<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20110311_10-K_edgar_data_1307748_0001193125-11-064003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7563698</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>622299</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6082018</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-11-064003.hdr.sgml : 20110311
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20110311161646
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-11-064003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20101231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20110311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20110311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001307748
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				342019608
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51609
		FILM NUMBER:		11682380

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2901 BUTTERFIELD ROAD
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523
		BUSINESS PHONE:		630-218-8000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2901 BUTTERFIELD ROAD
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-11-064003.txt : 20110311

10-K
 1
 d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 10-K

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2010 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM 
TO COMMISSION FILE NUMBER:
000-51609 
 Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Maryland 
 
 34-2019608 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

2901 Butterfield Road, Oak Brook, Illinois 
 
 60523 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 630-218-8000 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common stock, 0.001 par value per share (Title of Class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its
corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. (See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act). 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No While there is no established market for the registrant s shares of common stock, the
registrant has completed a follow-on primary offering of its shares of common stock pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-11. In each of its primary offerings, the registrant sold shares of its common stock for 10.00 per share, with
discounts available for certain categories of purchasers. The number of shares held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2010 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately
834,122,708. As of March 1,2011, there were 850,557,604 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

3 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

24 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

24 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

27 

Item 4. 
 
 Reserved 

27 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

28 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

30 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

32 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

63 

Item 8. 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

66 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

180 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

180 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

180 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

181 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

185 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters 

187 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

189 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

191 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

192 

Signatures 

193 
 This Annual
Report on Form 10-K includes references to certain trademarks. Courtyard by Marriott , Marriott , Marriott Suites , Residence Inn by Marriott 
and SpringHill Suites by Marriott trademarks are the property of Marriott International, Inc. Marriott or one of its affiliates. Doubletree , Embassy Suites , Hampton Inn , Hilton Garden Inn , Hilton
Hotels and Homewood Suites by Hilton trademarks are the property of Hilton Hotels Corporation Hilton or one or more of its affiliates. Hyatt Place trademark is the property of Hyatt Corporation Hyatt ). Intercontinental Hotels trademark is the property of IHG. Wyndham and Baymont Inn Suites
 trademarks are the property of Wyndham Worldwide. Comfort Inn
 trademark is the property of Choice Hotels International. The Aloft service name is the property of Starwood.
For convenience, the applicable trademark or service mark symbol has been omitted but will be deemed to be included wherever the above-referenced terms are used. 
 -i-

PART I Item 1. Business General 
 Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, was incorporated in October 2004. We have elected to be taxed, and currently qualify, as
a real estate investment trust REIT for federal tax purposes. We acquire, own, operate and develop a diversified portfolio of commercial real estate, including retail, multi-family, industrial, lodging, and office properties, located
in the United States. We acquire these assets directly by purchasing the property or through joint ventures, including joint ventures in which we do not own a controlling interest. We do not focus our property acquisitions in any one particular
geographic location within the United States. Our investment policies and strategies are very broad and do not require us to invest any specific amount or percentage of assets in any one type of investment. Further, we have not adopted any policies
limiting the amount or percentage of assets that we may invest in commercial real estate, entities owning commercial real estate or other real estate assets. We do not intend to acquire real estate assets located outside of the United States and
Canada. Inland American is a diversified REIT, and we focus on maximizing stockholder value by utilizing the depth of our expertise to
capitalize on opportunities in the real estate industry. We believe our capacity to identify and react to investment opportunities is one of our biggest strengths. At December 31, 2010, the Company owned a portfolio of 980 commercial real estate properties. The breakdown by segment is as follows: 

Segment 
 
 Property Count 
 
 Square Feet /Rooms/Units 
 
 Retail 
 
 735 
 
 21,649,521 square feet 
 
 Lodging 
 
 99 
 
 15,380 rooms 
 
 Office 
 
 47 
 
 10,612,479 square feet 
 
 Industrial 
 
 72 
 
 15,959,342 square feet 
 
 Multi-Family 
 
 27 
 
 9,790 units Segment Data 
 We have five business segments: Retail, Lodging, Office, Industrial, and Multi-family. We evaluate segment performance primarily based on net property
operations. Net property operations of the segments do not include interest expense, depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses, noncontrolling interest expense or interest and other investment income from corporate
investments. The non-segmented assets include our cash and cash equivalents, investment in marketable securities, construction in progress, investment in unconsolidated entities and notes receivable. Information related to our business segments for
the year 2010 is set forth in Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Customers For the year ended
December 31, 2010, we generated more than 16 of our rental revenue from two tenants, SunTrust Bank and AT T, Inc. SunTrust Bank leases multiple properties throughout the United States, which collectively generated approximately 9 of our
rental revenue for the year ended December 31, 2010. For the year ended December 31, 2010, approximately 7 of our rental revenue was generated by three properties leased to AT T, Inc. 
 Tax Status We and Minto Builders
(Florida), Inc., a majority owned subsidiary, herein referred to as MB REIT, have elected to be taxed as REITs, under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the Code beginning with the tax year ended
December 31, 2005. Because we and MB REIT qualify for taxation as 
 -1-

REITs, we and MB REIT generally will not be subject to federal income tax on taxable income that is distributed to stockholders. If we or MB REIT fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year,
without the benefit of certain relief provisions, we or MB REIT will be subject to federal and state income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. Even if we and MB REIT qualify for taxation as a REIT, we and MB REIT may be subject to
certain state and local taxes on our income, property or net worth, respectively, and to Federal income and excise taxes on our or MB REIT s undistributed income. Competition We are subject to significant competition in seeking real estate investments
and tenants. We compete with many third parties engaged in real estate investment activities including other REITs, banks, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, hedge funds, governmental bodies and
other entities. We also face competition from real estate investment programs, including three REITs, sponsored by our sponsor and its affiliates for retail shopping centers and single tenant net-leased properties that may be suitable for our
investment. Employees We
have 99 full-time individuals employed primarily by our multi-family subsidiaries. Our executive officers do not receive any compensation from us for their services as such officers. Our executive officers are officers of one or more of The Inland
Group, Inc. s affiliated entities, including our business manager, and are compensated by these entities, in part, for their services rendered to us. For these purposes, secretary is not considered an executive officer. 
 We have entered into a business management agreement with Inland American Business Manager Advisor, Inc. to serve as our business manager,
with responsibility for overseeing and managing our day-to-day operations, and property management agreements with each of our property managers. We pay fees to each of our business manager and our property managers in consideration for the services
they perform for us pursuant to these agreements. Conflicts of Interest Policies 
 Our governing documents require a majority of our directors to be independent. Further, any transactions between The Inland Group, Inc. or its affiliates
and us must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. Beginning on page 3 is a discussion of the risks that we believe are
material to investors who purchase or own our common stock. You should consider carefully these risks, together with the other information contained in and incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the descriptions included
in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Environmental Matters 
 Compliance with federal, state and local environmental laws has not had a material adverse effect on our business, assets, or results of operations,
financial condition and ability to pay distributions, and we do not believe that our existing portfolio will require us to incur material expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations. However, we cannot predict the impact of unforeseen
environmental contingencies or new or changed laws or regulations on our properties. Seasonality 
 The lodging segment is seasonal in nature, reflecting higher revenue and operating income during the second and third quarters. This seasonality can be
expected to cause fluctuations in our net property operations for the lodging segment. All of our other segments are not seasonal in nature. 
 -2-

Access to Company Information We electronically file our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The public may read and copy any of the reports that are filed with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public
Reference Room by calling the SEC at (800)-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. 
 We make available, free of charge, by responding to requests addressed to our customer relations group, the Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports on our website, www.inland-american.com. These reports are available as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed or furnished to the SEC.
 Certifications We have
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission the principal executive officer and principal financial officer certifications required pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which are attached as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 The occurrence of any of the risks discussed below could have a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. Risks Related to Our Business 
 Recent disruptions in the financial markets and current economic conditions could adversely affect our ability to refinance or secure additional
debt financing at attractive terms and the values of our investments. The capital and credit markets have been extremely volatile
since the fall of 2008. In particular, the real estate debt markets have experienced volatility as a result of certain factors, including the tightening of underwriting standards by lenders and credit rating agencies, therefore making it more costly
to refinance our existing debt and to obtain new financing on attractive terms. If overall borrowing costs continue to increase, either by increases in the index rates or by increases in lender spreads, our operations may generate lower returns.
 In addition, the disruptions in the financial markets and recent economic conditions have negatively impacted commercial real estate
fundamentals, which could have, and in some cases have already had, various negative impacts on the value of our investments, including: 

the values of our investments in commercial properties could decrease below the amounts paid for such investments; or 

revenues from our properties have decreased, and could continue to decrease, due to lower occupancy and rental rates, which may make it more difficult
for us to pay distributions or meet our debt service obligations on debt financing. There is no assurance that we
will be able to continue paying cash distributions or that distributions will increase over time. We intend to continue paying regular
monthly cash distributions to our stockholders. However, there are many factors that can affect the availability and timing of cash distributions to stockholders such as our ability to buy, and earn positive yields on, real estate assets, the yields
on securities of other entities in which we invest, our operating expense levels, as well as many other variables. Actual cash available for distributions may vary 
 -3-

substantially from estimates. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue paying distributions at the current level or that the amount of distributions will increase, or not decrease
further, over time. Even if we are able to continue paying distributions, the actual amount and timing of distributions is determined by our board of directors in its discretion and typically depends on the amount of funds available for
distribution, which depends on items such as current and projected cash requirements and tax considerations. As a result, our distribution rate and payment frequency may vary from time to time. 
 Funding distributions from sources other than cash flow from operating activities may negatively impact our ability to sustain or pay distributions
and will result in us having less cash available for other uses. If our cash flow from operating activities is not sufficient to fully
fund the payment of distributions, the level of our distributions may not be sustainable and some or all of our distributions will be paid from other sources. For example, from time to time, our business manager has determined, in its sole
discretion, to either forgo or defer a portion of the business management fee, which has had the effect of increasing cash flow from operations for the relevant period because we have not had to use that cash to pay any fee or reimbursement which
was foregone or deferred during the relevant period. We will, however, need to use cash at some point in the future to pay any fee or reimbursement that is deferred. For the year ended December 31, 2010, we paid a business management fee of 36
million, or approximately 0.32 of our average invested assets on an annual basis, as well as an investment advisory fee of approximately 1.4 million, together which are less than the full 1 fee that the business manager could be paid. There is no
assurance that our business manager will forgo or defer any portion of its business management fee in the future. We also may use cash from financing activities, components of which may include borrowings (including borrowings secured by our
assets), as well as proceeds from the sales of our properties, to fund distributions. To the extent distributions are paid from financing activities, we will have less money available for other uses, such as cash needed to refinance existing
indebtedness. There is no public market for our shares, and you may not be able to sell your shares, including through our share
repurchase program. There is no public market for our shares and no assurance that one may develop. Our charter does not require our
directors to seek stockholder approval to liquidate our assets by a specified date, nor does our charter require our directors to list our shares for trading by a specified date. Further, our amended and restated share repurchase program, which will
become effective on April 11, 2011, will permit us to repurchase shares only upon the death of the beneficial owner. The failure of any
bank in which we deposit our funds could reduce the amount of cash we have available to pay distributions and make additional investments. We have deposited our cash and cash equivalents in several banking institutions in an attempt to minimize exposure to the failure or takeover of any one of these entities. However, the Federal Insurance
Deposit Corporation, or FDIC, generally only insures limited amounts per depositor per insured bank. At December 31, 2010, we had cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash deposited in interest bearing transaction accounts at
certain financial institutions exceeding these federally insured levels. If any of the banking institutions in which we have deposited funds ultimately fails, we may lose our deposits over the federally insured levels. The loss of our deposits could
reduce the amount of cash we have available to distribute or invest. Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate 
 There are inherent risks with real estate investments. Investments in real estate assets are subject to varying degrees of risk. For example, an investment in real estate cannot generally be quickly converted to cash, limiting our ability to promptly vary our
portfolio in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions. Investments in real estate assets also are subject to adverse changes in general economic conditions which, for example, reduce the demand for rental space. 

 -4-

Among the factors that could impact our real estate assets and the value of an investment in us are:

local conditions such as an oversupply of space or reduced demand for real estate assets of the type that we own or seek to acquire, including, with
respect to our lodging facilities, quick changes in supply of and demand for rooms that are rented or leased on a day-to-day basis; 

inability to collect rent from tenants; 

vacancies or inability to rent space on favorable terms; 

inflation and other increases in operating costs, including insurance premiums, utilities and real estate taxes; 

increases in energy costs or airline fares or terrorist incidents which impact the propensity of people to travel and therefore impact revenues from
our lodging facilities, although operating costs cannot be adjusted as quickly; 

adverse changes in the federal, state or local laws and regulations applicable to us, including those affecting rents, zoning, prices of goods, fuel
and energy consumption, water and environmental restrictions; 

the relative illiquidity of real estate investments; 

changing market demographics; 

an inability to acquire and finance, or refinance, properties on favorable terms, if at all; 

acts of God, such as earthquakes, floods or other uninsured losses; and 

changes or increases in interest rates and availability of financing. In addition, periods of economic slowdown or recession, or declining demand for real estate, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, could result in a general decline in rents or
increased defaults under existing leases. Increasing vacancy rates for certain classes of real estate assets resulting from the recent
economic downturn and disruption in the financial markets could adversely affect the value of our assets. The U.S. economy is emerging
from a severe recessionary contraction, which resulted in increased vacancy rates for certain classes of commercial property, including office, retail and industrial properties, due to increased tenant delinquencies and defaults under leases,
generally lower demand for rentable space, as well as potential oversupply of rentable space. Business failures and downsizings led to reduced demand for office and industrial space and reduced consumer demand for retail products and services, which
has led to reduced demand for retail space. In addition, declines in corporate travel budgets and consumer demand due to adverse general economic conditions, such as declines in U.S. GDP, risks affecting or reducing travel patterns, lower consumer
confidence or adverse political conditions lowered the revenues and profitability of our hotel properties and therefore the net operating profits of the lessees to whom we lease our hotel properties. 
 If economic conditions do not recover or result in a further downtown, we may be required to increase concessions, tenant improvement expenditures or
reduce rental rates to maintain occupancies beyond those anticipated at the time we acquired the properties, and the value of our real estate assets could decrease below the amounts we paid for them. In addition, revenues from properties could
decrease due to lower occupancy rates, reduced rental rates and potential increases in uncollectible rent. Additionally, we will incur expenses, such as for maintenance costs, insurances costs and property taxes, even though a property is vacant.
The longer the period of significant vacancies for a property, the greater the potential negative impact on our revenues and results of operations. 
 -5-

We depend on tenants for the majority of our revenue, and lease terminations or the exercise of any
co-tenancy rights could have an adverse effect. From time to time certain of our tenants have failed to pay their rent, causing us to
lose the revenue associated with the relevant lease. If these defaults become significant, we will be forced to use other funds to make payments on the mortgage indebtedness secured by the impacted property to prevent a foreclosure action. If a
tenant defaults, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as a landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment. We would face increased difficulties with respect to a lease containing co-tenancy provisions where a
failure by one tenant gives another tenant the right to abate minimum rent, reduce its share or the amount of its payments of common area operating expenses and property taxes or cancel its lease. In addition, if a tenant at one of our
 single-user facilities, properties designed or built primarily for a particular tenant or a specific type of use, fails to renew its lease or defaults on its lease obligations, we may not be able to readily market a single-user facility
to a new tenant without making substantial capital improvements or incurring other significant re-leasing costs. We may suffer adverse
consequences due to the financial difficulties, bankruptcy or insolvency of our tenants. Recent economic conditions have caused, and
may continue to cause, our tenants to experience financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, insolvency or a general downturn in their business. The retail sector in particular has been, and could continue to be, adversely affected by weakness in
the national, regional and local economies, the level of consumer spending and consumer confidence, the adverse financial condition of some large retailing companies, the ongoing consolidation in the retail sector, the excess amount of retail space
in a number of markets and increasing competition from discount retailers, outlet malls, internet retailers and other online businesses. We cannot provide assurance that any tenant that files for bankruptcy protection will continue to pay us rent. A
bankruptcy filing by, or relating to, one of our tenants or a lease guarantor would bar efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from that tenant or lease guarantor, or its property, unless we receive an order permitting us to do so from the
bankruptcy court. In addition, we cannot evict a tenant solely because of bankruptcy. The bankruptcy of a tenant or lease guarantor could delay our efforts to collect past due balances under the relevant leases, and could ultimately preclude
collection of these sums. If a lease is assumed by the tenant in bankruptcy, all pre-bankruptcy balances due under the lease must be paid to us in full. If, however, a lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, we would have only a general,
unsecured claim for damages. An unsecured claim would only be paid to the extent that funds are available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other holders of general, unsecured claims. Restrictions under the bankruptcy laws further
limit the amount of any other claims that we can make if a lease is rejected. As a result, it is likely that we would recover substantially less than the full value of the remaining rent during the term. 
 We may be unable to secure funds for future tenant improvements. We may be required to expend substantial funds to improve leasable space either to maintain existing tenants or to attract new tenants. Although we have established reserves for capital improvements,
these reserves may not be sufficient, thus requiring us to seek funds from other sources. We cannot assure you that sufficient financing will be available or, if available, will be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Moreover, certain
reserves required by lenders may be designated for specific uses and may not be available to use for tenant improvements. Additional borrowing for capital improvements will increase our interest expense. Failure to make these improvements could have
a material adverse effect on the value of the impacted properties and the revenues generated by those properties. We may be restricted
from re-leasing space. In the case of leases with retail tenants, the majority of the leases contain provisions giving the particular
tenant the exclusive right to sell particular types of merchandise or provide specific types of services within the particular retail center. These provisions may limit the number and types of prospective tenants interested in leasing space in a
particular retail property. 
 -6-

Two of our tenants generated a significant portion of our revenue, and rental payment defaults by
these significant tenants could adversely affect our results of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2010, approximately
9 of our rental revenue was generated by over 400 retail banking properties leased to SunTrust Bank. Also, for the year ended December 31, 2010, approximately 7 of our rental revenue was generated by three properties leased to AT T, Inc.
As a result of the concentration of revenue generated from these properties, if either SunTrust or AT T were to cease paying rent or fulfilling its other monetary obligations, we could have significantly reduced rental revenues or higher
expenses until the defaults were cured or the properties were leased to a new tenant or tenants. In addition to these tenants, our retail
shopping center properties typically are anchored by large, nationally recognized tenants. At any time, our tenants may experience a downturn in their business that may weaken significantly their financial condition. Further, mergers or
consolidations among large retail establishments could result in the closure of existing stores or duplicate or geographically overlapping store locations, which could include stores at our retail properties. Loss of, or a store closure by, an
anchor or major tenant could significantly reduce our occupancy level or the rent we receive from our retail properties. Geographic
concentration of our portfolio may make us particularly susceptible to adverse economic developments in the real estate markets of those areas or natural disasters in those areas. Because our properties are concentrated in certain geographic areas, our operating results are likely to be impacted by economic changes affecting the real estate markets in those areas. As of
December 31, 2010, approximately, 4 , 4 , 7 and 13 of our base rental income of our consolidated portfolio, excluding our lodging facilities, was generated by properties located in the Dallas, Minneapolis, Chicago and Houston metropolitan
areas, respectively. Additionally, at December 31, 2010, 34 of our lodging facilities, or approximately 34 of our lodging portfolio,
were located in Washington D.C. and the eight eastern seaboard states ranging from Connecticut to Florida, including 11 hotels located in North Carolina. Additionally, 22 of our facilities were located in Texas. Adverse events in these areas, such
as recessions, hurricanes or other natural disasters, could cause a loss of revenues from these hotels. Further, several of the hotels are located near the water and are exposed to more severe weather than hotels located inland. Elements such as
salt water and humidity can increase or accelerate wear on the hotels weatherproofing and mechanical, electrical and other systems, and cause mold issues. As a result, we may incur additional operating costs and expenditures for capital
improvements at these hotels. Geographic concentration also exposes us to risks of oversupply and competition in these markets. Significant increases in the supply of certain property types, including hotels, without corresponding increases in
demand could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our ability to pay distributions. To
qualify as a REIT, we must rely on third parties to operate our hotels. To continue qualifying as a REIT, we may not, among other
things, operate any hotel, or directly participate in the decisions affecting the daily operations of any hotel. Thus, we have retained third party managers to operate our hotel properties. We do not have the authority to directly control any
particular aspect of the daily operations of any hotel, such as setting room rates. Thus, even if we believe our hotels are being operated in an inefficient or sub-optimal manner, we may not be able to require an immediate change to the method of
operation. Our only alternative for changing the operation of our hotels may be to replace the third party manager of one or more hotels in situations where the applicable management agreement permits us to terminate the existing manager. Certain of
these agreements may not be terminated without cause, which generally includes fraud, misrepresentation and other illegal acts. Even if we terminate or replace any manager, there is no assurance that we will be able to find another manager or that
we will be able to enter into new management agreements favorable to us. Any change of hotel management would cause a disruption in operations. 
 -7-

Conditions of franchise agreements could adversely affect us. 
 Our lodging properties are operated under franchises with nationally recognized franchisors including Marriott International, Inc., Hilton Hotels
Corporation, Intercontinental Hotels Group PLC, Hyatt Corporation, Wyndham Worldwide Corporation and Choice Hotels International. These agreements generally contain specific standards for, and restrictions and limitations on, the operation and
maintenance of a hotel in order to maintain uniformity within the franchisor s system. These standards are subject to change over time, in some cases at the discretion of the franchisor, and may restrict our ability to make improvements or
modifications to a hotel without the consent of the franchisor. Conversely, these standards may require us to make certain improvements or modifications to a hotel, even if we do not believe the capital improvements are necessary or desirable or
will result in an acceptable return on our investment. Compliance with these standards could require us to incur significant expenses or capital expenditures. These agreements also permit the franchisor to terminate the agreement in certain cases such as a failure to pay royalties and fees or perform our other covenants under the franchise agreement,
bankruptcy, abandonment of the franchise, commission of a felony, assignment of the franchise without the consent of the franchisor or failure to comply with applicable law or maintain applicable standards in the operation and condition of the
relevant hotel. If a franchise license terminates due to our failure to make required improvements or to otherwise comply with its terms, we may be liable to the franchisor for a termination payment. These payments vary. Also, these franchise
agreements do not renew automatically. Actions of our joint venture partners could negatively impact our performance.
 As of December 31, 2010, we had entered into joint venture agreements with sixteen entities to fund the investment of office,
industrial/distribution, retail, lodging, healthcare and mixed use properties. The carrying value of our investment in these joint ventures, which we do not consolidate for financial reporting purposes, was 573.2 million. For the year ended
December 31, 2010, we recognized losses of 18.7 million and impairment of 11.2 million associated with these ventures. With respect to
these investments, we are not in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. Consequently, our joint venture investments may involve risks not otherwise present with other
methods of investment in real estate. For example, our co-member, co-venturer or partner may have economic or business interests or goals which are or which become inconsistent with our business interests or goals or may take action contrary to our
instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives. We have experienced these events from time to time with our current venture partners, which in some cases has resulted in litigation with these partners. There can be no assurance
that an adverse outcome in any future lawsuit will not have a material effect on our results of operations for any particular period. In addition, any litigation increases our expenses and prevents our officers and directors from focusing their time
and effort on other aspects of our business. We also face the risk that our venture partners may become bankrupt, which would mean that we and any other remaining venture partners would generally remain liable for the joint venture s
liabilities, and the risk that that our partners may fail to fund their share of any required capital contributions, which could result in us having to contribute that capital. In addition, our relationships with our venture partners are contractual
in nature. These agreements may restrict our ability to sell our interest when we desire or on advantageous terms and, on the other hand, may be terminated or dissolved under the terms of the agreements and, in each event, we may not continue to own
or operate the interests or assets underlying the relationship or may need to purchase these interests or assets at an above-market price to continue ownership. Current credit market disruptions and recent economic trends may increase the likelihood of a commercial developer defaulting on its obligations with respect to our development projects, including
projects where we have notes receivable, or becoming bankrupt or insolvent. We have entered into, and may continue to enter into,
projects that are in various stages of pre-development and development. Investing in properties under development, and in lodging facilities, which typically must be renovated or otherwise improved on a regular basis, including renovations and
improvements required by 
 -8-

existing franchise agreements, subjects us to uncertainties such as the ability to achieve desired zoning for development, environmental concerns of governmental entities or community groups,
ability to control construction costs or to build in conformity with plans, specifications and timetables. The current economic climate has continued to impact real estate developments as well. The current slow-down in consumer spending has
negatively impacted the retail environment in particular, and is causing many retailers to pull back from new leasing and expansion plans. We believe that our retail developments will experience longer lease-up periods and future leasing will be at
leasing rates less than originally underwritten. In addition, recent economic conditions have caused an increase in developer failures. The
developers of the projects in which we have invested are exposed to risks not only with respect to our projects, but also other projects in which they are involved. A default by a developer in respect of one of our development project investments,
or the bankruptcy, insolvency or other failure of a developer for one of these projects, may require that we determine whether we want to assume the senior loan, fund monies beyond what we are contractually obligated to fund, take over development
of the project, find another developer for the project, or sell our interest in the project. Developer failures could give tenants the right to terminate pre-construction leases, delay efforts to complete or sell the development project and could
ultimately preclude us from realizing our anticipated returns. These events could cause a decrease in the value of our assets and compel us to seek additional sources of liquidity, which may or may not be available, in order to hold and complete the
development project. Generally, under bankruptcy law and our bankruptcy guarantees with our joint venture development partners, we may seek
recourse from the developer-guarantor to complete our development project with a substitute developer partner. However, in the event of a bankruptcy by the developer-guarantor, we cannot provide assurance that the developer or its trustee will
satisfy its obligations. The bankruptcy of any developer and the rejection of its development obligations would likely cause us to have to complete the development on our own or find a replacement developer, which could result in delays and
increased costs. We cannot provide assurance that we would be able to complete the development on terms as favorable as when we first entered into the project. If we are not able to, or elected not to, proceed with a development opportunity, the
development costs ordinarily would be charged against income for the then-current period if we determine our costs are not recoverable. 
 Sale leaseback transactions may be recharacterized in a manner unfavorable to us. From time to time we have entered into a sale leaseback transaction where we purchase a property and then lease the property to the seller. These transactions could, however, be characterized as a
financing instead of a sale in the case of the seller s bankruptcy. In this case, we would not be treated as the owner of the property but rather as a creditor with no interest in the property itself. The seller may have the ability in a
bankruptcy proceeding to restructure the financing by imposing new terms and conditions. The transaction also may be recharacterized as a joint venture. In this case, we would be treated as a joint venturer with liability, under some circumstances,
for debts incurred by the seller relating to the property. We may be unable to sell assets if or when we decide to do so.
 Our ability to sell real estate assets is limited by many factors, such as limitations imposed by the Code on REITs, general economic
conditions, the availability of financing to the purchaser, interest rates and the supply and demand for the particular asset type. Specifically, as a result of recent economic conditions, potential purchasers may be unable to obtain financing on
acceptable terms, if at all, thereby delaying our ability to sell our real estate investments. In addition, the capitalization rates at which properties may be sold could rise, thereby reducing our potential proceeds from sale. In addition, if we
sell properties by providing financing to purchasers, we will bear the risk of default by the purchaser and may incur significant litigation costs in enforcing our rights against the purchaser. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any
real estate asset on favorable terms and conditions, if at all, or the length of time needed to sell an asset. 
 -9-

An increase in real estate taxes may decrease our income from properties. 
 From time to time, the amount we pay for property taxes increases as either property values increase or assessment rates are adjusted. Increases in a
property s value or in the assessment rate result in an increase in the real estate taxes due on that property. If we are unable to pass the increase in taxes through to our tenants, our net operating income for the property decreases.
 Uninsured losses or premiums for insurance coverage may adversely affect a stockholder s returns. 
 We attempt to adequately insure all of our properties against casualty losses. There are types of losses, generally catastrophic in nature, such as losses
due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters that are uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject to limitations, such as large deductibles or co-payments. Risks
associated with potential acts of terrorism could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. Additionally, mortgage lenders sometimes require commercial property owners to purchase specific coverage
against terrorism as a condition for providing mortgage loans. These policies may not be available at a reasonable cost, if at all, which could inhibit our ability to finance or refinance our properties. In such instances, we may be required to
provide other financial support, either through financial assurances or self-insurance, to cover potential losses. If we incur any casualty losses not fully covered by insurance, the value of our assets will be reduced by the amount of the uninsured
loss. In addition, other than any reserves we may establish, we have no source of funding to repair or reconstruct any uninsured damaged property, and we cannot provide assurance that any of these sources of funding will be available to us in the
future. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may affect the markets in which we operate, our operations and our
profitability. We may acquire real estate assets located in areas that are susceptible to attack. These attacks may directly impact
the value of our assets through damage, destruction, loss or increased security costs. Although we may obtain terrorism insurance, we may not be able to obtain sufficient coverage to fund any losses we may incur. Risks associated with potential acts
of terrorism could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. Further, certain losses resulting from these types of events are uninsurable or not insurable at reasonable costs. 
 More generally, any terrorist attack, other act of violence or war, including armed conflicts, could result in increased volatility in, or damage to, the
United States and worldwide financial markets and economy. Any terrorist incident may, for example, deter people from traveling, which could affect the ability of our hotels to generate operating income and therefore our ability to pay
distributions. Additionally, increased economic volatility could adversely affect our tenants ability to pay rent on their leases or our ability to borrow money or issue capital stock at acceptable prices. 
 The cost of complying with environmental and other governmental laws and regulations may adversely affect us. 
 All real property and the operations conducted on real property are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations (including those of foreign
jurisdictions) relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. These laws and regulations generally govern wastewater discharges, air emissions, the operation and removal of underground and above-ground storage tanks, the use,
storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of solid and hazardous materials, and the remediation of contamination associated with disposals. We also are required to comply with various local, state and federal fire, health, life-safety and
similar regulations. Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on tenants or owners for the costs of investigating or remediating contaminated properties. These laws and regulations often impose liability whether or
not the owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. The cost of 
 -10-

removing or remediating could be substantial. In addition, the presence of these substances, or the failure to properly remediate these substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell or
rent a property or to use the property as collateral for borrowing. Environmental laws and regulations also may impose restrictions on the
manner in which properties may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures by us. Environmental laws and regulations provide for sanctions in the event of noncompliance and may be enforced by
governmental agencies or, in certain circumstances, by private parties. Third parties may seek recovery from owners of real properties for personal injury or property damage associated with exposure to released hazardous substances. Compliance with
new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretations of existing laws may require material expenditures by us. For example, various federal, regional and state laws and regulations have been implemented or are under consideration to
mitigate the effects of climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions. Among other things, green building codes may seek to reduce emissions through the imposition of standards for design, construction materials, water and energy
usage and efficiency, and waste management. We are not aware of any such existing requirements that we believe will have a material impact on our current operations. However, future requirements could increase the costs of maintaining or improving
our existing properties or developing new properties. Our properties may contain or develop harmful mold, which could lead to liability
for adverse health effects and costs of remediating the problem. The presence of mold at any of our properties could require us to
undertake a costly program to remediate, contain or remove the mold. Mold growth may occur when moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Concern about indoor exposure to mold
has been increasing because exposure to mold may cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. The presence of mold could expose us to liability from our tenants, their employees and others if
property damage or health concerns arise. We may incur significant costs to comply with the Americans With Disabilities Act.
 Investment in real estate assets also may be subject to the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended. Under this act, all
places of public accommodation are required to comply with federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The act has separate compliance requirements for public accommodations and commercial facilities 
that generally require that buildings and services be made accessible and available to people with disabilities. The act s requirements could require us to remove access barriers and could result in the imposition of injunctive relief, monetary
penalties or, in some cases, an award of damages. A proposed change in U.S. accounting standards for leases could reduce the overall
demand to lease our properties. The existing accounting standards for leases require lessees to classify their leases as either
capital or operating leases. Under a capital lease, both the leased asset, which represents the tenant s right to use the property, and the contractual lease obligation are recorded on the tenant s balance sheet if one of the following
criteria are met: (i) the lease transfers ownership of the property to the lessee by the end of the lease term; (ii) the lease contains a bargain purchase option; (iii) the non-cancellable lease term is more than 75 of the useful
life of the asset; or (iv) if the present value of the minimum lease payments equals 90 or more of the leased property s fair value. If the terms of the lease do not meet these criteria, the lease is considered an operating lease, and no
leased asset or contractual lease obligation is recorded by the tenant. In order to address concerns raised by the SEC regarding the
transparency of contractual lease obligations under the existing accounting standards for operating leases, the U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board (the IASB initiated a joint project to develop new 
 -11-

guidelines to lease accounting. The FASB and IASB (collectively, the Boards issued an Exposure Draft on August 17, 2010 (the Exposure Draft ), which proposes
substantial changes to the current lease accounting standards, primarily by eliminating the concept of operating lease accounting. As a result, a lease asset and obligation will be recorded on the tenant s balance sheet for all lease
arrangements. In addition, the Exposure Draft will impact the method in which contractual lease payments will be recorded. In order to mitigate the effect of the proposed lease accounting, tenants may seek to negotiate certain terms within new lease
arrangements or modify terms in existing lease arrangements, such as shorter lease terms or fewer extension options, which would generally have less impact on tenant balance sheets. Also, tenants may reassess their lease-versus-buy strategies. This
could result in a greater renewal risk or shorter lease terms, either of which may negatively impact our operations and ability to pay distributions. The Exposure Draft does not include a proposed effective date; however, the Boards plan to issue a final standard regarding lease accounting in 2011. 
 Risks Related to Investments in Other Real Estate Assets Our investments in equity and debt securities have materially impacted, and may in the future materially impact, our results. We have invested, and may continue to invest, in real estate related securities of both publicly traded and private real estate companies. Real estate related equity securities are always unsecured and
subordinated to other obligations of the issuer. Investments in real estate related equity securities are subject to risks of: (1) limited liquidity in the secondary trading market in the case of unlisted or thinly traded securities;
(2) substantial market price volatility resulting from changes in prevailing interest rates in the case of traded equity securities; (3) subordination to the liabilities of the entity; (4) the operation of mandatory sinking fund or
call/redemption provisions during periods of declining interest rates that could cause the issuer to redeem the securities; and (5) the possibility that earnings of the issuer may be insufficient to meet its debt service and distribution
obligations. In addition, investments in real estate related securities will involve special risks relating to the particular issuer of the securities, including the financial condition and business outlook of the issuer. Issuers of real estate
related securities generally invest in real estate or real estate related assets and are subject to the inherent risks associated with real estate related investments. As of December 31, 2010, we had investments valued at 268.7 million in real estate related equity and debt securities. Many of the entities that we have invested in have reduced the dividends paid
on their stocks. The stock prices for these entities have declined since our initial purchase, and in certain cases we have sold these investments at a loss. There is no assurance that the stock market in general, and the market for REIT stocks, in
particular, will improve in the near future. Any mortgage loans that we originate or purchase are subject to the risks of delinquency
and foreclosure. We may originate and purchase mortgage loans. These loans are subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure, and
risks of loss. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by an income-producing property depends primarily upon the successful operation of the property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If the
net operating income of the property is reduced, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. A property s net operating income can be affected by, among other things: 

increased costs, including, with respect to our lodging facilities, added costs imposed by franchisors for improvements or operating changes required,
from time to time, under the franchise agreements; 

poor property management decisions; 

property location and condition; 

competition from comparable types of properties; 
 -12-

changes in specific industry segments; 

declines in regional or local real estate values, or occupancy rates; and 

increases in interest rates, real estate tax rates and other operating expenses. 
 We bear the risks of loss of principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the principal and accrued interest of the
mortgage loan. In the event of the bankruptcy of a mortgage loan borrower, the mortgage loan to that borrower will be deemed to be collateralized only to the extent of the value of the underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined
by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the mortgage loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. Foreclosure of a mortgage loan can
be an expensive and lengthy process that could have a substantial negative effect on our anticipated return on the foreclosed mortgage loan. We may also be forced to foreclose on certain properties, be unable to sell these properties and be forced
to incur substantial expenses to improve operations at the property. We may make a mortgage loan to affiliates of, or entities
sponsored by, our sponsor. If we have excess working capital, we may, from time to time, and subject to the conditions in our
articles, make a mortgage loan to affiliates of, or entities sponsored by, our sponsor. These loan arrangements will not be negotiated at arm s length and may contain terms and conditions that are not in our best interest and would not
otherwise be applicable if we entered into arrangements with a third-party borrower not affiliated with these entities. Risks
Associated with Debt Financing Borrowings may reduce the funds available for distribution and increase the risk of loss since
defaults may cause us to lose the properties securing the loans. In some instances, we acquire real estate assets by using either
existing financing or borrowing new monies. Our articles generally limit the total amount we may borrow to 300 of our net assets. In addition, we may obtain loans secured by some or all of our properties or other assets to fund additional
acquisitions or operations including to satisfy the requirement that we distribute at least 90 of our annual REIT taxable income (subject to certain adjustments) to our stockholders, or as is otherwise necessary or advisable to assure
that we qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Payments required on any amounts we borrow reduce the funds available for, among other things, distributions to our stockholders because cash otherwise available for distribution is required
to pay principal and interest associated with amounts we borrow. Defaults on loans secured by a property we own may result in us losing the
property or properties securing the loan that is in default as a result of foreclosure actions initiated by a lender. For tax purposes, a foreclosure would be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of
the debt secured by the property. If the outstanding balance of the debt exceeds our tax basis in the property, we would recognize taxable gain on the foreclosure but would not receive any cash proceeds. We also may fully or partially guarantee any
monies that subsidiaries borrow to purchase or operate real estate assets. In these cases, we will be responsible to the lender for repaying the loans if the subsidiary is unable to do so. If any mortgage contains cross-collateralization or
cross-default provisions, more than one property may be affected by a default. Lenders may restrict certain aspects of our operations,
which could, among other things, limit our ability to make distributions. The terms and conditions contained in any of our loan
documents may require us to maintain cash reserves, limit the aggregate amount we may borrow on a secured and unsecured basis, require us to satisfy restrictive financial covenants, prevent us from entering into certain business transactions, such
as a merger, sale of assets or other business combination, restrict our leasing operations or require us to obtain consent from the lender to complete 
 -13-

transactions or make investments that are ordinarily approved only by our board of directors. In addition, secured lenders typically restrict our ability to discontinue insurance coverage on a
mortgaged property even though we may believe that the insurance premiums paid to insure against certain losses, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters, are greater than the
potential risk of loss. Interest-only indebtedness may increase our risk of default. 
 We have financed, and may continue to finance, our property acquisitions or any re-financings using interest-only mortgage indebtedness. During the
interest only period, the amount of each scheduled payment is less than that of a traditional amortizing mortgage loan. The principal balance of the mortgage loan is not reduced (except in the case of prepayments) because there are no scheduled
monthly payments of principal during this period. After the interest-only period, we are required either to make scheduled payments of amortized principal and interest or to make a lump-sum or balloon payment at maturity. These required
principal or balloon payments increase the amount of our scheduled payments and may increase our risk of default under the related mortgage loan and reduce the funds available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Increases in interest rates could increase the amount of our debt payments. We have borrowed money that bears interest at variable rates. To date, we have effectively converted some of our variable rate debt into fixed rate debt through the use of swap agreements. Increases in
interest rates in variable rate debt that has not otherwise been hedged through the use of swap agreements reduce the funds available for other needs, including distribution to our stockholders. In addition, if rising interest rates cause us to need
additional capital to repay indebtedness, we may be forced to sell one or more of our properties or investments in real estate at times which may not permit us to realize the return on the investments we would have otherwise realized. 
 To hedge against interest rate fluctuations, we use derivative financial instruments, which may be costly and ineffective. 
 From time to time, we use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on certain loans secured by our assets. Our
derivative instruments currently consist of interest rate swap contracts but may, in the future, include, interest rate cap or floor contracts, futures or forward contracts, options or repurchase agreements. Our actual hedging decisions are
determined in light of the facts and circumstances existing at the time of the hedge. There is no assurance that our hedging strategy will achieve our objectives. We may be subject to costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs, if we
terminate these arrangements. To the extent that we use derivative financial instruments to hedge against interest rate fluctuations, we are
exposed to credit risk, basis risk and legal enforceability risks. In this context, credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. Basis risk occurs when the index upon which the contract is
based is more or less variable than the index upon which the hedged asset or liability is based, thereby making the hedge less effective. Finally, legal enforceability risks encompass general contractual risks including the risk that the
counterparty will breach the terms of, or fail to perform its obligations under, the derivative contract. A counterparty could fail, shut down, file for bankruptcy or be unable to pay out contracts. The business failure of a hedging counterparty
with whom we enter into a hedging transaction will most likely result in a default. Default by a party with whom we enter into a hedging transaction may result in the loss of unrealized profits and force us to cover our resale commitments, if any,
at the then current market price. Although generally we will seek to reserve the right to terminate our hedging positions, it may not always be possible to dispose of or close out a hedging position without the consent of the hedging counterparty,
and we may not be able to enter into an offsetting contract to cover our risk. We cannot provide assurance that a liquid secondary market will exist for hedging instruments purchased or sold, and we may be required to maintain a position until
exercise or expiration, which could result in losses. 
 -14-

Further, the REIT provisions of the Code may limit our ability to hedge the risks inherent to our
operations. We may be unable to manage these risks effectively. We may be contractually obligated to purchase property even if we are
unable to secure financing for the acquisition. We typically finance a portion of the purchase price for each property that we
acquire. However, to ensure that our offers are as competitive as possible, we generally do not enter into contracts to purchase property that include financing contingencies. Thus, we may be contractually obligated to purchase a property even if we
are unable to secure financing for the acquisition. In this event, we may choose to close on the property by using cash on hand, which would result in less cash available for our operations and distributions to stockholders. Alternatively, we may
choose not to close on the acquisition of the property and default on the purchase contract. If we default on any purchase contract, we could lose our earnest money and become subject to liquidated or other contractual damages and remedies.
 Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest There are conflicts of interest between us and affiliates of our sponsor that may affect our acquisition of properties and financial performance. 
 Our operation and management may be influenced or affected by conflicts of interest arising out of our relationship with entities sponsored by our
sponsor. Specifically, our sponsor has sponsored another REIT, Inland Diversified Real Estate Trust, Inc., which relies on an affiliate of our business manager to serve as its business manager. Inland Diversified invests in the same broad range of
asset types as us. As a result, we may be seeking to buy properties and other real estate assets at the same time as Inland Diversified. The resolution of conflicts in favor of Inland Diversified and any other entities sponsored by our sponsor could
result in us losing investment opportunities, losing tenants or suffering from delays in locating replacement tenants. We do not have
our own acquisition group. Except for the persons employed by our student housing subsidiaries, we do not employ directly any persons
responsible for identifying and acquiring properties or other real estate assets. Instead, we rely on entities affiliated with our sponsor such as IREA and Inland Institutional Capital Partners Corporation to identify and acquire other real estate
assets. Other entities formed and organized by our sponsor likewise utilize these entities to identify and acquire real estate assets, including the type of assets that we seek to acquire. IREA is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of The Inland
Group, Inc. Mr. Parks is a director of The Inland Group and Mr. Parks and Ms. Gujral are both directors of our sponsor and two of the other REITs formed and organized by our sponsor. Under the property acquisition agreement we have
entered into with IREA, we have been granted certain rights to acquire all properties, REITs or real estate operating companies IREA identifies, acquires or obtains the right to acquire. This right is subject to prior rights granted by IREA to other
REITs formed and organized by our sponsor, which grant these entities rights superior to ours to acquire neighborhood retail facilities, community centers or single-user properties located throughout the United States. The agreement with IREA may
result in a property being offered to another entity, even though we may also be interested in, and have the ability to acquire, the subject property. We do not have arm s-length agreements with our business manager, property managers or any other affiliates of our sponsor. None of the agreements and arrangements with our business manager, property managers and other affiliates of our sponsor was negotiated at arm s length. These agreements may contain terms and
conditions that would not otherwise be applicable if we entered into arm s-length agreements with third parties. 
 -15-

Our business manager receives fees based upon our invested assets and, in certain cases, the purchase
price for these assets, and may recommend that we make investments in an attempt to increase its fees. Our business manager receives
fees based on the aggregate book value, including acquired intangibles, of our invested assets and on the purchase price paid to acquire controlling interests in REITs or other real estate operating companies. The book value of our assets includes
amounts borrowed to acquire these assets. Also, we will pay our business manager a fee each time we acquire a REIT or other real estate operating company and an affiliate of our business manager receives fees for managing our portfolio of marketable
securities. Our business manager may, therefore: (1) borrow more money than prudent to increase the amount we can invest or (2) retain instead of sell assets. Further, because we will pay our business manager a fee when we acquire a
controlling interest in a REIT or other real estate operating company but not a fee interest in real estate, our business manager may focus on, and recommend, acquiring REITs or other real estate operating companies even if fee interests in real
estate assets generate better returns. We pay significant fees to our business manager, property managers and other affiliates of our
sponsor. We pay significant fees to our business manager, property managers and other affiliates of our sponsor for services provided
to us. In addition, because employees of our business manager are given broad discretion to determine when to consummate a particular real estate transaction, we rely on these persons to dictate the level of our business activity. Fees paid to our
business manager, property managers and other affiliates of our sponsor reduce funds available for distribution. We have also issued stock to our business manager in consideration of acquisition fees earned by the business manager. These issuances
have the effect of reducing the percentage of our outstanding shares owned by our stockholders. Our sponsor may face a conflict of
interest in allocating personnel and resources between its affiliates, our business manager and property managers. We rely on persons
employed by our business manager and property managers to manage our day-to-day operations. Some of these individuals, including two of our directors, Ms. Gujral and Mr. Parks, who serve as our president and chairman of the board,
respectively, also are employed by our sponsor or its affiliates, and may provide services to one or more other investment programs sponsored by our sponsor. These individuals face competing demands for their time and service and may have conflicts
in allocating their time between our business and the business of our sponsor, its affiliates and the other entities formed and organized by our sponsor. These individuals may not be able to devote all of their time and resources to our business
even if needed. We acquire real estate assets from affiliates of our sponsor in transactions in which the price is not the result of
arm s length negotiations. We have acquired real estate assets from affiliates of our sponsor, and may do so in the future.
Although the purchase price we paid for the assets was equal to the price paid for the assets by the affiliate plus any costs incurred by the affiliate in acquiring or financing the property or asset, it is possible that we could have negotiated a
better price if we had negotiated directly with the seller. From time to time, we purchase real estate assets from persons who have
prior business relationships with affiliates of our sponsor. Our interests in these transactions may be different from the interests of affiliates in these transactions. From time to time, we purchase real estate assets from third parties who have existing or previous business relationships with entities affiliated with our sponsor. The officers, directors or employees of
our business manager, our property managers, IREA or Inland Institutional Capital Partners Corporation who also perform services for our sponsor or these other affiliates may have a conflict in representing our interests in these transactions on the
one hand and the interests of our sponsor and its affiliates in preserving or furthering their respective relationships on the other hand. We may, therefore, end up paying a higher price to acquire the asset or sell the asset for a lower price than
we would if these other relationships did not exist. 
 -16-

Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure 
 Stockholders interest in us will be diluted if we issue additional shares. Stockholders do not have preemptive rights to any shares issued by us in the future. Our articles authorize us to issue up to 1.5 billion shares of capital stock, of which 1.46 billion shares are
designated as common stock and 40 million are designated as preferred stock. Future issuances of common stock, including issuances through the DRP, will reduce the percentage of our shares owned by our current stockholders who do not
participate in future stock issuances. Stockholders generally will not be entitled to vote on whether or not we issue additional shares. In addition, depending on the terms and pricing of an additional offering of our shares and the value of our
properties, our stockholders may experience dilution in both the book value and fair value of their shares. Further, our board could authorize the issuance of stock with terms and conditions that could subordinate the rights of the holders of our
current common stock or have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control in us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a
premium price for our stockholders. Stockholders returns may be reduced if we are required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act. We are not registered, and do not intend to register our company or any of our subsidiaries, as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). If we become obligated to register our company or any of our subsidiaries as an investment company, the registered entity would have to
comply with a variety of substantive requirements under the Investment Company Act imposing, among other things: 

limitations on capital structure; 

restrictions on specified investments; 

prohibitions on transactions with affiliates; and 

compliance with reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy disclosure and other rules and regulations that would significantly change our operations.
 We intend to continue conducting our operations, directly and through wholly or majority-owned subsidiaries, so that we and
each of our subsidiaries continue to be exempt from registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, a company is not deemed to be an investment company 
if it neither is, nor holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, nor proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act, a company is not
deemed to be an investment company if it neither is engaged, nor proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and does not own or propose to acquire investment
securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets on an unconsolidated basis, which we refer to as the 40 test. We believe that we and most, if not all, of our wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries are not considered investment companies under either Section 3(a)(1)(A) or Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the
Investment Company Act. In the event that the company or any of its wholly or majority-owned subsidiaries would ever inadvertently fall within one of the definitions of investment company, we intend to rely on the exception provided by
Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act. Under Section 3(c)(5)(C), the SEC staff generally requires us to maintain at
least 55 of our assets directly in qualifying assets to qualify for this exception. Mortgage-backed securities may or may not constitute qualifying assets, depending on the characteristics of the mortgage-backed securities, including the rights
that we have with respect to the underlying loans. Our ownership of mortgage-backed securities, therefore, is limited by provisions of the Investment Company Act and SEC staff interpretations. 
 -17-

The method we use to classify our assets for purposes of the Investment Company Act is based in large
measure upon no-action positions taken by the SEC staff in the past. These no-action positions were issued in accordance with factual situations that may be substantially different from the factual situations we may face, and a number of these
no-action positions were issued more than ten years ago. No assurance can be given that the SEC staff will concur with our classification of our assets. In addition, the SEC staff may, in the future, issue further guidance that may require us to
re-classify our assets for purposes of qualifying for exemption from regulation under the Investment Company Act. If we are required to re-classify our assets, we may no longer be in compliance with the exclusion from the definition of an
 investment company provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act. A change in the value of any of our assets
could cause us to fall within the definition of investment company and negatively affect our ability to maintain our exemption from regulation under the Investment Company Act. To avoid being required to register our company or any of
our subsidiaries as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be unable to sell assets we would otherwise want to sell and may need to sell assets we would otherwise wish to retain. In addition, we may have to acquire additional
income- or loss-generating assets that we might not otherwise have acquired or may have to forgo opportunities to acquire interests in companies that we would otherwise want to acquire and would be important to our investment strategy. 
 If we were required to register the company as an investment company but failed to do so, we would be prohibited from engaging in our business, and
criminal and civil actions could be brought against us. In addition, our contracts would be unenforceable unless a court required enforcement, and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of us and liquidate our business. 
 Maryland law and our organizational documents limit a stockholder s right to bring claims against our officers and directors.
 Subject to the limitations set forth in our articles, a director will not have any liability for monetary damages under Maryland law
so long as he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interest, and with the care that an ordinary prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. In
addition, our articles, in the case of our directors, officers, employees and agents, and the business management agreement and the property management agreements, with our business manager and property managers, respectively, require us to
indemnify these persons for actions taken by them in good faith and without negligence or misconduct, or, in the case of our independent directors, actions taken in good faith without gross negligence or willful misconduct. Moreover, we may enter
into separate indemnification agreements with each of our directors and some of our executive officers. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against these persons than might otherwise exist under common law. In addition,
we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by these persons in some cases. Our board of directors may, in the future, adopt
certain measures under Maryland law without stockholder approval that may have the effect of making it less likely that stockholders would receive a control premium for their shares. 
 Corporations organized under Maryland law are permitted to protect themselves from unsolicited proposals or offers to acquire the company. Although we are
not subject to these provisions, our stockholders could approve an amendment to our articles eliminating this restriction. If we do become subject to these provisions, our board of directors would have the power under Maryland law to, among other
things, amend our articles without stockholder approval to: 

stagger our board of directors into three classes; 

require a two-thirds vote of stockholders to remove directors; 
 -18-

empower only remaining directors to fill any vacancies on the board; 

provide that only the board can fix the size of the board; 

provide that all vacancies on the board, regardless of how the vacancy was created, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
remaining directors in office; and 

require that special stockholders meetings be called only by holders of a majority of the voting shares entitled to be cast at the meeting.
 These provisions may discourage an extraordinary transaction, such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or
substantially all of our assets, all of which might provide a premium price for a stockholder s shares. Further, under the Maryland
Business Combination Act, we may not engage in any merger or other business combination with an interested stockholder or any affiliate of that interested stockholder for a period of five years after the most recent purchase of stock by
the interested stockholder. After the five-year period ends, any merger or other business combination with the interested stockholder must be recommended by our board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 

80 of all votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of our voting stock; and 

two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of our voting stock other than those shares owned or held by the
interested stockholder unless, among other things, our stockholders receive a minimum payment for their common stock equal to the highest price paid by the interested stockholder for its common stock. 
 Our articles exempt any business combination involving us and The Inland Group or any affiliate of The Inland Group, including our business manager and
property managers, from the provisions of this law. Our articles place limits on the amount of common stock that any person may own
without the prior approval of our board of directors. To qualify as a REIT, no more than 50 of the outstanding shares of our common
stock may be beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of each taxable year. Our articles prohibit any persons or groups from owning more than 9.8 of our common stock without the prior
approval of our board of directors. These provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our
assets that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock. Further, any person or group attempting to purchase shares exceeding these limits could be compelled to sell the additional shares and, as a result, to forfeit the benefits
of owning the additional shares. Our articles permit our board of directors to issue preferred stock on terms that may subordinate the
rights of the holders of our current common stock or discourage a third party from acquiring us. Our board of directors is permitted,
subject to certain restrictions set forth in our articles, to issue up to forty million shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval. Further, subject to certain restrictions set forth in our articles, our board may classify or reclassify
any unissued preferred stock and establish the preferences, conversions or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications, and terms or conditions of redemption of any preferred stock.
Thus, our board of directors could authorize us to issue shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could subordinate the rights of the holders of our common stock or have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in
control of us, including an extraordinary transaction such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, that might provide a premium price for holders of our common stock. 
 -19-

Maryland law limits, in some cases, the ability of a third party to vote shares acquired in a
 control share acquisition. Under the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act, persons or entities owning control
shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights with respect to those shares except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the corporation s disinterested stockholders.
Shares of stock owned by the acquirer or by officers or directors who are employees of the corporation, are not considered disinterested for these purposes. Control shares are shares of stock that, taken together with all other shares of
stock the acquirer previously acquired, would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: 

one-tenth or more but less than one-third of all voting power; 

one-third or more but less than a majority of all voting power; or 

a majority or more of all voting power. Control shares do not include shares of stock the acquiring person is entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share acquisition means the
acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. The Control Share Acquisition Act does not apply to (1) shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or
(2) acquisitions approved or exempted by our articles or bylaws. Our articles exempt transactions between us and The Inland Group and its affiliates, including our business manager and property managers, from the limits imposed by the Control
Share Acquisition Act. This statute could have the effect of discouraging offers from third parties to acquire us and increase the difficulty of successfully completing this type of offer by anyone other than The Inland Group and its affiliates.
 Federal Income Tax Risks If we fail to qualify as a REIT, our operations and distributions to stockholders will be adversely affected. Our qualification as a REIT depends on our ability to meet requirements regarding our organization and ownership, distributions of our income, the nature and diversification of our income and assets as
well as other tests imposed by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ). We cannot assure you that our actual operations for any one taxable year will satisfy these requirements. Further, new legislation,
regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly change the laws, rules and regulations impacting our ability to qualify as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of qualification. If we were to fail to
qualify as a REIT, without the benefit of certain relief provisions, in any taxable year: 

we would not be allowed to deduct distributions paid to stockholders when computing our taxable income; 

we would be subject to federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on our taxable income at regular corporate rates;

we would be disqualified from being taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we failed to qualify, unless entitled to
relief under certain statutory provisions; 

we would have less cash to pay distributions to stockholders; and 

we may be required to borrow additional funds or sell some of our assets in order to pay corporate tax obligations we may incur as a result of being
disqualified. In addition, if we were to fail to qualify as a REIT, we would not be required to pay distributions to
stockholders, and all distributions to stockholders that we did pay would be subject to tax as regular corporate dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. This means that, under current law, which is subject to
change, our U.S. stockholders who are taxed as individuals would be taxed on our dividends at long-term 
 -20-

capital gains rates through 2012 and that our corporate stockholders generally would be entitled to the dividends received deduction with respect to such dividends, subject, in each case, to
applicable limitations under the Internal Revenue Code. To maintain REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable
market conditions to make distributions to our stockholders, which could increase our operating costs and decrease the value of an investment in our company. To qualify as a REIT, we must distribute 90 of our REIT taxable income (which is determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital gain) to our stockholders each year. At times, we
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy these distribution requirements and may need to borrow funds to make these distributions and maintain our REIT status and avoid the payment of income and excise taxes. These borrowing needs could result from
(1) differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for federal income tax purposes; (2) the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures; (3) the creation of reserves; or (4) required debt
amortization payments. We may need to borrow funds at times when market conditions are unfavorable. Further, if we are unable to borrow funds when needed for this purpose, we would have to fund alternative sources of funding or risk losing our
status as a REIT. Certain of our business activities are potentially subject to the prohibited transaction tax, which could reduce the
return on an investment in our company. Our ability to dispose of property during the first two years following acquisition is
restricted to a substantial extent as a result of our REIT status. Under applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code regarding prohibited transactions by REITs, we will be subject to a 100 tax on any gain realized on the sale or other
disposition of any property (other than foreclosure property) we own, directly or through any subsidiary entity, excluding our taxable REIT subsidiaries, that is deemed to be inventory or property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary
course of trade or business. Determining whether property is inventory or otherwise held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business depends on the particular facts and circumstances surrounding each property. We
cannot provide assurance that any particular property we own, directly or through any subsidiary entity, excluding our taxable REIT subsidiaries, will not be treated as inventory or property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary
course of a trade or business. Certain fees paid to us may affect our REIT status. 
 Income received in the nature of rental subsidies or rent guarantees, in some cases, may not qualify as rental income from real estate and could be
characterized by the Internal Revenue Service as non-qualifying income for purposes of satisfying the 75 and 95 gross income tests required for REIT qualification. If the aggregate of non-qualifying income under the 95 gross income test in any
taxable year ever exceeded 5 of our gross revenues for the taxable year or non-qualifying income under the 75 gross income test in any taxable year ever exceeded 25 of our gross revenues for the taxable year, we could lose our REIT status for
that taxable year and the four taxable years following the year of losing our REIT status. Complying with the REIT requirements may
force us to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. To maintain qualification as a REIT, we must ensure that at the end of each
calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified REIT real estate assets, including shares of stock in other REITs, certain mortgage loans and mortgage backed securities. The
remainder of our investment in securities (other than governmental securities, qualified real estate assets and taxable REIT subsidiaries) generally cannot include more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 
of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5 of the value of our assets (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and taxable REIT subsidiaries) can consist of the
securities of any one issuer, and no more than 25 of the value of our total securities can be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. If we fail to comply with 
 -21-

these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within thirty days after the end of the calendar quarter to avoid losing our REIT status and suffering adverse
tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments, which, in the case of foreign stockholders, may impose a withholding tax obligation on us. If our leases are not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, each of Inland American and its subsidiary REITs would fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 To qualify as a REIT, Inland American must satisfy two gross income tests, pursuant to which specified percentages of our gross income must be passive
income such as rent. For the rent paid pursuant to the hotel leases with our TRS subsidiaries, Inland American and each of our subsidiary REITs gross income, to qualify for purposes of the gross income tests, the leases must be respected as
true leases for federal income tax purposes and must not be treated as service contracts, joint ventures or some other type of arrangement. We believe that the leases will be respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes. There can be no
assurance, however, that the IRS will agree with this characterization. If the leases were not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, neither Inland American nor any of our subsidiary REITs would be able to satisfy either of the
two gross income tests applicable to REITs and each would likely lose its REIT status. The taxable mortgage pool rules may
increase the taxes that we or our stockholders incur and may limit the manner in which we conduct securitizations. We may make
investments in entities that own or are deemed to be taxable mortgage pools. Similarly, if we securitize mortgages, certain of our securitizations could be considered to result in the creation of taxable mortgage pools for federal income tax
purposes. As a REIT, provided that we own 100 of the equity interests in a taxable mortgage pool, we generally would not be adversely affected by the characterization of the securitization as a taxable mortgage pool. Certain categories of
stockholders, however, such as foreign stockholders eligible for treaty or other benefits, stockholders with net operating losses, and certain tax-exempt stockholders that are subject to unrelated business income tax, could be subject to increased
taxes on a portion of their dividend income from us that is attributable to the taxable mortgage pool, which, in the case of foreign stockholders, may be imposed as a withholding tax obligation on us. In addition, to the extent that our stock is
owned by tax-exempt disqualified organizations, such as certain government-related entities and charitable remainder trusts that are not subject to tax on unrelated business income, we will incur a corporate-level tax on a portion of our
income from the taxable mortgage pool. In that case, we are authorized to reduce and intend to reduce the amount of our distributions to any disqualified organization whose stock ownership gave rise to the tax. Moreover, we would be precluded from
selling equity interests in these securitizations to outside investors, or selling any debt securities issued in connection with these securitizations that might be considered to be equity interests for federal income tax purposes. These limitations
may prevent us from using certain techniques to maximize our returns from securitization transactions. Stockholders may have tax
liability on distributions that they elect to reinvest in our common stock. Stockholders that participate in our distribution
reinvestment plan will be deemed to have received, and for income tax purposes will be taxed on, the fair market value of the share of our common stock that they receive in lieu of cash distributions. As a result, unless the stockholder is a
tax-exempt entity, he or she will have to use funds from other sources to pay his or her tax liability. In certain circumstances, we
may be subject to federal, state and local income taxes as a REIT, which would reduce our cash available to pay distributions. Even if
we qualify and maintain our status as a REIT, we may become subject to federal, state and local income taxes. For example: 

We will be subject to tax on any undistributed income. We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which
distributions we pay in any calendar year plus amounts 
 -22-

retained for which federal income tax was paid are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our capital gain net income and 100 of our undistributed income from prior years.

If we have net income from the sale of foreclosure property that we hold primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business or other
non-qualifying income from foreclosure property, we must pay a tax on that income at the highest corporate income tax rate. 

If we sell a property, other than foreclosure property, that we hold primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, our gain would
be subject to the 100 prohibited transaction tax. 

We will be subject to a 100 penalty tax on certain amounts if the economic arrangements of our tenants, our taxable REIT subsidiaries and us are not
comparable to similar arrangements among unrelated parties. Certain equity participation in mortgage loans may result
in taxable income and gains from these properties, which could adversely impact our REIT status. If we participate under a mortgage
loan in any appreciation of the properties securing the mortgage loan or its cash flow and the Internal Revenue Service characterizes this participation as equity, we might have to recognize income, gains and other items from the
property. This could affect our ability to maintain our status as a REIT. Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to
hedge effectively. The REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code may limit our ability to hedge the risks inherent to our
operations. Under current law, any income that we generate from derivatives or other transactions intended to hedge our interest rate risk generally will not constitute gross income for purposes of the 75 and 95 income requirements applicable to
REITs. In addition, any income from other hedging transactions would generally not constitute gross income for purposes of both the 75 and 95 income tests. However, we may have to limit the use of hedging techniques that might otherwise be
advantageous, which could result in greater risks associated with interest rate or other changes than we would otherwise incur. 
 Legislative or regulatory action could adversely affect investors. Changes to the tax laws are likely to occur, and these changes may adversely affect the taxation of a stockholder. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on an investment in our shares or on the
market value or the resale potential of our assets. You are urged to consult with your own tax advisor with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in
our shares. The maximum tax rate on qualified dividends paid by corporations to individuals is 15 through 2012. REIT dividends, however,
generally do not constitute qualified dividends and consequently are not eligible for favorable capital gains tax rates. Therefore, our stockholders will pay federal income tax on our dividends (other than capital gains dividends, dividends
designated as qualified dividends (generally, qualified dividend income received by us from a taxable REIT subsidiary or other corporate investment or previously taxable to us in a prior year as undistributed income) or distributions which represent
a return of capital or in excess of tax basis for tax purposes) at the applicable ordinary income rate, the maximum of which is 35 through 2012. However, as a REIT, we generally would not be subject to federal or state corporate income
taxes on that portion of our ordinary income or capital gain that we distribute currently to our stockholders, and we thus expect to avoid the double taxation to which other corporations are typically subject. 
 Future legislation might result in a REIT having fewer tax advantages, and it could become more advantageous for a company that invests in real estate to
elect to be taxed, for federal income tax purposes, as a corporation. As 
 -23-

a result, our charter provides our board of directors with the power, under certain circumstances, to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election and cause us to be taxed as a corporation,
without the vote of our stockholders. Our board of directors has fiduciary duties to us and our stockholders and could only cause changes in our tax treatment if it determines in good faith that such changes are in the best interest of our
stockholders. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties General We own interests in retail, office, industrial, multi-family and lodging
properties. As of December 31, 2010, we, directly or indirectly, including through joint ventures in which we have a controlling interest, owned an interest in 881 properties, excluding our lodging and development properties, located in 35
states and the District of Columbia. In addition, we, through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Inland American Winston Hotels, Inc., Inland American Orchard Hotels, Inc., Inland American Urban Hotels, Inc., and Inland American Lodging Corporation, own
99 lodging properties in 25 states and the District of Columbia. The following table sets forth information regarding the 10 individual
tenants comprising the greatest 2010 annualized base rent based on the properties owned as of December 31, 2010 excluding our lodging and development properties. (Dollar amounts stated in thousands, except for revenue per available room and
average daily rate). 

Tenant Name 
 
 Type 
 
 Annualized Base Rental Income ) 

of Total Portfolio Annualized Income 

Square Footage 

of Total Portfolio Square Footage 

SunTrust Bank 
 
 Retail/Office 

54,589 

8.59 

2,269,901 

4.06 

AT T, Inc. 
 
 Office 

45,525 

7.16 

3,545,004 

6.35 

Citizens Banks 
 
 Retail 

20,326 

3.20 

986,378 

1.77 

Sanofi-Aventis 
 
 Office 

16,073 

2.53 

736,572 

1.32 

United Healthcare Services 
 
 Office 

15,920 

2.51 

1,210,670 

2.17 

C S Wholesalers 
 
 Industrial/Distribution 

14,886 

2.34 

3,031,295 

5.43 

Atlas Cold Storage 
 
 Industrial/Distribution 

12,974 

2.04 

1,896,815 

3.40 

Stop N Shop 
 
 Retail 

10,195 

1.60 

601,652 

1.08 

Cornell Corrections 
 
 Industrial/Distribution 

10,024 

1.58 

301,029 

0.54 

Lockheed Martin Corporation 
 
 Office 

9,854 

1.55 

342,516 

0.61 
 The following tables set forth certain
summary information about the character of the properties that we owned at December 31, 2010. Certain of the Company s properties are encumbered by mortgages, totaling 5,462,124, and additional detail can be found on Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation. (Dollar amounts stated in thousands, except for revenue per available room, average daily rate and average rent per square foot). Retail Segment Our retail segment consists of 735 properties. Our retail segment is
centered on multi-tenant properties with fewer than 120,000 square feet of total space, located in stable communities, primarily in the southwest and southeast regions of the country. Our retail tenants are largely necessity-based retailers such as
grocery, pharmacy, moderate-fashion shoes and clothing, and services such as banking and are located in the following types of retail centers: 

The majority of our single tenant retail properties are bank branches operated by SunTrust Bank or Citizens Bank. The bank branches typically offer a
wide range of face-to-face or automated banking services to its customers. Typically, these tenants pay rents with contractual increases over time and bear virtually all expenses associated with operating the facility. 
 -24-

Community or neighborhood centers are generally unenclosed and designed for tenants that offer a larger array of apparel and other soft goods.
Typically, these centers contain anchor stores and other national retail tenants. Our neighborhood shopping centers are generally straight-line strip center with a grocery store anchor, a drugstore, and other small retailers. Tenants of these
centers typically offer necessity-based products. 

Power centers consist of several freestanding or unconnected anchors, such as department stores, off-price stores, warehouse clubs or stores that offer
a large selection of merchandise. Typically, the number of specialty tenants is limited. 

Retail Properties 
 
 Number of Properties 

Total Gross Leasable Area 

of Financial Occupancy as of December 31, 2010 

Total # of Financially Active Leases as of December 31, 2010 

Sum of Annualized Rent ) 

Average of Rent PSF ) 

Single Tenant 

598 

3,948,210 

99 

598 

86,297,139 

22.14 

Community Neighborhood Center 

88 

7,793,466 

90 

1,226 

97,774,956 

13.90 

Power Center 

49 

9,907,845 

93 

965 

119,069,632 

12.97 

735 

21,649,521 

93 

2,789 

303,141,727 

15.07 
 Lodging Segment 
 Lodging facilities have characteristics different from those found in office, retail, industrial, and multi-family properties (also known as
 traditional asset classes ). Revenue, operating expenses, and net income are directly tied to the daily hotel sales operation whereas other traditional asset classes generate revenue from medium to long-term lease contracts. In this way,
net operating income is somewhat more predictable among the properties in the other traditional asset classes, though we believe that opportunities to increase revenue are, in many cases, limited because of the duration of the existing lease
contracts. We believe lodging facilities have the benefit of capturing increased revenue opportunities on a daily or weekly basis but are also subject to immediate decreases in revenue as a result of declines in daily rental rates and/or daily
occupancy when demand falls off quickly. Due to seasonality, we expect our revenues to be greater during the second and third quarters with lower revenues in the first and fourth quarters. Two practices are common in the lodging industry: 1) association with national franchise organizations and 2) professional management by specialized third-party hotel managers. Our portfolio consists of
assets aligned with what we believe are the top franchise enterprises in the lodging industry: Marriott, Hilton, Intercontinental, Hyatt, Wyndham, and Choice Hotels. By doing so, we believe our lodging operations benefit from enhanced advertising,
marketing, and sales programs through a franchise arrangement while the franchisee (in this case us) pays only a fraction of the overall cost for these programs. We believe effective TV, radio, print, on-line, and other forms of advertisement are
necessary to draw customers to our lodging facilities creating higher occupancy and rental rates, and increased revenue. Additionally, by using the franchise system we are also able to benefit from the frequent traveler rewards programs or
 point awards systems which we believe further bolsters occupancy and overall daily rental rates. 

Lodging Properties 
 
 Number of Properties 

Number of Rooms 

Average Occupancy for the
Year ended December 31, 2010 

Average Revenue Per Available Room for the Year ended December 31, 2010 ) 

Average Daily Rate for the Year 2010 ) 

Marriot 

53 

7,933 

68 

77 

113 

Hilton 

38 

5,759 

71 

82 

115 

Other 

8 

1,688 

67 

72 

108 

99 

15,380 

69 

78 

113 
 
 -25-

Office Segment Our investments in office properties largely represent assets leased and occupied to either a diverse group of tenants or to single tenants that fully occupy the space leased. Examples of our multi-tenant
properties include the IDS Center located in the central business district of Minneapolis, and Dulles Executive Plaza and Worldgate Plaza, both located in metropolitan Washington D.C. catering to high-technology companies and federal government
contractors. Examples of our single tenant properties include three buildings leased and occupied by AT T and located in three distinct US office markets Chicago, St. Louis, and Cleveland. In addition, our single tenant office portfolio
includes bank branch properties leased on a net basis to SunTrust, with the leased locations located in the east and southeast regions of the country. 

Office Properties 
 
 Number of Properties 

Total Gross Leasable Area 

of Financial Occupancy as of December 31, 2010 

Total # of Financially Active Leases as of December 31, 2010 

Sum of Annualized Rent ) 

Average of Rent PSF ) 

Single-Tenant 

34 

7,732,456 

97 

34 

103,536,391 

13.86 

Multi-Tenant 

13 

2,880,023 

85 

242 

50,196,873 

20.59 

47 

10,612,479 

93 

276 

153,733,264 

15.52 
 Industrial Segment 
 Our industrial segment is comprised of four types of properties: Charter Schools, Correctional Facilities, Distribution Centers and Specialty Distribution
Centers. Our distribution centers are warehouses or other specialized buildings which stock products to be distributed to retailers, wholesalers or directly to consumers. These properties are located in what we believe are active and sought-after
industrial markets, including the Memphis, Tennessee Airport market and the O Hare Airport market of Chicago, Illinois, commonly one of the largest industrial markets in the world. The specialty distribution centers consist of refrigeration or
air conditioned buildings in various locations across the country. The charter schools and correctional facilities consist of nine properties
under long-term triple net leases. 

Industrial Properties 
 
 Number of Properties 

Total Gross Leasable Area 

of Financial Occupancy as of December 31, 2010 

Total # of Financially Active Leases as of December 31, 2010 

Sum of Annualized Rent ) 

Average of Rent PSF ) 

Distribution Center 

52 

13,304,881 

94 

59 

55,120,140 

4.42 

Specialty Distribution Center 

11 

1,896,815 

100 

11 

12,974,321 

6.84 

Charter Schools 

7 

300,301 

100 

7 

6,423,512 

21.39 

Correctional Facility 

2 

457,345 

100 

2 

12,131,102 

26.53 

72 

15,959,342 

95 

79 

86,649,075 

5.73 
 Multi-Family Segment
 The multi-family portfolio consists of conventional apartments and student housing. Our conventional apartment properties are upscale with
resident amenities such as business centers, fitness centers, swimming pools, landscaped grounds and clubhouse facilities. The apartment homes are typically three-story walk-up buildings offering one, two and three bedroom apartments and are leased
on per unit basis. Our student-housing portfolio consists of residential and mixed-use communities close to university campuses and in urban infill locations. Student-housing facilities are leased on a per bed basis rather than per unit. These eight
properties were constructed between mid-2007 and 2010. 

Multi-family Properties 
 
 Number of Properties 

Total Gross Leasable Area 

of Financial Occupancy as of December 31, 2010 

Total # of Units/ Beds Occupied 

Rent per Unit/ Bed ) 

Conventional 

19 

5,982,271 

91 

5,754 

919.21 

Student-Housing 

8 

1,650,643 

87 

3,055 

775.88 

27 

7,632,914 

90 

8,809 

869.50 
 
 -26-

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Contemporaneous with the Company s merger with Winston Hotels, Inc., its wholly-owned subsidiary, Inland American Winston Hotels, Inc., referred to
herein as Inland American Winston, WINN Limited Partnership, or WINN, and Crockett Capital Corporation, or Crockett, memorialized in a development memorandum their intentions to subsequently negotiate and enter
into a series of contracts to develop certain hotel properties, including without limitation a Westin Hotel in Durham, North Carolina, a Hampton Inn Suites/Aloft Hotel in Raleigh, North Carolina, an Aloft Hotel in Chapel Hill, North
Carolina and an Aloft Hotel in Cary, North Carolina (collectively referred to herein as the development hotels ). On March 6,
2008, Crockett filed an amended complaint in the General Court of Justice of the State of North Carolina against Inland American Winston and WINN. The amended complaint alleges that the development memorandum reflecting the parties intentions
regarding the development hotels was instead an agreement that legally bound the parties. The amended complaint further claims that Inland American Winston and WINN breached the terms of the alleged agreement by failing to take certain actions to
develop the Cary, North Carolina hotel and by refusing to convey their rights in the three other development hotels to Crockett. The amended complaint seeks, among other things, monetary damages in an amount not less than 4.8 million with respect
to the Cary, North Carolina property. With respect to the remaining three development hotels, the amended complaint seeks specific performance in the form of an order directing Inland American Winston and WINN to transfer their rights in the hotels
to Crockett or, alternatively, monetary damages in an amount not less than 20.1 million. Inland American Winston and WINN deny these claims and, on March 26, 2008, filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On March 13, 2009, the
court denied the motion to dismiss. Inland American Winston and WINN have filed answers and affirmative defenses to the amended complaint as well as counter claims against Crockett. Contemporaneously with the close of fact discovery, Crockett sought
leave to amend its complaint to add another cause of action and to seek treble damages and attorneys fees, which was granted. Expert discovery has been completed. Based upon an expert report recently received from Crockett, it was originally
believed that Crockett s maximum claim, without the inclusion of treble damages or attorneys fees, was approximately 16.8 million. On February 28, 2011, the Court ruled on cross motions for summary judgment, which were filed by the
parties. The result of the ruling on the cross motions is that certain claims against WINN by Crockett were dismissed, including the treble damages claim and claims relating to two of the hotel properties at issue. Most of the WINN s
counter-claims against Crockett were also dismissed as a result of the ruling. Based upon the expert report referenced above, it is now believed that the maximum claim against WINN is approximately 7.0 million exclusive of any claimed interest.
WINN believes a trial on these remaining claims will likely take place by the end of 2011. The outcome of this lawsuit cannot be predicted with any certainty and management is currently unable to estimate an amount or range of potential loss that
could result if an unfavorable outcome occurs. While management does not believe that an adverse outcome in the above lawsuit would have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, there can be no assurance that an adverse outcome would not have a material effect on the results of operations for any particular period. We have also filed a number of eviction actions against tenants and are involved in a number of tenant bankruptcies. The tenants in some of the eviction cases may file counterclaims against us in an
attempt to gain leverage against us in connection with the eviction. In our opinion, none of these counterclaims is likely to result in any material losses. Item 4. Reserved. 
 -27-

PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information While there is no
public trading market for the common stock, we established an estimated value per share of our common stock equal to 8.03 as of September 21, 2010. We intend on estimating our value per share on an annual basis. 
 We estimated the per share value of our common stock to assist those broker-dealers that sold our common stock in our initial and follow-on best
efforts offerings to comply with the rules published by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and to assist fiduciaries of retirement plans subject to annual reporting requirements of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), in the preparation of their reports. Specifically, FINRA requires registered broker-dealers to disclose in a customer s account statement an estimated value for a REIT s securities if
the annual report of that REIT discloses a per share estimated value. The FINRA rules prohibit broker-dealers from using a per share estimated value developed from data that is more than eighteen months old, which in effect prohibits the
broker-dealers from using a per share offering price from an issuer s last best efforts offering for more than eighteen months after the termination of that offering. Our last best efforts offering was terminated on
April 6, 2009. The FINRA rules provide no guidance regarding the methodology a REIT must use to determine its estimated value per share.
As with any valuation methodology, our methodology is based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that may prove later to be inaccurate or incomplete. Further, different parties using different assumptions and estimates could derive a different
estimated value per share, which could be significantly different from our estimated value per share. The estimated per share value established by us represents neither the fair value according to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (or
 GAAP of our assets less liabilities, nor the amount our shares would trade at on a national securities exchange or the amount a stockholder would obtain if he or she tried to sell his or her shares or if we liquidated our assets.
 Share Repurchase Program We
adopted a share repurchase program, effective August 31, 2005, to provide limited liquidity for stockholders. Our obligation to repurchase any shares under the program was conditioned upon our having sufficient funds available to complete the
repurchase. Subject to funds being available, we limited the number of shares repurchased during any consecutive twelve month period to 5.0 of the number of outstanding shares of common stock at the beginning of that twelve month period. Effective
March 30, 2009, our board of directors voted to suspend the share repurchase program until further notice. Therefore, no shares were repurchased during 2010. Written notice of the suspension was provided to each stockholder pursuant to the
terms of the share repurchase program. Stockholders As of March 1, 2011, we had 187,356 stockholders of record. Distributions
 We have been paying monthly cash distributions since October 2005. During the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, we declared
cash distributions, which are paid monthly to stockholders, totaling 417.9 million and 405.3 million, respectively, or .50 and .50 per share on an annualized basis. For federal income tax purposes for the years ended December 31, 2010 and
2009, 66 and 72 of the distributions paid constituted a return of capital in the applicable year. 
 -28-

We intend to continue paying regular monthly cash distributions to our stockholders. However, there are many
factors that can affect the availability and timing of cash distributions to stockholders. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue paying distributions at the current level or that the amount of distributions will increase, or not
decrease further, over time. Even if we are able to continue paying distributions, the actual amount and timing of distributions is determined by our board of directors in its discretion and typically depends on the amount of funds available for
distribution, which depends on items such as current and projected cash requirements and tax considerations. As a result, our distribution rate and payment frequency may vary from time to time. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The following table provides information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2010. Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of
outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future
issuance under equity compensation plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

Independent Director Stock Option Plan 

32,000 

9.05 

43,000 

Total: 

32,000 

9.05 

43,000 

We have adopted an Independent Director Stock Option Plan, as amended, which, subject to certain conditions, provides for
the grant to each independent director of an option to purchase 3,000 shares following their becoming a director and for the grant of additional options to purchase 500 shares on the date of each annual stockholder s meeting. The options for
the initial 3,000 shares are exercisable as follows: 1,000 shares on the date of grant and 1,000 shares on each of the first and second anniversaries of the date of grant. All other options are exercisable on the second anniversary of the date of
grant. The exercise price for all options is equal to the fair value of our shares, as defined in the plan, on the date of each grant. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 -29-

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 The following table shows our consolidated selected financial data relating to our consolidated historical financial condition and results of operations.
Such selected data should be read in conjunction with Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere
in this report (dollar amounts are stated in thousands, except per share amounts.) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Total assets 

11,391,502 

11,328,211 

11,136,866 

8,114,714 

3,040,037 

Mortgages, notes and margins payable 

5,532,057 

5,085,899 

4,437,997 

3,028,647 

1,107,113 

Total income 

1,231,735 

1,096,777 

1,006,751 

469,334 

123,202 

Total interest and dividend income 

33,040 

55,173 

81,274 

84,271 

22,164 

Net income (loss) attributable to Company 

(176,431) 

(397,960) 

(365,178) 

54,078 

1,896 

Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted (a) 

(0.21) 

(0.49) 

(0.54) 

0.14 

0.03 

Distributions declared to common stockholders 

417,885 

405,337 

418,694 

242,606 

41,178 

Distributions per weighted average common share (a) 

0.50 

0.51 

0.62 

0.61 

0.60 

Funds from operations (a)(b) 

252,592 

35,820 

6,350 

234,215 

48,088 

Cash flows provided by operating activities 

356,660 

369,031 

384,365 

263,420 

65,883 

Cash flows used in investing activities 

(380,685) 

(563,163) 

(2,484,825) 

(4,873,404) 

(1,552,014) 
 
 Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 

(208,759) 

(250,602) 

2,636,325 

4,716,852 

1,751,494 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

835,131,057 

811,400,035 

675,320,438 

396,752,280 

68,374,350 

(a) 
 The net income (loss) per share basic and diluted is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2010,
2009, and 2008, respectively. The distributions per common share are based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. See Footnote (b) below for information regarding
our calculation of FFO. Our distributions of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes are taxable to stockholders as ordinary income; however in 2005 we had a tax loss which resulted in distributions paid
during that period being treated as a return of capital for tax purposes. Distributions in excess of these earnings and profits generally are treated as a non-taxable reduction of the stockholder s basis in the shares to the extent thereof, and
thereafter as taxable gain for tax purposes. Distributions in excess of earnings and profits have the effect of deferring taxation of the amount of the distributions until the sale of the stockholder s shares, only to the extent of a
shareholder s basis. For the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, 275,803, 296,491 and 194,239 (or approximately 66 , 72 , and 48 of the 416,935, 411,797 and 405,925 distributions paid in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively)
represented a return of capital. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must make annual distributions to stockholders of at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, subject to certain adjustments, such as excluding net capital gains.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to make distributions in excess of cash available for distribution in order to meet the REIT distribution requirements. 

(b) 
 Cash generated from operations is not equivalent to our net income as determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. Due to
certain unique operating characteristics of real estate companies, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT, an industry trade group, has promulgated a standard known as Funds from Operations , or
 FFO , which it believes more accurately reflects the operating performance of a REIT such as us. As defined by NAREIT, FFO means net income computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property, plus
 
 -30-

depreciation and amortization on real property and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures in which the Company holds an interest. FFO is not intended to be an
alternative to Net Income as an indicator of our performance nor to Cash Flows from Operating Activities as determined by GAAP as a measure of our capacity to pay distributions. We believe that FFO is a better measure of our
operating performance because FFO excludes non-cash items from GAAP net income. This allows us to compare our property performance to our investment objectives. Management uses the calculation of FFO for several reasons. We use FFO to compare our
performance to that of other REITs. Additionally, we use FFO in conjunction with our acquisition policy to determine investment capitalization strategy. FFO is calculated as follows (in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Net loss attributable to common shares 

(176,431) 

(397,960) 

(365,178) 
 
 Add: 
 
 Depreciation and amortization: 

Related to investment properties 

443,100 

394,995 

320,402 

Related to investment in unconsolidated entities, net of related gains on sale of real estate 

43,845 

41,300 

53,761 

Less: 
 
 Gain on sale of properties 

55,412 

Noncontrolling interests share: 

Depreciation and amortization related to investment properties 

2,510 

2,515 

2,635 

Funds from operations 

252,592 

35,820 

6,350 

Below is additional information related to certain items that significantly impact the comparability of our Funds from
Operations and Net Loss from the periods presented: 

Year ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Additions (deductions) that were included in net income and FFO 

Provision for asset impairment 

(46,584) 

(1,117) 

Provision for asset impairment included in discontinued operations 

(945) 

(32,934) 

(33,809) 
 
 Provision for goodwill impairment 

(26,676) 

(11,199) 
 
 Impairment of notes receivable 

(111,896) 

(74,136) 

Gain (loss) on consolidated investment 

433 

(148,887) 

Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities 

(18,684) 

(78,487) 

(46,108) 
 
 Impairment of investment in unconsolidated entities 

(11,239) 

(7,443) 

(61,993) 
 
 Realized gain (loss) and impairment on securities, net 

21,073 

34,155 

(262,105) 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt (included in discontinued operations 19,227, 0, and 0) 

19,227 

7,760 

Acquisition Costs 

(1,805) 

(9,617) 

(9,171) Acquisition costs of 2,669 were
capitalized in accordance with accounting guidance effective in 2008. 
 -31-

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations Certain statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations and elsewhere in this Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not
historical, including statements regarding management s intentions, beliefs, expectations, representations, plans or predictions of the future and are typically identified by words such as believe, expect, 
 anticipate, intend, estimate, may, will, should and could. Similarly, statements that describe or contain information related to matters such as management s
intent, belief or expectation with respect to the Company s financial performance, investment strategy and portfolio, cash flows, growth prospects, legal proceedings, amount and timing of anticipated future cash distributions, and other matters
are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but are the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company s management based on their knowledge and understanding of the business and industry,
the economy and other future conditions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and stockholders should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or
forecasted in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors, including but not limited to the factors listed and described under Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . These factors
include, but are not limited to: market and economic volatility experienced by the U.S. economy or real estate industry as a whole, and the local economic conditions in the markets in which the Company s properties are located; the
Company s ability to refinance maturing debt or to obtain new financing on attractive terms; the availability of cash flow from operating activities to fund distributions; future increases in interest rates; and actions or failures by the
Company s joint venture partners, including development partners. The Company intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results.
 The following discussion and analysis relates to the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 and as of December 31, 2010
and 2009. You should read the following discussion and analysis along with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes included in this report. Overview We seek to invest in real estate assets that we believe will produce attractive
current yields and long-term risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders and to generate sustainable cash flow from our operations to fund distributions to our stockholders. To achieve these objectives, we selectively acquire and actively manage,
through affiliates of our business manager, investments in commercial real estate. Our property managers for our non-lodging properties actively seek to lease space at favorable rates, control expenses, and maintain strong tenant relationships. We
oversee the management of our lodging facilities through active engagement with our third party managers and franchisors to maximize occupancy and daily rates as well as control expenses. On a consolidated basis, essentially all of our revenues and cash flows from operations for the year ended December 31, 2010 were generated by collecting rental payments from our tenants, room
revenues from lodging properties, interest income on our notes receivable investments, distributions from unconsolidated entities and dividend income earned from investments in marketable securities. Our largest cash expense relates to the operation
of our properties as well as the interest expense on our mortgages and notes payable. Our property operating expenses include, but are not limited to, real estate taxes, regular repair and maintenance, management fees, utilities and insurance (some
of which are recoverable). Our lodging operating expenses include, but are not limited to, rooms, food and beverage, utility, administrative and marketing, payroll, franchise and management fees and repairs and maintenance expenses. 
 -32-

In evaluating our financial condition and operating performance, management focuses on the following
financial and non-financial indicators, discussed in further detail herein: 

Funds from Operations FFO ), a supplemental measure to net income determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles GAAP ). 

Economic and physical occupancy and rental rates. 

Leasing activity and lease rollover. 

Managing operating expenses 

Average daily room rate, revenue per available room, and average occupancy to measure our lodging properties. 

Debt maturities and leverage ratios. 

Liquidity levels. 
 Results of Operations General
 Consolidated Results of Operations This section describes and compares our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. We generate most of our net operating income from property operations. In order to
evaluate our overall portfolio, management analyzes the operating performance of all properties from period to period and properties we have owned and operated for the same period during each year. A total of 896 and 716 of our investment properties
satisfied the criteria of being owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009 and December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, and are referred to herein as same store properties. This analysis allows management to
monitor the operations of our existing properties for comparable periods. Additionally, we are able to determine the effects of our new acquisitions on net income. Unless otherwise noted, all dollar amounts are stated in thousands (except per share
amounts, per square foot amounts, revenue per available room and average daily rate). Comparison of the years ended December 31,
2010 and December 31, 2009 

Year ended December 31, 
2010 

Year
ended December 31, 2009 

Net loss attributable to the Company 

(176,431) 

(397,960) 
 
 Net loss per share 

(.21) 

(.49) Net loss decreased from (397,960) or
 (.49) per share for the year ended December 31, 2009 to (176,431) or (.21) per share for the year ended December 31, 2010. The primary reason for the difference was the loss on consolidated investment of 148,887 in 2009 compared to a
gain on consolidated investment of 433 in 2010 and equity in losses of unconsolidated entities of 78,487 in 2009 compared to losses of 18,684 in 2010, as well as gains on sale of properties of 55,412 in 2010. This decrease was offset by the
asset related impairments of 159,425 in 2010 compared to 134,863 in 2009. Rental Income, Tenant Recovery Income, Lodging Income and
Other Property Income . Except for our lodging and multi-family properties, the majority of the revenue from the properties consists of rents received under long-term operating leases. Some leases provide for the payment of fixed base rent
paid monthly in advance, and for the reimbursement by tenants of the tenant s pro rata share of certain operating expenses including real estate taxes, special assessments, insurance, utilities, common area maintenance, management fees, and
certain building repairs paid by the landlord and recoverable under the terms of the lease. Under these leases, we pay all expenses and are reimbursed by the tenant for the tenant s pro rata share of recoverable expenses. Certain other tenants
are subject to net leases which require the tenant to be responsible for fixed base rent as well as all costs and expenses associated with
occupancy. Under net leases, where all expenses are paid directly by the tenant, 
 -33-

expenses are not included in the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. Under leases where all expenses are paid by us, subject to reimbursement by the tenant, the
expenses are included within property operating expenses, and reimbursements are included in tenant recovery income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 Rental income consists of basic monthly rent, straight-line rent adjustments, amortization of acquired above and below market leases, fee income, and
percentage rental income recorded pursuant to tenant leases. Tenant recovery income consists of reimbursements for real estate taxes, common area maintenance costs, management fees, and insurance costs. Lodging income consists of room revenues, food
and beverage revenues, telephone revenues and miscellaneous revenues. Other property income consists of lease termination fees and other miscellaneous property income. Our lodging properties generate revenue through sales of rooms and associated food and beverage services. We measure our financial performance by revenue generated per available room known as RevPAR,
which is an operational measure commonly used in the hotel industry to evaluate hotel performance. RevPAR represents the product of the average daily room rate charged and the average daily occupancy achieved but excludes other revenue generated by
a hotel property, such as food and beverage, parking, telephone and other guest service revenues. Below is a summary of sources of revenue
for years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009. 

Year ended December 31, 2010 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

2010 Increase (decrease) from 2009 

Property rentals 

606,761 

515,988 

90,773 

Straight-line rents 

17,705 

16,965 

740 

Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 

434 

1,688 

(1,254) 

Total rental income 

624,900 

534,641 

90,259 

Tenant recoveries 

93,927 

83,979 

9,948 

Other income 

17,323 

18,433 

(1,110) 
 
 Lodging operating income 

495,585 

459,724 

35,861 

Total property revenues 

1,231,735 

1,096,777 

134,958 

Total property revenues increased 134,958 for the year ended December 31, 2010 over the prior year. The increase in
property revenues in 2010 was due primarily to a full year of operations reflected in 2010 for properties acquired during 2009 in addition to 2010 additions of 28 properties. The increase in lodging revenue in 2010 is the result of occupancy
increases across the lodging segment. Property Operating Expenses and Real Estate Taxes . Property operating expenses for
properties other than lodging properties consist of property management fees paid to property managers including affiliates of our sponsor and operating expenses, including costs of owning and maintaining investment properties, real estate taxes,
insurance, utilities, maintenance to the exterior of the buildings and the parking lots. Lodging operating expenses include the room, food and beverage, payroll, utilities, any fees paid to our third party operators, insurance, marketing, and other
expenses required to maintain and operate our lodging facilities. 

Year ended December 31, 2010 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

2010 Increase from 2009 

Property operating expenses 

136,353 

111,323 

25,030 

Lodging operating expenses 

316,757 

291,610 

25,147 

Real estate taxes 

91,575 

84,044 

7,531 

Total property expenses 

544,685 

486,977 

57,708 

-34-

Total property operating expenses increased 57,708 for the year ended December 31, 2010 compared to
the year ended December 31, 2009 due to the effect of operations of the additional 28 properties acquired after December 31, 2009 as well as the full year impact of 2009 acquisitions. Lodging operating expenses increased due to increases
in occupancy across the lodging segment. Other Income and Expenses Interest and Dividend Income and Realized Gain (Loss) on Securities . Interest income consists of interest earned on short term investments and notes receivable. Dividends are earned from
investments in our portfolio of marketable securities. 

Year ended December 31, 2010 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

2010 Increase (decrease) from 2009 

Interest Income 

14,654 

37,196 

(22,542) 
 
 Dividend Income 

18,386 

17,977 

409 

Total 

33,040 

55,173 

(22,133) 

Realized gain (loss) on investment securities 

22,929 

38,193 

(15,264) 
 
 Other than temporary impairments 

(1,856) 

(4,038) 

2,182 

Total 

21,073 

34,155 

(13,082) 

Interest income was 14,654 and 37,196 for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Interest income
is earned on our cash balances and notes receivable. Our notes receivable balance of 54,047 as of December 31, 2010 consisted of
installment notes from unrelated parties that mature on various dates through December 2013. The notes are secured by mortgages on land, shopping centers and lodging facilities. Interest only is due each month at rates ranging from 5.85 to
9.5 per annum. For the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, we recorded interest income from notes receivable of 13,690 and 26,355, respectively. In addition, we recognized discount amortization income on our note receivable of 0
and 8,107 in December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. See Notes Receivable section in Liquidity and Capital Resources for more discussion. Other operating expenses are summarized as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 2010 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

2010 Increase (decrease) from 2009 

Depreciation and amortization 

432,081 

384,764 

47,317 

Interest expense 

293,507 

248,267 

45,240 

General and administrative (1) 

36,668 

43,499 

(6,831) 
 
 Business manager fee 

36,000 

39,000 

(3,000) 

798,256 

715,530 

82,726 

(1) 
 Includes expenses paid to affiliates of our sponsor as described below. Depreciation and amortization . The 47,317 increase in depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2010 relative to the year ended December 31, 2009 was
due substantially to the impact of the properties acquired during 2009 and 2010. 
 -35-

Interest expense. A summary of interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2010 and
2009 appears below: 

Year ended December 31, 2010 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

2010 Increase from 2009 

Debt Type 

Margin and other interest expense 

20,382 

15,525 

4,857 

Mortgages 

273,125 

232,742 

40,383 

Total 

293,507 

248,267 

45,240 

The 45,240 increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2010 as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2009 was primarily due to mortgage debt financings during 2010 which increased to 5,508,668 from 5,056,398. Our average interest rate on outstanding debt was 5.1 per annum and 4.9 per annum as of December 31,
2010 and 2009, respectively. Variable debt comprises 29 of our overall outstanding debt, which has caused us to experience a lower overall
weighted average interest rate in 2009 and 2010 due to the decline in London InterBank Offered Rate LIBOR ). If LIBOR increases, we will experience higher weighted average interest rates, which would impact our financial results.
 General and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses primarily consist of legal, audit and other
professional fees, acquisition related expenses, insurance, board of director fees, state and local taxes as well as salary, information technology and other administrative cost reimbursements paid to our business manager and affiliates, and
investment advisor fees. Our expenses were 36,668 for the year ended December 31, 2010 and 43,499 for the year ended December 31, 2009. The decrease is due primarily to the slowdown in acquisition activity during 2010, reflected in
 1,805 and 9,617 of acquisition and transaction costs for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Business
Manager Fee . After our stockholders have received a non-cumulative, non-compounded return of 5 per annum on their invested capital, we pay our business manager an annual business management fee of up to 1 of the
 average invested assets, payable quarterly in an amount equal to 0.25 of the average invested assets as of the last day of the immediately preceding quarter. We incurred a business management fee equal to 36,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2010 or .32 of average invested assets, and the business manager waived the remaining 78,120 for the year ended December 31, 2010. We incurred a business management fee equal to 39,000 for the year ended December 31,
2009 or .38 of average invested assets, and the business manager waived the remaining 64,584 for the year ended December 31, 2009. Once we have satisfied the minimum return on invested capital described above, the amount of the actual fee
paid to the business manager is determined by the business manager up to the amount permitted by the agreement. There is no assurance that our business manager will continue to forego or defer all or a portion of its business management fee.
 Noncontrolling Interest . The noncontrolling interest represents the interests of the third parties in Minto Builders (Florida),
Inc. MB REIT and consolidated joint ventures managed by third parties. Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated
Entities . In 2010, we have equity in losses of unconsolidated entities of 18,684. This is a decrease of 59,803 from last year s equity in losses of unconsolidated entities of 78,487 as of December 31, 2009, which is mainly due
to significant losses incurred and impairments recorded by our Concord Debt joint venture in 2009, of which our portion was 75,787, offset by impairment in the D.R. Stephens joint venture, of which our portion was 10,710 for the year ended
December 31, 2010. Provision for Asset Impairment . For the year ended December 31, 2010, we recorded a provision for
asset impairment of 46,584 to reduce the book value of six of our investment properties to fair value; in addition, asset impairment of 945 related to two disposed properties is included in discontinued operations. For the year
 
 -36-

ended December 31, 2009, a provision of 1,117 was recorded for asset impairment related to six investment properties of which five were subsequently disposed and related impairment of
 32,934 is included in discontinued operations. Provision for Goodwill Impairment . For the year ended December 31, 2010,
we have recorded no impairment to our goodwill. We recorded impairment of 26,676 to our goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2009. The 2009 impairment was primarily due to the effect of the slowdown in the economy and its impact on the
property resulting in increases in capitalization and discount rates used in the fair value calculation. Impairment of Notes
Receivable . For the year ended December 31, 2010, we have recorded an impairment of notes receivable of 111,896. For the year ended December 31, 2009, we recorded an impairment of notes receivable of 74,136. Certain of our loans
have had declines in the fair value of the underlying collateral, which result in impairments of our loan receivable balance to the extent the collateral is valued below the loan book value. Impairment of Investment in Unconsolidated Entities . For the year ended December 31, 2010, we recorded an impairment of 11,239 on our investment in unconsolidated entities that
included the write-down of a retail development center and two hotel ventures of which one was sold in 2010. For the year ended December 31, 2009, we recorded an impairment of 7,443 on our investment in unconsolidated entities related to a
retail center and a lodging development venture. Discontinued Operations . For the year ended December 31, 2010, we
recorded income of 71,408 from discontinued operations, which includes gain on sale of properties of 55,412 a gain on extinguishment of debt of 19,227 and provision for asset impairment of 945. For the year ended December 31, 2009, we
recorded loss of 35,825 from discontinued operations, which includes a provision for asset impairment of 32,934. Segment Reporting
 An analysis of results of operations by segment is below. The tables contained throughout summarize certain key operating performance
measures for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009. Retail Segment 

Total Retail Properties 

As of December 31, 

2010 

2009 

Retail Properties 

Physical occupancy 

92 

92 

Economic occupancy 

93 

93 

Base rent per square foot 

15.07 

15.78 

Gross investment in properties 

4,152,846 

3,465,817 
 The following table represents lease
expirations for the retail segment: 

Lease Expiration Year 
 
 Number of Expiring Leases 

GLA of Expiring Leases (Sq. Ft.) 

Annualized Base Rent of Expiring Leases ) 

Percent of Total GLA 

Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent 

Expiring Rent/Square Foot 

2011 

361 

1,229,718 

18,249 

6.1 

5.7 

14.84 

2012 

453 

2,068,766 

36,877 

10.3 

11.5 

17.83 

2013 

326 

1,219,535 

20,298 

6.1 

6.4 

16.64 

2014 

265 

1,785,935 

25,539 

8.9 

8.0 

14.30 

2015 

316 

2,404,535 

29,915 

12.0 

9.4 

12.44 

Thereafter 

1,061 

11,384,019 

188,605 

56.6 

59.0 

16.57 

2,782 

20,092,508 

319,483 

100.0 

100.0 

15.90 
 
 -37-

Our retail business is not highly dependent on specific retailers or specific retail industries, which we
believe shields the portfolio from significant revenue variances over time. The occupancy rates above are as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 and they do not represent the average rate during that period. 
 Our retail business is centered on multi-tenant properties with fewer than 120,000 square feet of total space, located in stable communities, primarily
in the southwest and southeast regions of the country. Adding to this core investment profile is a select number of traditional mall properties and single-tenant properties. Among the single-tenant properties, the largest holdings are comprised of
investments in bank branches operated by SunTrust Bank and Citizens Bank, where the tenant-occupant pays rent with contractual increases over time, and bears virtually all expenses associated with operating the facility. 
 Our tenants largely consist of necessity-based retailers such as grocery, pharmacy, moderate-fashion shoes and clothing, and services. We have limited
exposure to retail categories such as books/music/video, big-box electronics, fast-food restaurants, new-concept, and other goods-providers, which we believe are being negatively impacted the greatest by the internet and existing economic
conditions. We have not experienced bankruptcies or receivable write-offs in our retail portfolio that have materially impacted our result of
operations in the economy or retail environment. However, we continue to actively monitor our retail tenants as a downturn in the economy could have negative impact on our tenants abilities to pay rent or our ability to fill space that is
currently vacant, or space that becomes vacant in the near future. Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2010 and
December 31, 2009 The table below represents operating information for the retail segment of 735 properties and for the same
store retail segment consisting of 687 properties acquired prior to January 1, 2009. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, respectively. 

Total Retail Segment 

Same Store Retail Segment 

2010 

2009 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

2010 

2009 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

Revenues: 

Rental income 

298,984 

243,299 

55,685 

211,221 

212,108 

(887) 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 

60,836 

50,045 

10,791 

39,283 

41,569 

(2,286) 
 
 Other property income 

5,329 

6,382 

(1,053) 

3,702 

6,174 

(2,472) 

Total revenues 

365,149 

299,726 

65,423 

254,206 

259,851 

(5,645) 

Expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

60,372 

47,984 

12,388 

39,056 

40,190 

(1,134) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

36,580 

30,502 

6,078 

25,234 

26,575 

(1,341) 

Total operating expenses 

96,952 

78,486 

18,466 

64,290 

66,765 

(2,475) 

Net operating income 

268,197 

221,240 

46,957 

189,916 

193,086 

(3,170) 

Average occupancy for the period 

93 

93 

93 

93 

Our retail segment s rental
revenues increased from 299,726 for the year ended December 31, 2009 to 365,149 for the year ended December 31, 2010 mainly due to the addition of 22 retail properties since January 1, 2010. Retail property operating expenses also
increased from 78,486 in 2009 to 96,952 in 2010 as a result of these additions. The primary reason for the decrease in revenue and net
property operations for the retail same store comparison is lower renewal rates in 2010 and lease termination income of 1,000 for 2010 compared to 3,000 for 2009. In addition, we saw a reduction in recoverable expenses for 2010 compared to 2009,
which affected both operating expenses and tenant recovery income. 
 -38-

Lodging Segment 

For the year ended December 31, 2010 

For the year ended December 31, 2009 

Lodging Properties 

Revenue per available room 

78 

76 

Average daily rate 

113 

117 

Occupancy 

69 

65 

Gross investment in properties 

2,856,899 

2,632,208 
 Lodging facilities have
characteristics different from those found in office, retail, industrial, and multi-family properties (also known as traditional asset classes ). Revenue, operating expenses, and net income are directly tied to the daily hotel sales
operation whereas other traditional asset classes generate revenue from medium to long-term lease contracts. In this way, net operating income is somewhat more predictable among the properties in the other traditional asset classes, though we
believe that opportunities to increase revenue are, in many cases, limited because of the duration of the existing lease contracts. We believe lodging facilities have the benefit of capturing increased revenue opportunities on a daily or weekly
basis but are also subject to immediate decreases in revenue as a result of declines in daily rental rates and/or daily occupancy when demand falls off quickly. Due to seasonality, we expect our revenues to be greater during the second and third
quarters with lower revenues in the first and fourth quarters. Two practices are common in the lodging industry: 1) association with national
franchise organizations and 2) professional management by specialized third-party hotel managers. Our portfolio consists of assets aligned with what we believe are the top franchise enterprises in the lodging industry: Marriott, Hilton,
Intercontinental, Hyatt, Wyndham, and Choice Hotels. By doing so, we believe our lodging operations benefit from enhanced advertising, marketing, and sales programs through a franchise arrangement while the franchisee (in this case us) pays only a
fraction of the overall cost for these programs. We believe effective TV, radio, print, on-line, and other forms of advertisement are necessary to draw customers to our lodging facilities, creating higher occupancy and rental rates, and increased
revenue. Additionally, by using the franchise system we are also able to benefit from the frequent traveler rewards programs or point awards systems which we believe further bolsters occupancy and overall daily rental rates. 
 Our lodging facilities are generally classified in the upscale or upper-upscale lodging categories. All of our lodging facilities are managed by
third-party managers with extensive experience and skill in hospitality operations. These third-party managers report to a dedicated, specialized group within our business manager that has, in our view, extensive expertise in lodging ownership and
operation within a REIT environment. This group has daily interaction with all third-party managers, and closely monitors all aspects of our lodging interests. Additionally, this group also maintains close relationships with the franchisors to
assure that each property maintains high levels of customer satisfaction, franchise conformity, and revenue-management. During 2009, the
hotel industry experienced declines in both occupancy levels and rental rates (better known as Average Daily Rate or ADR ). The downturn in performance affected all major segments of the travel industry (e.g. corporate travel,
group travel, and leisure travel). During 2010, the hotel performance began bouncing back from the economic downturn increasing occupancy throughout the year and began increasing average daily rates in the late third quarter and fourth quarter.
Overall, lodging demand increases in 2010 exceeded industry forecasts and fueled demand for rooms. Primary segments that increased demand were
from corporate business travel, association meeting attendance and ongoing healthy demand from leisure travel segment. For 2011, the industry is predicting Revenue per Available Room increases from 5 -8 compared to 2010. We believe revenues will
continue to increase steadily as long as the Gross Domestic Product GDP continues its growth rates. For 2011, we believe that our revenue per available room should be consistent with the overall industry trends. 
 -39-

Our third party managers and asset management are focusing on increasing average daily rates, maintaining
and growing occupancy while controlling operating costs to improve cash flow to the owner. Comparison of Years Ended December 31,
2010 and December 31, 2009 The table below represents operating information for the lodging segment of 99 properties and for the
same store portfolio consisting of 92 properties acquired prior to January 1, 2009. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009. 

Total Lodging Segment 

Same Store Lodging Segment 

2010 

2009 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

2010 

2009 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

Revenues: 

Lodging operating income 

495,585 

459,724 

35,861 

473,389 

456,955 

16,434 

Total revenues 

495,585 

459,724 

35,861 

473,389 

456,955 

16,434 

Expenses: 

Lodging operating expenses 

316,757 

291,610 

25,147 

301,993 

289,398 

12,595 

Real estate taxes 

25,523 

26,268 

(745) 

24,567 

26,048 

(1,481) 

Total operating expenses 

342,280 

317,878 

24,402 

326,560 

315,446 

11,114 

Net operating income 

153,305 

141,846 

11,459 

146,829 

141,509 

5,320 

On a same store basis, the lodging segment s net operating income increase is primarily attributable to an increase in
occupancy from 65 to 69 , a reduction in the Average Daily Rate from 117 to 113, which together resulted in a slight increase in Rev/Par from 76 to 78. The increase is the result of an increase in business demand, while maintaining a strong
demand in the leisure group. Both group project and association group attendance increased in 2010 as well. Office Segment 

Total Office Properties 

As of December 31, 

2010 

2009 

Office Properties 

Physical occupancy 

93 

96 

Economic occupancy 

93 

96 

Base rent per square foot 

15.52 

15.33 

Gross investment in properties 

2,024,202 

1,980,823 
 The following table represents lease
expirations for the office segment: 

Lease Expiration Year 
 
 Number of Expiring Leases 

GLA of Expiring Leases (Sq. Ft.) 

Annualized Base Rent of Expiring Leases ) 

Percent of Total GLA 

Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent 

Expiring Rent/ Square Foot 

2011 

29 

186,869 

5,035 

1.9 

3.0 

26.94 

2012 

31 

401,067 

7,200 

4.0 

4.2 

17.95 

2013 

32 

661,418 

13,453 

6.7 

7.9 

20.34 

2014 

50 

348,999 

6,710 

3.5 

3.9 

19.23 

2015 

40 

382,530 

7,558 

3.9 

4.4 

19.76 

Thereafter 

94 

7,922,292 

130,661 

80.0 

76.6 

16.49 

276 

9,903,175 

170,617 

100.00 

100.0 

17.23 
 
 -40-

Our investments in office properties largely represent assets leased and occupied to either a diverse group
of tenants or to single tenants that fully occupy the space leased. Examples of the former include the IDS Center located in the central business district of Minneapolis, and Dulles Executive Plaza and Worldgate Plaza, both located in metropolitan
Washington D.C. and catering to medium to high-technology companies and federal government contractors. Examples of the latter include three buildings leased and occupied by AT T and located in three distinct US office markets Chicago, St.
Louis, and Cleveland. In addition, our office portfolio includes properties leased on a net basis to SunTrust, with the leased locations located in the east and southeast regions of the country. 
 Our office properties continue to experience consistent occupancy rates and stable rental rates for more recent acquisitions. For example, in the
Minneapolis, Minnesota and Dulles, Virginia office markets, where a majority of our multi-tenant office properties are located, our high occupancy rate is consistent with the strength of the market. The increase in our base rent per square foot from
 15.33 to 15.52 was primarily a result of the consolidation of eleven properties during 2010. These rates are as of the end of the period and do not represent the average rate during the year ended December 31, 2010 and 2009. 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009 The table below represents operating information for the office segment of 47 properties and for the same store portfolio consisting of 36 properties acquired prior to January 1, 2009. The properties
in the same store portfolio were owned for the years ended December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009. 

Total Office Segment 

Same Store Office Segment 

2010 

2009 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

2010 

2009 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

Revenues: 

Rental income 

154,894 

152,759 

2,135 

119,822 

125,043 

(5,221) 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 

30,219 

29,533 

686 

25,837 

27,142 

(1,305) 
 
 Other property income 

4,245 

6,087 

(1,842) 

4,236 

6,071 

(1,835) 

Total revenues 

189,358 

188,379 

979 

149,895 

158,256 

(8,361) 

Expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

34,669 

32,741 

1,928 

29,013 

29,401 

(388) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

14,800 

14,904 

(104) 

13,323 

14,329 

(1,006) 

Total operating expenses 

49,469 

47,645 

1,824 

42,336 

43,730 

(1,394) 

Net operating income 

139,889 

140,734 

(845) 

107,559 

114,526 

(6,967) 

Average occupancy for the period 

95 

96 

(1) 

94 

96 

(2) The office segment real estate rental
revenues increased from 188,379 in 2009 to 189,358 in 2010 mainly due to the consolidation of the four Lauth properties since January 1, 2010. In addition, less lease termination income was received in 2010 than in 2009, which resulted in the
 1,842 decrease in other property income. Office properties real estate and operating expenses also increased from 47,645 in 2009 to 49,469 in 2010 as a result of these additions. The decrease in rental income for the office same store comparison
resulted primarily from a decrease in same store average occupancy of 2 and lower renewal rates. The decrease in tenant recovery income is due to lower operating expenses. The reduction in real estate taxes of 1,006 from 2009 to 2010 is a result
of real estate tax reassessment. 
 -41-

Industrial Segment 

Total Industrial Properties 

As of December 31, 

2010 

2009 

Industrial Properties 

Physical occupancy 

93 

95 

Economic occupancy 

95 

96 

Base rent per square foot 

5.73 

5.45 

Gross investment in properties 

1,076,502 

1,012,545 
 The following table represents lease
expirations for the industrial segment: 

Lease Expiration Year 
 
 Number of Expiring Leases 

GLA of Expiring Leases (Sq. Ft.) 

Annualized Base Rent of Expiring Leases ) 

Percent of Total GLA 

Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent 

Expiring Rent/Square Foot 

2011 

15 

1,819,525 

6,307 

12.0 

6.5 

3.47 

2012 

9 

855,538 

3,514 

5.7 

3.6 

4.11 

2013 

10 

1,381,725 

7,771 

9.1 

8.0 

5.62 

2014 

1 

23,218 

433 

.2 

.4 

18.65 

2015 

5 

688,373 

2,975 

4.5 

3.1 

4.32 

Thereafter 

39 

10,348,934 

76,275 

68.5 

78.4 

7.37 

79 

15,117,313 

97,275 

100.0 

100.00 

6.43 
 During 2010, our industrial holdings
continued to experience high economic occupancy rates. These properties are located in what we believe are active and sought-after industrial markets, including the Memphis, Tennessee airport market and the O Hare Airport market of Chicago,
Illinois, commonly one of the largest industrial markets in the world. The specialty distribution centers are comprised of refrigeration or air conditioned buildings in various locations across the country. The charter schools and correctional
facilities consist of nine properties under long-term triple net leases. Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2010 and
December 31, 2009 The table below represents operating information for the industrial segment of 72 properties and for the same
store portfolio consisting of 64 properties acquired prior to January 1, 2009 

Total Industrial Segment 

Same Store Industrial Segment 

2010 

2009 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

2010 

2009 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

Revenues: 

Rental income 

88,300 

76,086 

12,214 

72,887 

75,850 

(2,963) 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 

2,499 

4,106 

(1,607) 

2,499 

4,105 

(1,606) 
 
 Other property income 

1,104 

1,083 

21 

63 

83 

(20) 

Total revenues 

91,903 

81,275 

10,628 

75,449 

80,038 

(4,589) 

Expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

5,237 

4,959 

278 

4,951 

5,059 

(108) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

2,629 

3,198 

(569) 

2,629 

3,198 

(569) 

Total operating expenses 

7,866 

8,157 

(291) 

7,580 

8,257 

(677) 

Net operating income 

84,037 

73,118 

10,919 

67,869 

71,781 

(3,912) 

Average occupancy for the period 

95 

97 

(2) 

95 

97 

(2) 
 -42-

Industrial properties real estate revenues increased from 81,275 for the year ended December 31, 2009
to 91,903 for the year ended December 31, 2010 mainly due to the acquisition of the charter schools in February 2010. Industrial properties operating expenses decreased from 8,157 in 2009 to 7,866 in 2010, due to a reduction in real estate
taxes. A majority of the tenants have net leases and they are directly responsible for operating costs and reimburse us for real estate taxes
and insurance. Therefore, industrial segment operating expenses are generally lower than expenses for the other segments. Our overall
decrease in net operating income for the industrial same store comparison reflects lower revenues from a decrease in occupancy as well as lower renewal rates. Our 2 decline in occupancy is primarily driven by an overall decline in demand for
industrial space. We believe a future recovery in the overall economy will be needed to increase our occupancy. Multi-family Segment

Total Multi-family Properties 

As of December 31, 

2010 

2009 

Multi-Family Properties 

Economic occupancy 

90 

84 

End of month scheduled base rent per unit per month 

870 

880 

Gross investment in properties 

892,693 

721,359 
 Our portfolio contains 27
multi-family properties, each reporting stable rental rate levels. These rates are as of the end of the period and do not represent the average rate during the year ended December 31, 2010 and 2009. 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009 The table below represents operating information for the multi-family segment of 27 properties and for the same store portfolio consisting of 17 properties acquired prior to January 1, 2009. The
properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the years ended December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009. 

Total Multi-Family Segment 

Same Store Multi-Family Segment 

2010 

2009 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

2010 

2009 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

Revenues: 

Rental income 

82,722 

62,497 

20,225 

56,181 

54,828 

1,353 

Tenant property income 

373 

295 

78 

353 

294 

59 

Other property income 

6,645 

4,881 

1,764 

4,432 

4,009 

423 

Total revenues 

89,740 

67,673 

22,067 

60,966 

59,131 

1,835 

Expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

36,075 

25,639 

10,436 

24,312 

22,762 

1,550 

Real estate taxes 

12,043 

9,172 

2,871 

6,349 

6,925 

(576) 

Total operating expenses 

48,118 

34,811 

13,307 

30,661 

29,687 

974 

Net operating income 

41,622 

32,862 

8,760 

30,305 

29,444 

861 

Average occupancy for the period 

87 

88 

(1) 

91 

89 

2 
 
 -43-

Multi family real estate rental revenues increased from 67,673 for the year ended December 31,
2009 to 89,740 for the year ended December 31, 2010. The increases are mainly due to two acquisitions made earlier in 2010 and two development properties placed-in-service in the second half of 2010. Multi-family properties real estate and
operating expenses also increased from 34,811 in 2009 to 48,118 in 2010 as a result of these additions. The primary reason for the increase
in revenue and net property operations for the multi-family same store comparison is higher occupancy in 2010, offset by increased operating expenses related to utilities. Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

Year ended December 31, 2008 

Net loss attributable to the Company 

(397,960) 

(365,178) 
 
 Net loss per share 

(.49) 

(.54) Net loss increased from (365,178) or
 (.54) per share for the year ended December 31, 2008 to (397,960) or (.49) per share for the year ended December 31, 2009. The primary reason for the decrease was the loss on consolidated investment of 148,887, impairment of notes
receivable of 74,136 and equity in losses of unconsolidated entities of 78,487 for the year ended December 31, 2009, countered by the effect of impairments on investment securities of 262,105 and on investments in unconsolidated entities at
 61,993 for the year ended December 31, 2008. Rental Income, Tenant Recover Income, Lodging Income and Other Property Income
 Below is a summary of sources of revenue for years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

Year ended December 31, 2008 

2009 Increase (decrease) from 2008 

Property rentals 

515,988 

394,766 

121,222 

Straight-line rents 

16,965 

17,174 

(209) 
 
 Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 

1,688 

2,409 

(721) 

Total rental income 

534,641 

414,349 

120,292 

Tenant recoveries 

83,979 

74,169 

9,810 

Other income 

18,433 

11,702 

6,731 

Lodging operating income 

459,724 

506,531 

(46,807) 

Total property revenues 

1,096,777 

1,006,751 

90,026 

-44-

Total property revenues increased 90,026 for the year ended December 31, 2009 over the prior year. The
increase in property revenues in 2009 was due primarily to a full year of operations reflected in 2009 for properties acquired during 2008 in addition to 2009 acquisitions of 48 properties, offset by decreases in our lodging segment, as discussed
below. Property Operating Expenses and Real Estate Taxes. Property operating expenses for properties other than lodging
properties consist of property management fees paid to property managers including affiliates of our sponsor and operating expenses, including costs of owning and maintaining investment properties, real estate taxes, insurance, utilities,
maintenance to the exterior of the buildings and the parking lots. Lodging operating expenses include the room, food and beverage, payroll, utilities, any fees paid to our third party operators, insurance, marketing, and other expenses required to
maintain and operate our lodging facilities. 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

Year ended December 31, 2008 

2009 Increase (decrease) from 2008 

Property operating expenses 

111,323 

84,445 

26,878 

Lodging operating expenses 

291,610 

299,184 

(7,574) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

84,044 

70,233 

13,811 

Total property expenses 

486,977 

453,862 

33,115 

Total property operating expenses increased 33,115 for the year ended December 31, 2009 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2008 due to the effect of operations of the additional 48 properties acquired after December 31, 2008 as well as the full year impact of 2008 acquisitions, offset by decreases in the lodging segment. 
 Other Operating Income and Expenses Interest and Dividend Income and Realized Gain (Loss) on Securities. Interest income consists of interest earned on short term investments and notes receivable. Dividends are earned from
investments in our portfolio of marketable securities. 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

Year ended December 31, 2008 

2009 Increase (decrease) from 2008 

Interest Income 

37,196 

50,331 

(13,135) 
 
 Dividend Income 

17,977 

30,943 

(12,966) 

Total 

55,173 

81,274 

(26,101) 

Realized gain (loss) on investment securities 

38,193 

(15,941) 

54,134 

Other than temporary impairments 

(4,038) 

(246,164) 

242,126 

Total 

34,155 

(262,105) 

296,260 

Interest income was 37,196 and 50,331 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Interest income
is earned on our cash balances and notes receivable. Our average cash balance in 2009 was 685,725 and our average interest rate earned on cash investments was .4 for the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 Our notes receivable balance of 423,478 as of December 31, 2009 consisted of installment notes from unrelated parties that mature on various dates
through May 2012. Interest only was due each month at rates ranging from 1.86 to 9.50 per annum. For the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, we recorded interest income from notes receivable of 26,355 and 27,614, respectively. See
the Notes Receivable section in Liquidity and Capital Resources for more discussion. Dividend income decreased by 12,966 for the year ended
December 31, 2009 compared to the year ended December 31, 2008 as a result of reduced dividend payout rates. 
 -45-

Other operating expenses are summarized as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

Year ended December 31, 2008 

2009 Increase (decrease) from 2008 

Depreciation and amortization 

384,764 

313,765 

70,999 

Interest expense 

248,267 

225,476 

22,791 

General and administrative (1) 

43,499 

34,087 

9,412 

Business manager fee 

39,000 

18,500 

20,500 

715,530 

591,828 

123,702 

(1) 
 Includes expenses paid to affiliates of our sponsor as described below. Depreciation and amortization. The 70,999 increase in depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2009 relative to the year ended December 31, 2008 was
due substantially to the impact of the properties acquired during 2008 and 2009. Interest expense. The 22,791 increase in
interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2009 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2008 was primarily due to mortgage debt financings during 2009 which increased to 5,056,398 from 4,405,558. Our average interest rate on
outstanding debt was 4.9 and 5.1 as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. A summary of interest expense for the years ended
December 31, 2009 and 2008 appears below: 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

Year ended December 31, 2008 

2009 Increase (decrease) from 2008 

Debt Type 

Margin and other interest expense 

15,525 

19,077 

(3,552) 
 
 Mortgages 

232,742 

206,399 

26,343 

Total 

248,267 

225,476 

22,791 

General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses primarily consist of legal, audit and
other professional fees, acquisition related expenses, insurance, board of director fees, state and local taxes as well as salary, information technology and other administrative cost reimbursements paid to our business manager and affiliates, and
investment advisor fees. Our expenses were 43,499 for the year ended December 31, 2009 and 34,087 for the year ended December 31, 2008. The increase was due primarily to the growth of our asset and stockholder base during 2009 and 2008,
as well as 9,617 and 6,502 of acquisition and dead deal costs for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. During
2009, we expensed acquisition costs of all transactions as incurred. Thus all costs related to finding, analyzing and negotiating a transaction were expensed as incurred as a general and administrative expense, whether or not the acquisition is
completed. These expenses would include acquisition fees, if any, paid to an affiliate of our business manager. In the year ended December 31, 2009, we incurred 3,844 of acquisition costs that are included in the general and administrative
expenses of 43,499. Separately, we expensed 5,773 of dead deal costs for the year ended December 31, 2009. Business Manager
Fee. After our stockholders have received a non-cumulative, non-compounded return of 5 per annum on their invested capital, we pay our business manager an annual business management fee of up to 1 of the average
invested assets, payable quarterly in an amount equal to 0.25 of the average invested assets as of the last day of the immediately preceding quarter. We incurred a business management fee equal to 39,000 for the year ended December 31,
2009 or .38 of average invested assets, waiving the remaining 64,584 for the year ended December 31, 2009. We incurred a business manager management fee of 18,500 for 
 -46-

the year ended 2008. Once we have satisfied the minimum return on invested capital described above, the amount of the actual fee paid to the business manager is determined by the business manager
up to the amount permitted by the agreement. There is no assurance that our business manager will continue to forego or defer all or a portion of its business management fee. Noncontrolling Interest. The noncontrolling interest represents the interests of the third parties in Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. MB REIT and consolidated joint ventures
managed by third parties. Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Entities. In 2009, we had equity in losses of unconsolidated
entities of 78,487. This was an increase of 32,379 in loss of unconsolidated entities of 46,108 as of December 31, 2008 was mainly due to significant losses incurred and impairments recorded by our Concord Debt joint venture of which our
portion was 75,787. Provision for Asset Impairment. For the year ended December 31, 2009, a provision of 1,117 was recorded for asset impairment related to six investment properties of which five were subsequently disposed and related impairment of
 32,934 is included in discontinued operations. For the year ended December 31, 2008, a provision for asset impairment was recorded for two investment properties of which both were subsequently sold and the related asset impairment of 33,809
is included in discontinued operations. Provision for Goodwill Impairment. For the year ended December 31, 2009, we
recorded impairment of 26,676 to our goodwill. We recorded impairment of 11,199 to our goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2008. The impairments were primarily due to the effect of the slowdown in the economy and its impact on the
property resulting in increases in capitalization and discount rates used in the fair value calculation. Increases in these rates reduced the fair value of goodwill. Each of the three properties with goodwill recorded an impairment. As a result,
goodwill on each property was stated at fair value as of December 31, 2009. Impairment of Notes Receivable. For the year
ended December 31, 2009, we recorded an impairment of notes receivable of 74,136. No impairment was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2008. Certain of our loans, including loans in default, had declines in the fair value of the
underlying collateral which resulted in impairments of our loan receivable balance to the extent the collateral is valued below the loan book value. Impairment of Investment in Unconsolidated Entities. For the year ended December 31, 2009, we recorded an impairment of 7,443 on our investment in unconsolidated entities related to a
retail center and a lodging development venture. For the year ended December 31, 2008, we recorded an impairment of 61,993 which was a 51,419 loss on our investment in Feldman Mall Properties, Inc., and a 10,574 loss on a retail center
development. Segment Reporting An analysis of results of operations by segment is below. The tables contained throughout summarize certain key operating performance measures for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008.
 Retail Segment 

Total Retail Properties 

As of December 31, 

2009 

2008 

Retail Properties 

Physical occupancy 

92 

94 

Economic occupancy 

93 

95 

Base rent per square foot 

15.78 

16.41 

Gross investment in properties 

3,465,817 

2,989,908 
 
 -47-

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 
 The table below represents operating information for the retail segment of 713 properties and for the same store retail segment consisting of 545
properties acquired prior to January 1, 2008. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, respectively. 

Total Retail Segment 

Same Store Retail Segment 

2009 

2008 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

2009 

2008 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

Revenues: 

Rental income 

243,299 

206,591 

36,708 

181,915 

190,337 

(8,422) 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 

50,045 

43,411 

6,634 

38,597 

42,052 

(3,455) 
 
 Other property income 

6,382 

3,322 

3,060 

4,494 

2,937 

1,557 

Total revenues 

299,726 

253,324 

46,402 

225,006 

235,326 

(10,320) 

Expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

47,984 

39,268 

8,716 

35,978 

37,532 

(1,554) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

30,502 

26,457 

4,045 

25,243 

26,188 

(945) 

Total operating expenses 

78,486 

65,725 

12,761 

61,221 

63,720 

(2,499) 

Net operating income 

221,240 

187,599 

33,641 

163,785 

171,606 

(7,821) 

Average occupancy for the period 

93 

96 

(3) 

93 

96 

(3) Our retail segment s rental revenues
increased from 253,324 for the year ended December 31, 2008 to 299,726 for the year ended December 31, 2009 mainly due to the acquisition of 25 retail properties since December 31, 2008. Retail property operating expenses also
increased from 65,725 in 2008 to 78,486 in 2009 as a result of these acquisitions. The primary reason for the decrease in revenue and net
property operations for the retail same store comparison was a decrease in economic occupancy of 3 between the year ended December 31, 2008 and the year ended December 31, 2009. The decrease in occupancy resulted from an overall decline
in the economy and the impact on demand for retail space. The primary reason for the decrease in property operating expenses was contract renegotiations that took place in 2009 for all contracted services as well as a decline in real estate taxes,
in addition to 2008 experiencing hurricane related repairs. Lodging Segment 

For the year ended December 31, 2009 

For the year ended December 31, 2008 

Lodging Properties 

Revenue per available room 

76 

91 

Average daily rate 

117 

130 

Occupancy 

65 

70 

Gross investment in properties 

2,632,208 

2,597,660 
 We believe the decrease in lodging
revenues per available room, average daily rate and occupancy were primarily a result of the current economic slowdown that has affected all industries and travel segments. During 2008 and 2009, the hotel industry experienced declines in both occupancy levels and rental rates (better known as Average Daily Rate or ADR ). The downturn in performance
affected all major segments of the travel industry (e.g. corporate travel, group travel, and leisure travel). Our third party managers and
asset management were focusing on reducing variable costs and gaining market share from competitors as a result of the declines in revenues. 
 -48-

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 
 The table below represents operating information for the lodging segment of 99 properties and for the same store portfolio consisting of 70 properties
acquired prior to January 1, 2008. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008. 

Total Lodging Segment 

Same Store Lodging Segment 

2009 

2008 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

2009 

2008 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

Revenues: 

Lodging operating income 

459,724 

506,531 

(46,807) 

278,232 

334,560 

(56,328) 

Total revenues 

459,724 

506,531 

(46,807) 

278,232 

334,560 

(56,328) 

Expenses: 

Lodging operating expenses 

291,610 

299,184 

(7,574) 

170,496 

196,037 

(25,541) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

26,268 

23,037 

3,231 

15,042 

14,898 

144 

Total operating expenses 

317,878 

322,221 

(4,343) 

185,538 

210,935 

(25,397) 

Net operating income 

141,846 

184,310 

(42,464) 

92,694 

123,625 

(30,931) 

On a same store basis, the lodging segment s net operating income decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in
same store occupancy from 69 to 64 , a reduction in the Average Daily Rate from 123 to 106, which together resulted in Rev/Par dropping from 85 to 68. The reduction was attributable to the current economic recession which reduced travel from
all major segments of the lodging industry (business transient and group, and leisure group and transient travel). Through our active involvement with our managers, we reduced variable costs consistent with occupancy decreases. 
 Office Segment 

Total Office Properties 

As of December 31, 

2009 

2008 

Office Properties 

Physical occupancy 

96 

97 

Economic occupancy 

96 

97 

Base rent per square foot 

15.33 

14.82 

Gross investment in properties 

1,980,823 

1,554,700 
 Our office properties experienced
consistent occupancy rates and stable rental rates for more recent acquisitions. For example, in the Minneapolis, Minnesota and Dulles, Virginia office markets, where a majority of our multi-tenant office properties are located, our high occupancy
rate was consistent with the strength of the market. The increase in our base rent per square foot from 14.82 to 15.33 was primarily a result of acquisitions during 2008 and 2009. These rates are as of the end of the period and do not represent
the average rate during the year ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. 
 -49-

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 
 The table below represents operating information for the office segment of 40 properties and for the same store portfolio consisting of 28 properties
acquired prior to January 1, 2008. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the years ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008. 

Total Office Segment 

Same Store Office Segment 

2009 

2008 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

2009 

2008 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

Revenues: 

Rental income 

152,759 

109,410 

43,349 

106,808 

108,215 

(1,407) 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 

29,533 

27,034 

2,499 

27,142 

27,034 

108 

Other property income 

6,087 

5,733 

354 

6,068 

5,706 

362 

Total revenues 

188,379 

142,177 

46,202 

140,018 

140,955 

(937) 

Expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

32,741 

28,181 

4,560 

28,633 

28,384 

249 

Real estate taxes 

14,904 

13,775 

1,129 

14,329 

13,775 

554 

Total operating expenses 

47,645 

41,956 

5,689 

42,962 

42,159 

803 

Net operating income 

140,734 

100,221 

40,513 

97,056 

98,796 

(1,740) 

Average occupancy for the period 

97 

97 

96 

97 

(1) Office properties real estate rental
revenues increased from 142,177 in 2008 to 188,379 in 2009 mainly due to the acquisition of four properties since January 1, 2009. Office properties real estate and operating expenses also increased from 41,956 in 2008 to 47,645 in 2009 as
a result of these acquisitions and due to higher real estate taxes and common area maintenance costs. The decrease in net operating income
for the office same store comparison resulted primarily from a decrease in same store occupancy and an increase in real estate taxes. 
 Industrial Segment 

Total Industrial Properties 

As of December 31, 

2009 

2008 

Industrial Properties 

Physical occupancy 

95 

97 

Economic occupancy 

96 

99 

Base rent per square foot 

5.45 

4.75 

Gross investment in properties 

1,012,545 

919,818 
 During 2009, our industrial holdings
continued to experience high economic occupancy rates. The majority of the properties are located in what we believe are active and sought-after industrial markets, including the Memphis Airport market of Memphis, Tennessee and the O Hare
Airport market of Chicago, Illinois, commonly one of the largest industrial markets in the world. 
 -50-

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 
 The table below represents operating information for the industrial segment of 65 properties and for the same store portfolio consisting of 60 properties
acquired prior to January 1, 2008. 

Total Industrial Segment 

Same Store Industrial Segment 

2009 

2008 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

2009 

2008 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

Revenues: 

Rental income 

76,086 

67,581 

8,505 

63,520 

64,700 

(1,180) 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 

4,106 

3,759 

347 

4,099 

3,759 

340 

Other property income 

1,083 

132 

951 

83 

133 

(50) 

Total revenues 

81,275 

71,472 

9,803 

67,702 

68,592 

(890) 

Expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

4,959 

4,670 

289 

4,570 

4,650 

(80) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

3,198 

2,259 

939 

3,197 

2,259 

938 

Total operating expenses 

8,157 

6,929 

1,228 

7,767 

6,909 

858 

Net operating income 

73,118 

64,543 

8,575 

59,935 

61,683 

(1,748) 

Average occupancy for the period 

97 

99 

(2) 

96 

98 

(2) Industrial properties real estate
revenues increased from 71,472 for the year ended December 31, 2008 to 81,275 for the year ended December 31, 2009 mainly due to the effect of discontinued operations in 2008. Industrial properties real estate and operating expenses
increased from 6,929 in 2008 to 8,157 in 2009. A majority of the tenants have net leases and they are directly responsible for operating
costs and reimburse us for real estate taxes and insurance. Therefore, industrial segment operating expenses are generally lower than expenses for the other segments. Our overall decrease in net operating income for the industrial same store comparison reflected lower revenues from a decrease in occupancy and higher real estate taxes. Our 2 decline in occupancy was
primarily driven by an overall decline in demand for industrial space. Multi-family Segment 

Total Multi-family Properties 

As of December 31, 

2009 

2008 

Multi-Family Properties 

Physical occupancy 

84 

92 

Economic occupancy 

84 

92 

End of month scheduled base rent per unit per month 

880 

832 

Gross investment in properties 

721,359 

548,278 
 Our portfolio contains 27
multi-family properties, each reporting stable rental rate levels. These rates are as of the end of the period and do not represent the average rate during the year ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. 
 -51-

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 
 The table below represents operating information for the multi-family segment of 27 properties and for the same store portfolio consisting of seven
properties acquired prior to January 1, 2008. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the years ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008. 

Total Multi-Family Segment 

Same Store Multi-Family Segment 

2009 

2008 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

2009 

2008 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

Revenues: 

Rental income 

62,497 

30,767 

31,730 

19,425 

19,875 

(450) 
 
 Tenant property income 

295 

(35) 

330 

30 

(40) 

70 

Other property income 

4,881 

2,515 

2,366 

1,533 

1,601 

(68) 

Total revenues 

67,673 

33,247 

34,426 

20,988 

21,436 

(448) 

Expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

25,639 

12,326 

13,313 

8,322 

8,917 

(595) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

9,172 

4,705 

4,467 

3,351 

4,041 

(690) 

Total operating expenses 

34,811 

17,031 

17,780 

11,673 

12,958 

(1,285) 

Net operating income 

32,862 

16,216 

16,646 

9,315 

8,478 

837 

Average occupancy for the period 

88 

89 

(1) 

87 

90 

(3) Multi family real estate rental
revenues increased from 33,247 for the year ended December 31, 2008 to 67,673 for the year ended December 31, 2009. The increases were mainly due to the acquisition of 10 properties since January 1, 2009. Multi-family properties
real estate and operating expenses also increased from 17,031 in 2008 to 34,811 in 2009 as a result of these acquisitions. The increase in
net operating income was primarily caused by a decrease in overall operating expenses in 2009 related to decreases in real estate taxes, lower insurance expenses in 2009 and hurricane related expenses in 2008. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates General The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. This section discusses those critical accounting policies and estimates.
These judgments often result from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. GAAP requires information in financial statements about accounting principles, methods used and disclosures pertaining to
significant estimates. This discussion addresses our judgment pertaining to trends, events or uncertainties known which were taken into consideration upon the application of those policies. Acquisitions We allocate the purchase price of each acquired business between
tangible and intangible assets at full fair value at the date of the transaction. Such tangible and intangible assets include land, building and improvements, acquired above market and below market leases, in-place lease value, customer
relationships (if any), and any assumed financing that is determined to be above or below market terms. Any additional amounts are allocated to goodwill as required, based on the remaining purchase price in excess of the fair value of the tangible
and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The allocation of the purchase price is an area that requires judgment and significant estimates. 
 -52-

We expense acquisition costs of all transactions as incurred. All costs related to finding, analyzing and
negotiating a transaction are expensed as incurred as a general and administrative expense, whether or not the acquisition is completed. These expenses would include acquisition fees, if any, paid to an affiliate of our business manager. 
 Goodwill We evaluate goodwill
for impairment at least annually. The goodwill impairment test is a two-step test. Under the first step, the fair value of the reporting unit is compared with its carrying value (including goodwill). If the fair value of the reporting unit is less
than its carrying value, an indication of goodwill impairment exists for the reporting unit and the enterprise must perform step two of the impairment test (measurement). Under step two, an impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the
carrying amount of the reporting unit s goodwill over the implied fair value of that goodwill. Impairment 
 We assess the carrying values of the respective long-lived assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these
assets may not be fully recoverable. If it is determined that the carrying value is not recoverable because the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed carrying value, we are required to record an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying value
exceeds fair value. The valuation and possible subsequent impairment of investment properties is a significant estimate that can and does change based on our continuous process of analyzing each property and reviewing assumptions about uncertain
inherent factors, as well as the economic condition of the property at a particular point in time. We also evaluate our equity method
investments for impairment indicators. The valuation analysis considers the investment positions in relation to the underlying business and activities of our investment and identities potential declines in fair value. An impairment loss should be
recognized if a decline in value of the investment has occurred that is considered to be other than temporary, without ability to recover or sustain operations that would support the value of the investment. 
 We evaluate the collectability of both interest and principal of each of our notes receivable to determine whether it is impaired. A note receivable is
considered to be impaired when management determines that it is probable that we will not be able to collect all amounts due under the contractual terms of the note receivable. When a note receivable is considered impaired, the amount of loss is
calculated by comparing the recorded investment to the value determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at the note s effective interest rate or to the fair value of the underlying collateral if the note receivable is collateral
dependent. Cost Capitalization and Depreciation Policies Our policy is to review all expenses paid and capitalize any items exceeding 5 thousand which are deemed to be an upgrade or a tenant improvement. These costs are capitalized and included in the
investment properties classification as an addition to buildings and improvements. Buildings and improvements are depreciated on a
straight-line basis based upon estimated useful lives of 30 years for buildings and improvements, and five to 15 years for site improvements. Furniture, fixtures and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over five to ten years. Tenant
improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease as a component of depreciation and amortization expense. The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquired above market costs and acquired below market
costs is amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease as an adjustment to net rental income. Acquired in-place lease costs, customer relationship value and other leasing costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the
life of the related lease as a component of amortization expense. 
 -53-

Cost capitalization and the estimate of useful lives requires our judgment and includes significant
estimates that can and do change based on our process which periodically analyzes each property and on our assumptions about uncertain inherent factors. Investment in Marketable Securities We classify our investment in securities in one
of three categories: trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. Held-to-maturity securities are those securities in which we have the ability
and intent to hold the security until maturity. All securities not included in trading or held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale. Investment in securities at December 31, 2010 and 2009 consists of common stock investments and
investments in commercial mortgage backed securities that are all classified as available-for-sale securities and are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and
reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific identification basis. A decline in the market value of any
available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other than temporary, results in a reduction in the carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged to earnings and a new cost basis for the security is established. When a
security is impaired, management considers whether we have the ability and intent to hold the investment for a time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment
is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment, the severity and duration of the impairment, changes in value subsequent to period end and forecasted performance of
the investee. Revenue Recognition We commence revenue recognition on our leases based on a number of factors. In most cases, revenue recognition under a lease begins when the lessee takes possession of or controls the physical use of the
leased asset. Generally, this occurs on the lease commencement date. The determination of who is the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements determines the nature of the leased asset and when revenue recognition under a lease
begins. If we are the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements, then the leased asset is the finished space and revenue recognition begins when the lessee takes possession of the finished space, typically when the improvements are
substantially complete. If we conclude we are not the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements (the lessee is the owner), then the leased asset is the unimproved space and any tenant improvement allowances funded under the lease
are treated as lease incentives which reduces revenue recognized over the term of the lease. In these circumstances, we begin revenue recognition when the lessee takes possession of the unimproved space for the lessee to construct their own
improvements. We consider a number of different factors to evaluate whether it or the lessee is the owner of the tenant improvements for accounting purposes. These factors include: 

whether the lease stipulates how and on what a tenant improvement allowance may be spent; 

whether the tenant or landlord retains legal title to the improvements; 

the uniqueness of the improvements; 

the expected economic life of the tenant improvements relative to the length of the lease; and 

who constructs or directs the construction of the improvements. The determination of who owns the tenant improvements, for accounting purposes, is subject to significant judgment. In making that determination, we consider all of the above factors. No one factor,
however, necessarily establishes its determination. 
 -54-

We recognize rental income on a straight-line basis over the term of each lease. The difference between
rental income earned on a straight-line basis and the cash rent due under the provisions of the lease agreements is recorded as deferred rent receivable and is included as a component of accounts and rents receivable in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. Due to the impact of the straight-line basis, rental income generally is greater than the cash collected in the early years and decreases in the later years of a lease. We periodically review the collectability of outstanding
receivables. Allowances are taken for those balances that we deem to be uncollectible, including any amounts relating to straight-line rent receivables. Reimbursements from tenants for recoverable real estate tax and operating expenses are accrued as revenue in the period the applicable expenses are incurred. We make certain assumptions and judgments in
estimating the reimbursements at the end of each reporting period. We do not expect the actual results to significantly differ from the estimated reimbursement. In conjunction with certain acquisitions, we may receive payments under master lease agreements pertaining to certain non-revenue producing spaces either at the time of, or subsequent to the purchase of
some of our properties. These master leases may be established at the time of purchase in order to mitigate the potential negative effects of loss of rent and expense reimbursements. Master lease payments are received through a draw of funds
escrowed at the time of purchase and may cover a period from six months to three years. These funds may be released to either us or the seller when certain leasing conditions are met. Funds received by third party escrow agents, from sellers,
pertaining to master lease agreements are included in restricted cash. We record such escrows as both an asset and a corresponding liability, until certain leasing conditions are met. As of December 31, 2010, there were no material adjustments
for master lease agreements. We will recognize lease termination income if there is a signed termination letter agreement, all of the
conditions of the agreement have been met, collectability is reasonably assured and the tenant is no longer occupying the property. Upon early lease termination, we will provide for losses related to unrecovered intangibles and other assets.
 We recognize lodging operating revenue on an accrual basis consistent with operations. 
 Partially-Owned Entities We
evaluate our investments in limited liability companies and partnerships to determine whether such entities may be a variable interest entity VIE ). If the entity is a VIE, the determination of whether we are the primary beneficiary must
be made. We will consolidate a VIE if we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary, as defined in Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic on Consolidation. The equity method of accounting is applied
to entities in which we are not the primary beneficiary as defined in the Consolidation Topic of the FASB ASC, or the entity is not a VIE and we do not have effective control, but can exercise influence over the entity with respect to its operations
and major decisions. Income Taxes We and MB REIT operate in a manner intended to enable each entity to qualify as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Under those sections, a REIT that
distributes at least 90 of its REIT taxable income determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and by excluding any net capital gain to its stockholders each year and that meets certain other conditions will not be
taxed on that portion of its taxable income which is distributed to its stockholders. If we or MB REIT fail to distribute the required amount of income to our stockholders, or fail to meet the various REIT requirements, without the benefit of
certain relief provisions, we or MB REIT may fail to qualify as a REIT and substantial adverse tax consequences may result. Even if we and MB REIT qualify for taxation as a REIT, we and MB REIT may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our
income, property, or net worth, and to federal income and 
 -55-

excise taxes on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, taxable income from non-REIT activities managed through taxable REIT subsidiaries is subject to federal, state and local income
taxes. In 2007, we formed the following wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiaries in connection with the acquisition of the lodging portfolios
and student housing: Barclay Holdings, Inc., Inland American Holding TRS, Inc., and Inland American Communities Third Party, Inc. In 2008, we formed Inland American Lodging Garden Grove Harbor TRS, LLC in connection with an addition to the lodging
portfolio. Taxable income from non-REIT activities managed through these taxable REIT subsidiaries is subject to federal, state, and local income taxes. As such, our taxable REIT subsidiaries are required to pay income taxes at the applicable rates.
 Liquidity and Capital Resources We continually evaluate the economic and credit environment and its impact on our business. Maintaining significant capital reserves has become a priority for all companies. At this juncture we believe we
are appropriately positioned to have significant cash to utilize in executing our strategy. Our objectives are to invest in real estate assets that produce attractive current yield and long-term risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders and to
generate sustainable and predictable cash flow from our operations to distribute to our stockholders. For 2011, we believe that our
acquisitions will be fewer than prior years as our primary capital raise was completed in April 2009. Our principal demands for funds will
be: 

to pay our expenses and the operating expenses of our properties; 

to make distributions to our stockholders; 

to service or pay-down our debt; 

to fund capital expenditures; 

to invest in properties; and 

to fund joint ventures and development investments. Generally, our cash needs will be funded from: 

income earned on our investment properties; 

interest income on investments and dividend and gain on sale income earned on our investment in marketable securities; 

distributions from our joint venture investments; 

proceeds from sales of properties; 

proceeds from borrowings on properties; and 

issuance of shares under our distribution reinvestment plan. Acquisitions and Investments We completed approximately 897.4 million of real estate
acquisitions in 2010 and 1.1 billion in 2009. These acquisitions were consummated through our subsidiaries and were funded with available cash, mortgage indebtedness, and the proceeds from the primary offering of our shares of common stock through
2009, and DRP proceeds through 2010. 
 -56-

Investments in Joint Ventures We have entered into a number of joint ventures that invest in operating properties, developments and real estate loans. Generally, the joint ventures that are focused on operating properties continue to
generate positive cash flows. The joint ventures have mortgage financing that will mature and could require paydowns or result in increased interest rates. These lenders might not be willing to extend their loans or extend on terms acceptable to us
or our partners. Although we have no additional obligation to fund these ventures, other than noted below, our investment could be at risk without the funding of additional capital. It is anticipated that the entities will be able to repay or
refinance all of their debt on a timely basis, however, the debt maturities of the entities are not recourse to us. 

Joint Venture 
 
 Description 
 
 Investment at December 31, 2010 (000s) (a) 

Remaining Commitment (000s) 

D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, LLC 
 
 Industrial and R D Assets 

57,389 

Cobalt Industrial REIT II 
 
 Industrial Portfolio 

124,750 

Net Lease Strategic Asset Fund L.P. 
 
 Net Lease Assets 

160,487 

NRF Healthcare, LLC 
 
 Senior Housing Portfolio 

87,878 

Centro/IA JV, LLC 
 
 Retail Assets 

121,534 

Other operating joint ventures 
 
 Various 

21,236 

137 

Total 

573,274 

137 

(a) 
 Represents our investment balance as reported for GAAP purposes on our balance sheet at December 31, 2010. 
 Centro/IA JV LLC On December 6,
2010, we entered into a Joint Venture with Centro NP Residual Holding LLC Centro ), resulting in the creation of Centro/IA JV, LLC Centro/IA ). The joint venture structure provides us with an equity stake of 121.5 million, a
preferred capital position and preferred return of 11 . The joint venture has interest in 25 retail shopping centers, with a total value of approximately 471 million. Concurrent with our entry into the venture, Centro/IA obtained 10-year CMBS
financing of approximately 310.0 million secured by 24 properties. We have converted the note receivable balance of 140.8 million for the partnership interest of 121.5 million and received 19.4 million in cash. 
 Investments in Consolidated Developments 
 We have development projects that are in various stages of pre-development and development. We fund cash needs for these development activities from our
working capital and by borrowings secured by the properties. Specifically identifiable direct development and construction costs are capitalized, including, where applicable, salaries and related costs, real estate taxes and interest incurred in
developing the property. These developments encompass the retail and multi-family segments. In addition, we have purchased land and incurred pre-development costs of 80.1 million for an additional three multi-family projects. 
 Although the economy, in general, has started to recover, our retail developments could experience longer lease-up timelines and future leasing could be
at leasing rates less than originally underwritten. On October 22, 2010, we entered into a restructure agreement with the borrower on
three loans, being Stan Thomas Properties. As part of the restructure, we received title and all rights to one land parcel, located in California, that secured two of the outstanding three notes receivable, and in return, we released our collateral
rights to another land parcel as well as the personal guarantees of Stan Thomas. The land parcel in California is under development and is
funded by multiple municipal and state sources. The book value is 102.1 million and included in construction in progress on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2010. 
 -57-

The properties under development and all amounts set forth below are as of December 31, 2010. (Dollar
amounts stated in thousands) 

Name 
 
 Location (City, State) 
 
 Property Type 
 
 Square Feet 

Total Costs Incurred to Date ) 

Total Estimated Costs ) (a) 

Remaining Costs to be Funded by Inland American ) 

Note Payable as of December 31, 2010 ) 

Estimated Placed in Service Date (b) 
 
 Woodbridge 
 
 Wylie, TX 
 
 Retail 

519,745 

35,673 

71,638 

14,243 

(d) 
 
 Stone Creek 
 
 San Marcos, TX 
 
 Retail 

469,741 

47,454 

68,836 

10,135 

(d) 
 
 UCF Housing 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 Multi-family 

385,052 

20,847 

67,158 

2,487 

Q2 Q3 2012 (c) 

1,374,538 

103,974 

207,632 

26,865 

(a) 
 The Total Estimated Costs represent 100 of the development s estimated costs, including the acquisition cost of the land and building, if any. The Total Estimated
Costs are subject to change upon, or prior to, the completion of the development and include amounts required to lease the property. 

(b) 
 The Estimated Placed in Service Date represents the date the certificate of occupancy is currently anticipated to be obtained. Subsequent to obtaining the certificate
of occupancy, each property will go through a lease-up period. 

(c) 
 Leasing activities related to multi-family properties do not begin until six to nine months prior to the placed in service date. 

(d) 
 Stone Creek and Woodbridge are retail shopping centers and development is planned to be completed in phases. As the construction and lease-up of individual phases are
completed, the respective phase will be placed in service resulting in a range of estimated placed in service dates through 2016. The Stone Creek and Woodbridge developments are pre-leased at 63 and 45 , respectively, as of December 31, 2010.
The Percentage Pre-Leased represents the percentage of square feet leased of the total projected square footage of the entire development. As part of our restructure and foreclosure of the Stan Thomas note, we began overseeing the infrastructure activities to further the development of the Sacramento Railyards. The Railyards project is a
collaborative planning effort of various federal, state and local municipalities to develop an approximate 240 acre site north of Sacramento s central business district. Our current book value is 102.1 million as of December 31, 2010. The
project is scheduled to be completed in phases, beginning in 2012-2030. Notes Receivable 
 Our notes receivable balance was 54.0 million and 423.4 million as of December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, respectively, and consisted of
installment notes from unrelated parties that mature on various dates through December 2013 and installment notes assumed in the Winston acquisition. The remaining notes represent loans to various third parties secured by operating retail and
lodging properties as well as land held for development. Interest only is due each month at rates ranging from 5.85 to 9.50 per annum. For the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, we recorded interest income from notes receivable of
 13.7 million and 26.4 million, respectively, which is included in the interest and dividend income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. On October 22, 2010, we entered into a restructure agreement on three loans with a borrower, being Stan Thomas Properties. As part of the restructure, we received title and all rights to two land
parcels, located in Florida and California, that secured the note receivables, and in return, we released our collateral rights to a third land parcel as well as the personal guarantees of Stan Thomas. 
 Prior to foreclosure, we recorded our note receivable at the estimated fair values for the two land sites that were received as part of the restructure.
The changes reduced the estimated fair value of the collateral to 120 million, resulting in impairment of 94.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2010. The California collateral subject to
 
 -58-

the restructure and foreclosure was recorded in investment properties, effective October 22, 2010, at its estimated fair value of 100 million. As of December 31, 2010, the note secured
by the Florida property remains a note receivable of 20 million. On March 8, 2011, we received title to the Florida property. On
December 6, 2010, we converted a note receivable balance of 140.8 million for a partnership interest in a joint venture. As part of the exchange, we received 19.5 million in cash. The joint venture was entered into with Centro NP Residual
Holding LLC Centro ), resulting in the creation of Centro/IA JV, LLC. The joint venture has interest in 25 retail shopping centers, with a total value of approximately 471.0 million. The properties comprise 4.5 million square feet
and are located in 13 states. The venture has 10 year CMBS financing of approximately 310.0 million secured by 24 properties. Prior to the close of the joint venture, the Company had an existing participation on a portion of the prior first
mortgage loan encumbering the 25 retail shopping centers. Distributions We declared cash distributions to our stockholders per weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period from January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2010 totaling 417.9 million or .50
per share. These cash distributions were paid with 356.7 million from our cash flow from operations, 31.7 million provided by distributions from unconsolidated entities as well as gain on sale of properties. Our average dividend reinvestment
program participation was 50 for the year ended December 31, 2010 compared to 57 for the year ended December 31, 2009. The
following chart presents a historical view of our distribution coverage. 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Cash flow provided by operations 

356,660 

369,031 

384,365 

263,420 

65,883 

Distributions from unconsolidated entities 

31,737 

32,081 

41,704 

Gain on sales of properties 

55,412 

Distributions declared 

(417,885) 

(405,337) 

(418,694) 

(242,606) 

(41,178) 

Excess (deficiency) 

25,924 

(4,225) 

7,375 

20,814 

24,705 

Effective as of September 21, 2010, we adopted a Second Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (the
 Plan ). Under the Plan, beginning with reinvestments made after September 21, 2010, and until a new estimated value per share has been established, distributions may be reinvested in shares of our common stock at a price equal to
 8.03 per share. Financing Activities and Contractual Obligations Stock Offering Our initial offering of shares of common stock terminated as of the close
of business on July 31, 2007. We had sold a total of 469,598,762 shares in the primary offering and 9,720,991 shares pursuant to the offering of shares through the distribution reinvestment plan. A follow-on registration statement for an
offering of up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock at 10.00 each and up to 40,000,000 shares at 9.50 each pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan was declared effective by the SEC on August 1, 2007 and terminated on April 6,
2009. On March 31, 2009, we filed a registration statement to register 50,000,000 shares to be issued under the distribution reinvestment plan. As of December 31, 2010, we had sold a total of 320,636,231 shares in the follow-on offering
and 78,977,920 shares pursuant to the offering of shares through the dividend reinvestment plan. Our total offering costs for both our initial and follow on-offering as of December 31, 2010 were approximately 828 million. 
 -59-

Share Repurchase Program As of December 31, 2009, we had repurchased 32,527,130 shares for 304 million under the share repurchase program. Our board of directors voted to suspend the share repurchase program until further
notice, effective March 30, 2009. We did not repurchase any shares in 2010. Borrowings 
 Mortgage loans outstanding as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 were 5.5 billion and 5.1 billion and had a weighted average interest rate of 5.1 and
4.9 , respectively. During 2010, we borrowed 33.8 million against our portfolio of marketable securities. During 2009, we repaid 10 million of amounts borrowed against our portfolio of marketable securities. We borrowed approximately 432.9
million secured by mortgages on our properties and assumed 457.9 million of debt at acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2010. We borrowed approximately 371 million secured by mortgages on our properties and assumed 626.2 million of
debt at acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2009. Our interest rate risk is monitored using a variety of techniques, including
periodically evaluating fixed interest rate quotes on all variable rate debt and the costs associated with converting the debt to fixed rate debt. Also, existing fixed and variable rate loans that are scheduled to mature in the next year or two are
evaluated for possible early refinancing and or extension due to consideration given to current interest rates. The table below presents, on a consolidated basis, the principal amount, weighted average interest rates and maturity date (by year) on
our mortgage debt as of December 31, 2010 (dollar amounts are stated in thousands). 

2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

2015 

Thereafter 

Total 

Maturing debt : 

Fixed rate debt (mortgage loans) 

114,491 

138,559 

556,496 

234,863 

385,098 

2,478,848 

3,908,355 

Variable rate debt (mortgage loans) 

426,771 

540,553 

454,327 

43,857 

75,877 

58,928 

1,600,313 

Weighted average interest rate on debt: 

Fixed rate debt (mortgage loans) 

5.11 

5.63 

5.71 

5.61 

5.61 

5.71 

5.68 

Variable rate debt (mortgage loans) 

3.43 

3.56 

3.76 

5.66 

5.62 

4.87 

3.78 
 The debt maturity excludes mortgage
discounts associated with debt assumed at acquisition of which a discount of 38.7 million, net of accumulated amortization, is outstanding as of December 31, 2010. We have entered into nine interest rate swap agreements that have converted 355.5 million or 22.2 of our variable rate mortgage loans from variable to fixed rates. The pay rates range from .63 to 4.75 
with maturity dates from April 2011 to April 2013. As of December 31, 2010, we have approximately 541.3 million and 679.1 million in
mortgage debt maturing in 2011 and 2012, respectively. We are currently negotiating refinancing the remaining debt with the existing lenders at terms that will most likely be at higher credit spreads and lower loan to value. We currently anticipate
that we will be able to repay or refinance all of our debt on a timely basis, and believe we have adequate sources of funds to meet our short term cash needs. However, there can be no assurance that we can obtain such refinancing on satisfactory
terms. Continued volatility in the capital markets could expose us to the risk of not being able to borrow on terms and conditions acceptable to us for future acquisitions or refinancings. 
 -60-

Summary of Cash Flows 

Year ended December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(In thousands) 

Cash provided by operating activities 

356,660 

369,031 

384,365 

Cash used in investing activities 

(380,685) 

(563,163) 

(2,484,825) 
 
 Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(208,759) 

(250,602) 

2,636,325 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

(232,784) 

(444,734) 

535,865 

Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of year 

500,491 

945,225 

409,360 

Cash and cash equivalents, at end of year 

267,707 

500,491 

945,225 

Cash provided by operating activities was 357 million, 369 million and 384 million for the years ended December 31,
2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, and was generated primarily from operating income from property operations, and interest and dividends. The decrease in cash flows from the year ended December 31, 2010 to December 31, 2009 of 12 million
was primarily due to decrease in interest and dividend income and an increase in interest expenses. Cash used in investing activities was
 381 million, 563 million and 2.5 billion for years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2010, cash was used primarily for purchases of 35 investment properties and capital expenditures
offset by cash received from the sale of 14 investment properties. We used more cash in our investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 primarily due to the acquisitions of 48 and 187 properties, respectively.
 Cash provided by (used in) financing activities was (209) million, (251) million and 2.6 billion for the years ended December 31,
2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. In 2009 and 2008, we generated proceeds from the sale of shares in our public offerings, net of offering costs paid of 224 million and 2.3 billion. Effective April 6, 2009, we terminated our primary offering
and therefore, we did not receive share proceeds or incur offering costs in 2010. During the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, we generated proceeds from the distribution reinvestment plan of approximately 207, 231, and 242
million, respectively. We generated approximately 433 million from borrowings secured by mortgages on our properties for the year ended December 31, 2010. During the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, we generated approximately 370
million and 1.0 billion, respectively, from borrowings secured by mortgages on our properties. During the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, we paid approximately 417, 412 and 406 million, respectively, in distributions to our
stockholders. We also paid off mortgage debt in the amount of 430, 436 and 139 million for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. We consider all demand deposits, money market accounts and investments in certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements with a maturity of six months or less, at the date of purchase, to be cash
equivalents. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions. The combined account balances at one or more institutions periodically exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance coverage and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. 
 -61-

Contractual Obligations The table below presents, on a consolidated basis, obligations and commitments to make future payments under debt obligations (including interest), and lease agreements as of December 31, 2010
(dollar amounts are stated in thousands). 

Payments due by period 

Total 

Less than 1 year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

More than 5 years 

Long-Term Debt Obligations 

7,446,616 

1,073,876 

2,381,521 

2,333,937 

1,657,282 

Ground Lease Payments 

22,862 

395 

1,197 

1,206 

20,064 
 As part of our consolidated MB REIT
joint venture with Minto Delaware, we could be required to redeem Minto Delaware s interest in MB REIT beginning on October 11, 2011 subject to the terms and conditions below: 

On or after October 11, 2011 until October 11, 2012, Minto Holdings, an affiliate of Minto Delaware, has the option to require us to
purchase, in whole, but not in part, 100 of the Minto Delaware s investment in the MB REIT (consisting of the series A preferred stock and common stock) for a price equal to (A) if our shares of common stock are not listed, on the earlier
of (x) the date we purchase Minto Delaware s investment or (y) 150 days after the date written notice of the exercise of the initial purchase right is given, the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference, payable in cash and
(2) 29.3 million or (B) if the shares of our stock are listed, on the earlier of (x) the date we purchase Minto Delaware s investment or (y) 150 days after the date written notice of the exercise of the initial purchase
right is given, the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference, payable in cash and (2) 2,934,800 shares of our common stock. The series A liquidation preference is equal to 1,276 per share for 207,000 shares of series A preferred
stock plus accrued and unpaid dividends. 

On or after October 11, 2012, Minto Holdings has an option to require us to purchase, in whole, but not in part, 100 of the Minto Delaware
investment for a price equal to (A) if the shares of our common stock are not listed, on the earlier of (x) the date we purchase the Minto Delaware investment or (y) 150 days after written notice of a subsequent purchase right is
given, the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference, payable in cash and (2) the fair market value (pursuant to a specified formula) of the common stock held by Minto Delaware on the date written notice of the subsequent purchase
right is given, payable in cash, or (B) if the shares of our common stock are listed, on the earlier of (x) the date we purchase the Minto Delaware equity or (y) 150 days after written notice of the subsequent purchase right is given,
the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference, payable in cash and (2) 2,934,800 shares of our common stock. 

On or after October 11, 2015, so long as the MB REIT qualifies as a domestically controlled REIT, MB REIT has the right to purchase,
in whole, but not in part, 100 of Minto Delaware s investment for a price equal to (A) if the shares of our common stock are not listed, the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference, payable in cash and (2) the fair market
value (pursuant to a specified formula) of the common stock of MB REIT held by Minto Delaware or (B) if the shares of our common stock are listed, the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference, payable in cash and (2) 2,934,800
shares of our common stock. We have acquired several properties subject to the obligation to pay the seller additional
monies depending on the future leasing and occupancy of the property. These earnout payments are based on a predetermined formula. Each earnout agreement has a time limit regarding the obligation to pay any additional monies. If at the end of the
time period, certain space has not been leased and occupied, we will not have any further obligation. Assuming all the conditions are satisfied, as of December 31, 2010, we would be obligated to pay as much as 31.8 million in the future as
vacant space covered by these earnout agreements is occupied and becomes rent producing. The information in the above table does not reflect these contractual obligations. 
 -62-

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements Unconsolidated Real Estate Joint Ventures Unconsolidated joint ventures are those where we
have substantial influence over but do not control the entity. We account for our interest in these ventures using the equity method of accounting. For additional discussion of our investments in joint ventures, please refer to the liquidity section
of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Our ownership percentage and related investment in each joint venture is summarized in the following
table. (Dollar amounts stated in thousands). 

Joint Venture 
 
 Ownership 

Investment at December 31, 2010 

Net Lease Strategic Asset Fund L.P. 

85 

160,487 

Cobalt Industrial REIT II 

36 

124,750 

D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, LLC 

90 

57,389 

NRF Healthcare, LLC 

(a) 

87,878 

Centro/IA JV, LLC 

(b) 

121,534 

Other Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 

Various 

21,236 

573,274 

(a) 
 We invested 100,000 in NRF Healthcare, LLC in exchange for a Series A Convertible Preferred Membership interest and are entitled to a 10.5 preferred dividend. This
entity was previously known as Wakefield Capital, LLC. 

(b) 
 On December 6, 2010, we entered into a Joint Venture with Centro NP Residual Holding LLC Centro ), resulting in the creation of Centro/IA JV, LLC. The
joint venture structure provides Inland American with an equity stake of 121,534, a preferred capital position and preferred return of 11 . Subsequent Events Subsequent to year end, we purchased one property for 25.5 million.
 We entered into two interest rate swap transactions at a rate of 0.912 over a notional amount of 49.7 million. 
 We have adopted an Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Program SRP ), effective April 11, 2011, to repurchase shares, on a quarterly basis,
due to death of the beneficial owner. Beginning April 11, 2011, we will begin accepting share repurchase requests due to the death of any beneficial owner of shares, with checks distributed by the end of the calendar quarter. There will be 5
million available each quarter to repurchase shares at a price per share of 7.23, which is equal to 90 of the most recently disclosed estimated per share value of 8.03. Additionally in accordance with the SRP, the aggregate number of shares
repurchased will be limited to 5.0 of the total number of issued and outstanding shares during any consecutive 12 calendar month period. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are subject to market risk associated with changes in
interest rates both in terms of variable-rate debt and the price of new fixed-rate debt upon maturity of existing debt and for acquisitions. We are also subject to market risk associated with our marketable securities investments. 
 Our interest rate risk management objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall
borrowing costs. If market rates of interest on all of the floating rate debt as of December 31, 2010 permanently increased by 1 , the increase in interest expense on the floating rate debt would decrease future earnings and cash flows by
approximately 16 million. If market rates of interest on all of the floating rate debt as of December 31, 2010 permanently decreased by 1 , the decrease in interest expense on the floating rate debt would increase future earnings and cash
flows by approximately 16 million. 
 -63-

With regard to variable rate financing, we assess interest rate cash flow risk by continually identifying
and monitoring changes in interest rate exposures that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. We maintain risk management control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both
of our outstanding or forecasted debt obligations as well as our potential offsetting hedge positions. The risk management control systems involve the use of analytical techniques, including cash flow sensitivity analysis, to estimate the expected
impact of changes in interest rates on our future cash flows. We monitor interest rate risk using a variety of techniques, including
periodically evaluating fixed interest rate quotes on all variable rate debt and the costs associated with converting the debt to fixed rate debt. Also, existing fixed and variable rate loans that are scheduled to mature in the next year or two are
evaluated for possible early refinancing and or extension due to consideration given to current interest rates. The table below presents mortgage debt principal amounts and weighted average interest rates by year and expected maturity to evaluate
the expected cash flows and sensitivity to interest rate changes (dollar amounts are stated in thousands). 

2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

2015 

Thereafter 

Total 

Maturing debt : 

Fixed rate debt (mortgage loans) 

114,491 

138,559 

556,496 

234,863 

385,098 

2,478,848 

3,908,355 

Variable rate debt (mortgage loans) 

426,771 

540,553 

454,327 

43,857 

75,877 

58,928 

1,600,313 

Weighted average interest rate on debt: 

Fixed rate debt (mortgage loans) 

5.11 

5.63 

5.71 

5.61 

5.61 

5.71 

5.68 

Variable rate debt (mortgage loans) 

3.43 

3.56 

3.76 

5.66 

5.62 

4.87 

3.78 
 The debt maturity excludes mortgage
discounts associated with debt assumed at acquisition of which a discount of 38.7 million, net of accumulated amortization, is outstanding as of December 31, 2010. We may use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans secured by our properties. To the extent we do, we are exposed to credit risk and market risk. Credit
risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. When the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes us, which creates credit risk for us. When the fair value of a derivative
contract is negative, we owe the counterparty and, therefore, it does not possess credit risk. It is our policy to enter into these transactions with the same party providing the financing. In the alternative, we will seek to minimize the credit
risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with what we believe are high-quality counterparties. Market risk is the adverse effect on the value of a financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. The market risk
associated with interest-rate contracts is managed by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be undertaken. We have, and may in the future enter into, derivative positions that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. If these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, the gains or losses
resulting from their mark-to-market at the end of each reporting period are recognized as an increase or decrease in interest expense on our consolidated statements of income. In addition, we are, and may in the future be, subject to
additional expense based on the notional amount of the derivative positions and a specified spread over LIBOR. Equity Price Risk
 We are exposed to equity price risk as a result of our investments in marketable equity securities. Equity price risk changes as the
volatility of equity prices changes or the values of corresponding equity indices change. Other than temporary impairments were 1.9 million
and 4.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. The overall stock market and REIT stocks, including our REIT stock investments, have declined since mid-2007, which have resulted in our recognizing impairments. We
believe that our investments will continue to generate dividend income and, if the REIT market recovers, we could continue to recognize gains on sale. However, due to general economic and credit market uncertainties it is difficult to project where
the REIT market and our portfolio value will be in 2011. 
 -64-

While it is difficult to project what factors may affect the prices of equity sectors and how much the
effect might be, the table below illustrates the impact of a 10 increase and a 10 decrease in the price of the equities held by us would have on the value of the total assets and the book value of the Company as of December 31, 2010 (dollar
amounts stated in thousands). 

Cost 

Fair Value 

Hypothetical 10 Decrease
in Market Value 

Hypothetical 10 Increase
in Market Value 

Marketable securities (1) 

300,867 

253,838 

228,484 

279,221 

(1) 
 Excludes CMBS investments of 14,888. 
 Derivatives The following table
summarizes our interest rate swap contracts outstanding as of December 31, 2010 (dollar amounts stated in thousands): 

Date Entered 
 
 Effective Date 

End Date 
 
 Pay Fixed Rate 

Receive Floating Rate Index 
 
 Notional Amount ) 

Fair Value of December 31, 2010 (1) ) 

November 16, 2007 

November 20, 2007 

April 1, 2011 

4.45 

1 month LIBOR 

24,425 

(253) 
 
 March 28, 2008 

March 28, 2008 

March 27, 2013 

3.32 

1 month LIBOR 

33,062 

(1,819) 
 
 March 28, 2008 

March 28, 2008 

March 31, 2011 

2.81 

1 month LIBOR 

50,000 

(312) 
 
 December 12, 2008 

January 1, 2009 

December 12, 2011 

(2) 

(2) 

20,245 

December 23, 2008 

January 5, 2009 

December 22, 2011 

1.86 

1 month LIBOR 

16,637 

(242) 
 
 January 16, 2009 

January 13, 2009 

January 13, 2012 

1.62 

1 month LIBOR 

22,000 

(282) 
 
 August 19, 2010 

August 31, 2010 

March 27,2012 

.63 

1 month LIBOR 

34,373 

(84) 
 
 October 15, 2010 

November 1, 2010 

December 19, 2011 

.77 

1 month LIBOR 

125,000 

(487) 
 
 October 15, 2010 

November 1, 2010 

April 23, 2013 

.94 

1 month LIBOR 

29,727 

(54) 

355,469 

(3,533) 

(1) 
 The fair value was determined by a discounted cash flow model based on changes in interest rates. 

(2) 
 Interest rate cap at 4.75 . We and MB REIT
entered into a put/call agreement as a part of the MB REIT transaction. This agreement is considered a derivative instrument and is accounted for pursuant to ASC 815. Derivatives are required to be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. If the
derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. The fair value of the put/call agreement is estimated using the
Black-Scholes model. 
 -65-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Index Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

67 

Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2010 and 2009 

68 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 
31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

69 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and
2008 

71 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and
2008 

74 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

77 

Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III) 

116 
 Schedules not filed: 
 All schedules other than the one listed in the Index have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the
financial statements or related notes. 
 -66-

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc.: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, and the related consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in
the three-year period ended December 31, 2010. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the financial statement schedule III. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2010, in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the
information set forth therein. /S/ KPMG LLP Chicago, Illinois March 11, 2011 
 -67-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Consolidated Balance Sheets (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share
amounts) 

December 31, 2010 

December 31, 2009 

Assets 

Assets: 

Investment properties: 

Land 

1,883,486 

1,684,793 

Building and other improvements 

8,411,621 

7,866,633 

Construction in progress 

306,673 

278,096 

Total 

10,601,780 

9,829,522 

Less accumulated depreciation 

(1,038,829) 

(717,547) 

Net investment properties 

9,562,951 

9,111,975 

Cash and cash equivalents 

267,707 

500,491 

Restricted cash and escrows 

96,089 

71,187 

Investment in marketable securities 

268,726 

217,061 

Investment in unconsolidated entities 

573,274 

453,782 

Accounts and rents receivable (net of allowance of 7,905 and 7,853) 

101,465 

80,145 

Notes receivable 

54,047 

423,478 

Intangible assets, net 

386,916 

389,136 

Deferred costs and other assets 

80,327 

80,956 

Total assets 

11,391,502 

11,328,211 

Liabilities and Equity 

Liabilities: 

Mortgages, notes and margins payable, net 

5,532,057 

5,085,899 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

33,672 

45,854 

Distributions payable 

35,267 

34,317 

Accrued real estate taxes 

52,479 

46,805 

Advance rent and other liabilities 

81,043 

94,881 

Intangible liabilities, net 

81,698 

76,379 

Other financings 

47,762 

47,762 

Total liabilities 

5,863,978 

5,431,897 

Noncontrolling redeemable interests 

264,132 

264,132 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, .001 par value, 40,000,000 shares authorized, none outstanding 

Common stock, .001 par value, 1,460,000,000 shares authorized, 846,406,774 and 823,619,190 shares issued and
outstanding 

846 

824 

Additional paid in capital (net of offering costs of 828,434, of which 788,272 was paid or accrued to
affiliates) 

7,605,105 

7,397,831 

Accumulated distributions in excess of net loss 

(2,409,370) 

(1,815,054) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 

49,430 

29,712 

Total Company stockholders equity 

5,246,011 

5,613,313 

Noncontrolling interests 

17,381 

18,869 

Total equity 

5,263,392 

5,632,182 

Total liabilities and equity 

11,391,502 

11,328,211 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -68-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year ended December 31, 2010 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

Year ended December 31, 2008 

Income: 

Rental income 

624,900 

534,641 

414,349 

Tenant recovery income 

93,927 

83,979 

74,169 

Other property income 

17,323 

18,433 

11,702 

Lodging income 

495,585 

459,724 

506,531 

Total income 

1,231,735 

1,096,777 

1,006,751 

Expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

36,668 

43,499 

34,087 

Property operating expenses 

136,353 

111,323 

84,445 

Lodging operating expenses 

316,757 

291,610 

299,184 

Real estate taxes 

91,575 

84,044 

70,233 

Depreciation and amortization 

432,081 

384,764 

313,765 

Business manager management fee 

36,000 

39,000 

18,500 

Provision for asset impairment 

46,584 

1,117 

Provision for goodwill impairment 

26,676 

11,199 

Impairment of notes receivable 

111,896 

74,136 

Total expenses 

1,207,914 

1,056,169 

831,413 

Operating income 

23,821 

40,608 

175,338 

Interest and dividend income 

33,040 

55,173 

81,274 

Other income 

1,845 

591 

70 

Interest expense 

(293,507) 

(248,267) 

(225,476) 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 

7,760 

Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities 

(18,684) 

(78,487) 

(46,108) 
 
 Impairment of investment in unconsolidated entities 

(11,239) 

(7,443) 

(61,993) 
 
 Gain (loss) on consolidated investment 

433 

(148,887) 

Realized gain (loss) and impairment on securities, net 

21,073 

34,155 

(262,105) 

Loss before income taxes 

(243,218) 

(352,557) 

(331,240) 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

4,518 

(627) 

(6,124) 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations 

(238,700) 

(353,184) 

(337,364) 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net 

71,408 

(35,825) 

(18,887) 

Net loss 

(167,292) 

(389,009) 

(356,251) 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(9,139) 

(8,951) 

(8,927) 

Net loss attributable to Company 

(176,431) 

(397,960) 

(365,178) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -69-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year ended December 31, 2010 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

Year ended December 31, 2008 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities 

40,491 

65,068 

(195,194) 
 
 Reversal of unrealized (gain) loss to realized gain (loss) on investment securities 

(21,073) 

(34,155) 

262,105 

Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives 

300 

5,220 

(9,054) 

Comprehensive loss 

(156,713) 

(361,827) 

(307,321) 

Net loss, per common share, from continuing operations 

(0.30) 

(0.45) 

(0.51) 

Net income (loss), per common share, from discontinued operations 

0.09 

(0.04) 

(0.03) 

Net loss, per common share, basic and diluted 

(0.21) 

(0.49) 

(0.54) 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

835,131,057 

811,400,035 

675,320,438 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -70-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) For the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

Number of Shares 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Distributions in excess of Net Income (Loss) 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Total 

Noncontrolling Redeemable Interests 

Balance at January 1, 2008 

548,168,989 

548 

4,905,710 

(227,885) 

(64,278) 

23,783 

4,637,878 

264,132 

Net loss 

(365,178) 

(318) 

(365,496) 

9,245 

Unrealized loss on investment securities 

(195,194) 

(195,194) 

Reversal of unrealized loss to realized loss on investment securities 

262,105 

262,105 

Unrealized loss on derivatives 

(9,054) 

(9,054) 

Distributions declared 

(418,694) 

(2,872) 

(421,566) 

(9,245) 
 
 Proceeds from offering 

231,961,443 

232 

2,327,910 

2,328,142 

Offering costs 

(242,897) 

(242,897) 

Proceeds from distribution reinvestment program 

25,485,006 

26 

242,087 

242,113 

Shares repurchased 

(11,041,431) 

(11) 

(102,993) 

(103,004) 

Issuance of stock options and discounts on shares issued to affiliates 

128 

128 

Balance at December 31, 2008 

794,574,007 

795 

7,129,945 

(1,011,757) 

(6,421) 

20,593 

6,133,155 

264,132 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -71-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) For the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

Number of Shares 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Distributions in excess of Net Income (Loss) 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Total 

Noncontrolling Redeemable Interests 

Balance at January 1, 2009 

794,574,007 

795 

7,129,945 

(1,011,757) 

(6,421) 

20,593 

6,133,155 

264,132 

Net loss 

(397,960) 

(294) 

(398,254) 

9,245 

Unrealized gain on investment securities 

65,068 

65,068 

Reversal of unrealized gain to realized gain on investment securities 

(34,155) 

(34,155) 

Unrealized gain on derivatives 

5,220 

5,220 

Distributions declared 

(405,337) 

(2,732) 

(408,069) 

(9,245) 
 
 Contributions from noncontrolling interests 

1,302 

1,302 

Proceeds from offering 

24,869,350 

25 

253,961 

253,986 

Offering costs 

(28,415) 

(28,415) 

Proceeds from distribution reinvestment program 

24,347,096 

24 

231,282 

231,306 

Shares repurchased 

(20,171,263) 

(20) 

(188,956) 

(188,976) 

Issuance of stock options and discounts on shares issued to affiliates 

14 

14 

Balance at December 31, 2009 

823,619,190 

824 

7,397,831 

(1,815,054) 

29,712 

18,869 

5,632,182 

264,132 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -72-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) For the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

Number of Shares 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Distributions 
in excess of Net Loss 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Total 

Noncontrolling Redeemable Interests 

Balance at January 1, 2010 

823,619,190 

824 

7,397,831 

(1,815,054) 

29,712 

18,869 

5,632,182 

264,132 

Net income (loss) 

(176,431) 

(106) 

(176,537) 

9,245 

Unrealized gain on investment securities 

40,491 

40,491 

Reversal of unrealized gain to realized gain on investment securities 

(21,073) 

(21,073) 

Unrealized gain on derivatives 

300 

300 

Distributions declared 

(417,885) 

(2,237) 

(420,122) 

(9,245) 
 
 Contributions from noncontrolling interests 

855 

855 

Proceeds from distribution reinvestment program 

22,787,584 

22 

207,274 

207,296 

Balance at December 31, 2010 

846,406,774 

846 

7,605,105 

(2,409,370) 

49,430 

17,381 

5,263,392 

264,132 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -73-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Dollar
amounts in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 2010 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

Year ended December 31, 2008 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

(167,292) 

(389,009) 

(356,251) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

443,787 

395,501 

320,792 

Amortization of above and below market leases, net 

(433) 

(1,688) 

(2,408) 
 
 Amortization of debt premiums, discounts, and financing costs 

18,424 

10,032 

11,419 

Amortization of note receivable discount 

(8,107) 

(3,208) 
 
 Straight-line rental income 

(17,705) 

(16,329) 

(17,457) 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 

(19,227) 

(7,760) 
 
 Gain on sale of property, net 

(55,412) 

(Gain) loss on consolidated investment 

(433) 

148,887 

Provision for asset impairment 

47,529 

34,051 

33,809 

Provision for goodwill impairment 

26,676 

11,199 

Impairment of notes receivable 

111,896 

74,136 

Equity in loss of unconsolidated of entities 

18,684 

78,487 

46,108 

Distributions from unconsolidated entities 

3,887 

9,040 

2,522 

Impairment of investment in unconsolidated entities 

11,239 

7,443 

61,993 

Realized (gain) loss on investments in securities 

(22,929) 

(38,193) 

15,941 

Impairment of investments in securities 

1,856 

4,038 

246,164 

Other non-cash adjustments 

(278) 

319 

228 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts and rents receivable 

(3,612) 

6,769 

542 

Prepaid rental and recovery income 

2,993 

8,389 

8,954 

Other assets 

580 

3,521 

2,987 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

(13,093) 

(8,906) 

4,549 

Accrued real estate taxes 

(1,883) 

12,560 

3,334 

Due to related parties 

(1,918) 

11,414 

908 

Net cash flows provided by operating activities 

356,660 

369,031 

384,365 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of RLJ Hotels 

(503,065) 
 
 Consolidation of Lauth 

392 

1,757 

Purchase of investment properties 

(365,427) 

(376,387) 

(981,183) 
 
 Acquired in-place and market-lease intangibles, net 

(74,841) 

(63,777) 

(53,095) 
 
 Capital expenditures and tenant improvements 

(109,827) 

(72,076) 

(83,618) 
 
 Investment in development projects 

(56,894) 

(134,453) 

(137,187) 
 
 Sale of investment properties 

301,189 

27,659 

Acquisition of joint venture interest 

(10,823) 
 
 Purchase of investment securities 

(86,986) 

(53,861) 

(228,411) 
 
 Sale of investment securities 

75,812 

131,017 

47,464 

Investment in unconsolidated entities, net 

(60,043) 

(27,909) 

(411,961) 
 
 Distributions from unconsolidated entities 

31,737 

32,081 

41,704 

Payment of leasing fees and franchise fees 

(8,211) 

(4,137) 

(3,693) 
 
 Purchase of note receivable 

(34,253) 

Payments from (funding of) notes receivable, net 

26,141 

417 

(196,345) 
 
 Restricted escrows 

(23,179) 

2,983 

(41,446) 
 
 Other assets 

3,705 

1,182 

49,175 

Net cash flows used in investing activities 

(380,685) 

(563,163) 

(2,484,825) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -74-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 2010 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

Year ended December 31, 2008 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from offering 

253,986 

2,328,142 

Proceeds from the dividend reinvestment program 

207,296 

231,306 

242,113 

Shares repurchased 

(192,548) 

(103,004) 
 
 Payment of offering costs 

(29,616) 

(246,777) 
 
 Distributions paid 

(416,935) 

(411,797) 

(405,925) 
 
 Proceeds from mortgage debt and notes payable 

432,873 

370,555 

1,021,844 

Payoffs of mortgage debt 

(429,737) 

(435,540) 

(138,707) 
 
 Principal payments of mortgage debt 

(16,812) 

(6,708) 

(3,375) 
 
 Proceeds from (paydown of) margin securities debt, net 

33,800 

(10,044) 

(35,113) 
 
 Payment of loan fees and deposits 

(8,617) 

(9,353) 

(11,032) 
 
 Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests 

(2,237) 

(2,732) 

(2,872) 
 
 Distributions paid to noncontrolling redeemable interests 

(9,245) 

(9,245) 

(9,245) 
 
 Contributions from noncontrolling interests 

855 

1,302 

Due from related parties, net 

(168) 

276 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 

(208,759) 

(250,602) 

2,636,325 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

(232,784) 

(444,734) 

535,865 

Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of year 

500,491 

945,225 

409,360 

Cash and cash equivalents, at end of year 

267,707 

500,491 

945,225 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Purchase of investment properties 

(779,986) 

(1,021,008) 

(1,131,748) 
 
 Tenant and real estate tax liabilities assumed at acquisition 

4,753 

13,440 

1,972 

Assumption of mortgage debt at acquisition 

457,685 

626,174 

147,423 

Non-cash (discount) premium 

(47,879) 

5,007 

205 

Other financings 

965 

(365,427) 

(376,387) 

(981,183) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -75-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 
2010 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

Year ended December 31, 2008 

Purchase of RLJ Hotels 

(932,200) 
 
 Assumption of mortgage debt at acquisition 

426,654 

Liabilities assumed at acquisition 

2,481 

(503,065) 

Cash paid for interest, net capitalized interest of 4,302, 9,648 and 7,032 for 2010, 2009 and 2008 

293,301 

245,912 

219,419 

Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Consolidation of Lauth assets 

38,365 

135,686 

Assumption of mortgage debt at consolidation of Lauth 

(37,890) 

(96,763) 

Liabilities assumed at consolidation of Lauth 

(1,345) 

(3,584) 

Property surrendered in exchange for extinguishment of debt 

10,492 

Property acquired through exchange of notes receivable 

142,827 

Conversion of note receivable to unconsolidated joint venture 

121,320 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -76-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 (1) Organization Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. (the Company was
formed on October 4, 2004 (inception) to acquire and manage a diversified portfolio of commercial real estate, primarily retail properties and multi-family (both conventional and student housing), office, industrial and lodging properties,
located in the United States and Canada. The Business Management Agreement (the Agreement provides for Inland American Business Manager Advisor, Inc. (the Business Manager ), an affiliate of the Company s
sponsor, to be the business manager to the Company. On August 31, 2005, the Company commenced an initial public offering (the Initial Offering of up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock Shares at 10.00 each and the
issuance of 40,000,000 shares at 9.50 per share available to be distributed pursuant to the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. On August 1, 2007, the Company commenced a second public offering (the Second Offering of
up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock at 10.00 per share and up to 40,000,000 shares at 9.50 per share available to be distributed through the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. On March 31, 2009, the Company filed a
registration statement to register 50,000,000 shares to be issued under the distribution reinvestment plan or DRP. Under the DRP, as amended, the purchase price per share is equal to 100 of the market price of a share of the
Company s common stock until the shares become listed for trading. Beginning with reinvestments made after September 21, 2010, and until a new estimated value per share has been established, the DRP purchase price is equal to 8.03 per
share. Effective April 6, 2009, the Company elected to terminate the Second Offering. The Company is qualified and has elected to be
taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, for federal income tax purposes commencing with the tax year ended December 31, 2005. Since the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company generally will not be
subject to federal income tax on taxable income that is distributed to stockholders. A REIT is subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that it currently distributes at least 90 of its REIT taxable
income (subject to certain adjustments) to its stockholders. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, without the benefit of certain relief provisions, the Company will be subject to federal and state income tax on its taxable
income at regular corporate tax rates. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income, property, or net worth and federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed
income. The Company has elected to treat certain of its consolidated subsidiaries, and may in the future elect to treat newly formed
subsidiaries, as taxable REIT subsidiaries pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code. Taxable REIT subsidiaries may participate in non-real estate related activities and/or perform non-customary services for tenants and are subject to federal and state
income tax at regular corporate tax rates. The Company s hotels are leased to certain of the Company s taxable REIT subsidiaries. Lease revenue from these taxable REIT subsidiaries and its wholly-owned subsidiaries is eliminated in
consolidation. The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, as well as all wholly owned
subsidiaries and consolidated joint venture investments. Wholly owned subsidiaries generally consist of limited liability companies (LLCs) and limited partnerships (LPs). The effects of all significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated.
 
 -77-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 At December 31, 2010, the Company owned a portfolio of 980 commercial real estate properties
compared to 952 properties at December 31, 2009. The breakdown by segment is as follows: 

Segment 
 
 Property Count 
 
 Square Ft/Rooms/Units 
 
 Retail 
 
 735 
 
 21,649,521 square feet 
 
 Lodging 
 
 99 
 
 15,380 rooms 
 
 Office 
 
 47 
 
 10,612,479 square feet 
 
 Industrial 
 
 72 
 
 15,959,342 square feet 
 
 Multi-Family 
 
 27 
 
 9,790 units (2) Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles GAAP and require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Revenue Recognition The Company commences revenue recognition on its leases based on a
number of factors. In most cases, revenue recognition under a lease begins when the lessee takes possession of or controls the physical use of the leased asset. Generally, this occurs on the lease commencement date. The determination of who is the
owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements determines the nature of the leased asset and when revenue recognition under a lease begins. If the Company is the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements, then the leased
asset is the finished space and revenue recognition begins when the lessee takes possession of the finished space, typically when the improvements are substantially complete. If the Company concludes it is not the owner, for accounting purposes, of
the tenant improvements (the lessee is the owner), then the leased asset is the unimproved space and any tenant improvement allowances funded under the lease are treated as lease incentives which reduces revenue recognized over the term of the
lease. In these circumstances, the Company begins revenue recognition when the lessee takes possession of the unimproved space for the lessee to construct their own improvements. The Company considers a number of different factors to evaluate
whether it or the lessee is the owner of the tenant improvements for accounting purposes. These factors include: 

whether the lease stipulates how and on what a tenant improvement allowance may be spent; 

whether the tenant or landlord retains legal title to the improvements; 

the uniqueness of the improvements; 

the expected economic life of the tenant improvements relative to the length of the lease; and 

who constructs or directs the construction of the improvements. The determination of who owns the tenant improvements, for accounting purposes, is subject to significant judgment. In making that determination, the Company considers all of the above factors. No one
factor, however, necessarily establishes its determination. 
 -78-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 Rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of each lease. The difference between
rental income earned on a straight-line basis and the cash rent due under the provisions of the lease agreements is recorded as deferred rent receivable and is included as a component of accounts and rents receivable in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. Revenue for lodging facilities is recognized when the services are provided. Additionally, the Company collects sales, use,
occupancy and similar taxes at its lodging facilities which it presents on a net basis (excluded from revenues) on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. The Company records lease termination income if there is a signed termination agreement, all of the conditions of the agreement have been met, the tenant is no longer occupying the property and amounts
due are considered collectible. The Company defers recognition of contingent rental income (i.e. percentage/excess rent) until the specified
target that triggers the contingent rental income is achieved. Consolidation The Company evaluates its investments in limited liability companies and partnerships to determine whether such entities may be a variable interest entity VIE ). If the entity is a VIE, the
determination of whether the Company is the primary beneficiary must be made. The primary beneficiary determination is based on a qualitative assessment as to whether the entity has (i) power to direct significant activities of the VIE and
(ii) an obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could be potentially significant to the VIE. The Company will consolidate a VIE if it is deemed to be the primary beneficiary, as defined in Financial Accounting
Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic on Consolidation. The equity method of accounting is applied to entities in which the Company is not the primary beneficiary as defined in the Consolidation
Topic of the FASB ASC, or the entity is not a VIE and the Company does not have effective control, but can exercise influence over the entity with respect to its operations and major decisions. 
 Reclassifications Certain
reclassifications have been made to the 2009 and 2008 consolidated financial statements to conform to the 2010 presentations. 
 Capitalization and Depreciation Real
estate acquisitions are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. 
 Depreciation expense is computed using the straight line method. Building and other improvements are depreciated based upon estimated useful lives of 30
years for building and improvements and 5-15 years for furniture, fixtures and equipment and site improvements. Tenant improvements are
amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease as a component of depreciation and amortization expense. 
 -79-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 Leasing fees are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease as a component of
depreciation and amortization. Loan fees are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest method, over the
life of the related loans as a component of interest expense. Direct and indirect costs that are clearly related to the construction and
improvements of investment properties are capitalized. Costs incurred for property taxes and insurance are capitalized during periods in which activities necessary to get the property ready for its intended use are in progress. Interest costs are
also capitalized during such periods. Additionally, the Company treats investments accounted for by the equity method as assets qualifying for interest capitalization provided (1) the investee has activities in progress necessary to commence
its planned principal operations and (2) the investee s activities include the use of such funds to acquire qualifying assets. 
 Investment Properties Held for Sale In
determining whether to classify an investment property as held for sale, the Company considers whether: (i) management has committed to a plan to sell the investment property; (ii) the investment property is available for immediate sale,
in its present condition; (iii) the Company has initiated a program to locate a buyer; (iv) the Company believes that the sale of the investment property is probable; (v) the Company has received a significant non-refundable deposit
for the purchase of the property; (vi) the Company is actively marketing the investment property for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its fair value; and (vii) actions required for the Company to complete the plan indicate
that it is unlikely that any significant changes will be made to the plan. If all of the above criteria are met, the Company classifies the
investment property as held for sale. On the day that these criteria are met, the Company suspends depreciation on the investment properties held for sale, including depreciation for tenant improvements and additions, as well as on the amortization
of acquired in-place leases. The investment properties and liabilities associated with those investment properties that are held for sale are classified separately on the consolidated balance sheets for the most recent reporting period.
Additionally, the operations for the periods presented are classified on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income as discontinued operations for all periods presented. As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, no
investment properties were classified as held for sale. Impairment The Company assesses the carrying values of the respective long-lived assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable.
If it is determined that the carrying value is not recoverable because the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed carrying value, the Company is required to record an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying value exceeds fair value. The
valuation and possible subsequent impairment of investment properties is a significant estimate that can and does change based on our continuous process of analyzing each property and reviewing assumptions about uncertain inherent factors, as well
as the economic condition of the property at a particular point in time. The use of projected future cash flows and related holding period is
based on assumptions that are consistent with the estimates of future expectations and the strategic plan the Company uses to manage its underlying business. However assumptions and estimates about future cash flows and capitalization rates are
complex and subjective. 
 -80-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

Changes in economic and operating conditions and the Company s ultimate investment intent that occur subsequent to the impairment analyses could impact these assumptions and result in future
impairment charges of the real estate properties. As of December 31, 2010, triggering events primarily related to a change in estimated holding period have occurred on certain properties and impairments of 46,584, 1,117, and 0 have been
recognized for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. In addition 945, 32,934, and 33,809 is included in discontinued operations. On a periodic basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators that the carrying value of the Company s investments in unconsolidated entities may be other than temporarily impaired. To
the extent impairment has occurred, the loss is measured as the excess of the carrying value of the investment over the fair value of the investment. For the year ended December 31, 2010, management determined that three of its unconsolidated
entities were impaired. The Company recorded impairment of 11,239 for the year ended December 31, 2010. The Company recorded its investment in these three unconsolidated entities based on an evaluation of fair value of the underlying
investment which includes a review of expected cash flows to be received from the investee. Impairment of 7,443 and 61,993 was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. Derivative Instruments In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to the
effect of interest rate changes. The Company limits these risks by following established risk management policies and procedures including the use of derivatives to hedge interest rate risk on debt instruments. 
 The Company has a policy of only entering into contracts with established financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and other factors. When
viewed in conjunction with the underlying and offsetting exposure that the derivatives are designed to hedge, the Company has not sustained a material loss from those instruments nor does it anticipate any material adverse effect on its net income
or financial position in the future from the use of derivatives. The Company recognizes all derivatives in the balance sheet at fair value.
Additionally, the fair value adjustments will affect either equity or net income depending on whether the derivative instruments qualify as a hedge for accounting purposes and, if so, the nature of the hedging activity. When the terms of an
underlying transaction are modified, or when the underlying transaction is terminated or completed, all changes in the fair value of the instrument are marked-to-market with changes in value included in net income each period until the instrument
matures. Any derivative instrument used for risk management that does not meet the criteria for hedge accounting is marked-to-market each period. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
 Marketable Securities The Company
classifies its investment in securities in one of three categories: trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. Held-to-maturity securities
are those securities in which the Company has the ability and intent to hold the security until maturity. All securities not included in trading or held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale. Investment in securities at December 31,
2010 and 2009 consists of common stock investments and investments in commercial mortgage backed securities that are all classified as available-for-sale 
 -81-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

securities and are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of other
comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific identification basis. A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is
deemed to be other than temporary, results in a reduction in the carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged to earnings and a new cost basis for the security is established. When a security is impaired, the Company considers whether it
has the ability and intent to hold the investment for a time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary.
Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment, the severity and duration of the impairment, changes in value subsequent to period end and forecasted performance of the investee. For the years ended December 31,
2010, 2009 and 2008, the Company recorded 1,856, 4,038 and 246,164, respectively, in other than temporary impairments. Notes Receivable
 The Company evaluates the collectability of both interest and principal of each of its notes receivable to determine whether it is
impaired. A note receivable is considered to be impaired when the Company determines that it is probable that it will not be able to collect all amounts due under the contractual terms of the note receivable. When a note receivable is considered
impaired, the amount of loss is calculated by comparing the recorded investment to the value determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at the note receivable s effective interest rate or to the fair value of the underlying
collateral if the note is collateral dependent. Provision of 111,896 for impairment was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2010. Provision of 74,136 for impairment was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2009. No provision was
recorded for the year ended December 31, 2008. If the Company considers a note receivable to be non-performing or the collectability is
uncertain based on the underlying collateral, it will place the note receivable on non-accrual status. The Company will recognize interest income on a cash basis, as received. If the fair value of the note receivable collateral decreases to less
than the amortized cost basis of the note receivable, any interest received will be recorded as a reduction of the note receivable basis. If the fair value of the collateral subsequently recovers to greater than the cost basis of the note
receivable, and if the note receivable is not otherwise in default, any interest payments will be recognized as interest income. 
 Acquisition of Real Estate The Company
allocates the purchase price of each acquired business (as defined in the accounting guidance related to business combinations) between tangible and intangible assets at full fair value at the date of the transaction. Such tangible and intangible
assets include land, building and improvements, acquired above market and below market leases, in-place lease value, customer relationships (if any), and any assumed financing that is determined to be above or below market terms. Any additional
amounts are allocated to goodwill as required, based on the remaining purchase price in excess of the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The allocation of the purchase price is an area that requires
judgment and significant estimates. The Company uses the information contained in the independent appraisal obtained at acquisition as the
primary basis for the allocation to land and building and improvements. The Company determines whether any financing assumed is above or below market based upon comparison to similar financing terms for similar investment
 
 -82-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

properties. The Company allocates a portion of the purchase price to the estimated acquired in-place lease costs based on estimated lease execution costs for similar leases as well as lost rent
payments during assumed lease up period when calculating as if vacant fair values. The Company also evaluates each acquired lease based upon current market rates at the acquisition date and considers various factors including geographical location,
size and location of leased space within the investment property, tenant profile, and the credit risk of the tenant in determining whether the acquired lease is above or below market lease costs. After an acquired lease is determined to be above or
below market, the Company allocates a portion of the purchase price to such above or below acquired lease costs based upon the present value of the difference between the contractual lease rate and the estimated market rate. For below market leases
with fixed rate renewals, renewal periods are included in the calculation of below market in-place lease values. The determination of the discount rate used in the present value calculation is based upon the risk free rate and current
interest rates. This discount rate is a significant factor in determining the market valuation which requires judgment of subjective factors such as market knowledge, economics, demographics, location, visibility, age and physical condition of the
property. The Company expenses acquisition costs of all transactions as incurred. All costs related to finding, analyzing and negotiating a
transaction are expensed as incurred as a general and administrative expense, whether or not the acquisition is completed. These expenses would include acquisition fees, if any, paid to an affiliate of the business manager. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company
considers all demand deposits, money market accounts and investments in certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements purchased with a maturity of three months or less, at the date of purchase, to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains its
cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions. The combined account balances at one or more institutions periodically exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance coverage and, as a result, there is a
concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. The Company believes that the risk is not significant, as the Company does not anticipate the financial institutions non-performance. 
 Restricted Cash and Escrows Restricted
escrows primarily consist of cash held in escrow comprised of lenders restricted escrows of 28,376 and 22,790, post acquisition escrows of 17,650 and 11,397, and lodging furniture, fixtures and equipment reserves of 35,055 and 28,825 as
of December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Restricted cash consists of funds contributed by sellers held by third party escrow agents pertaining to master leases, tenant improvements and other closing items as well as lender required escrows.
As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, the restricted cash balance was 15,008 and 8,175, respectively. Income Taxes 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributed to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or
settled. 
 -83-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 Goodwill The excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the amounts assigned to assets acquired (including identified intangible assets) and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill. Goodwill has
been recognized and allocated to specific properties in our lodging segment since each individual hotel property is an operating segment and considered a reporting unit. The Company tests goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently if events
or changes in circumstances indicate impairment. The Company tested goodwill for impairment by first comparing the estimated fair value of
each property with goodwill to the carrying value of the property s assets, including goodwill. The fair value is based on estimated future cash flow projections that utilize discount and capitalization rates, which are generally unobservable
in the market place (Level 3 inputs), but approximate the inputs the Company believes would be utilized by market participants in assessing fair value. The estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical
operating results, known trends, and market/economic conditions. If the carrying amount of the property s assets, including goodwill, exceeds its estimated fair value, the second step of the goodwill impairment test is performed to measure the
amount of impairment loss, if any. In this second step, if the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying amount of goodwill,
an impairment charge is recorded in an amount equal to that excess. For the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008, the Company recorded 0, 26,676 and 11,199. (3) Investment Properties Acquisitions 
 The Company records identifiable assets, liabilities, noncontrolling interests and goodwill acquired in a business combination at full fair value. During
the year ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, the Company incurred 1,805 and 9,617, respectively, of acquisition and transaction costs that were recorded in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and
other comprehensive income. The table below reflects acquisition activity for the year ended December 31, 2010. 

Segment 
 
 Property 
 
 Date 

Gross Acquisition Price 

Sq Ft/Units/Rooms 
 
 Retail 
 
 Retail Portfolio 16 properties 

03/04/2010 

424,300 

3,557,846 square feet 

Heritage Crossing 

03/23/2010 

29,500 

310,922 square feet 

Prestonwood Shopping Center 

04/21/2010 

48,300 

238,926 square feet 

Tulsa Hills Shopping Center 

04/23/2010 

54,100 

317,106 square feet 

University Oaks 

04/30/2010 

38,100 

235,906 square feet 

Sherman Town Center II 

12/30/2010 

19,300 

83,678 square feet 
 
 Lodging 
 
 Lodging Portfolio 4 hotels 

05/11/2010 

80,000 

598 rooms 

Marriott Dallas City 

09/30/2010 

50,000 

407 rooms 
 
 Industrial 
 
 Imagine Charter Schools 7 schools 

02/11/2010 

61,200 

292,211 square feet 
 
 Multi-family 
 
 Fannin Street Station Apartments 

01/15/2010 

57,600 

678 units 

Nantucket Apartments 

08/05/2010 

35,000 

394 units 

Total 

897,400 

-84-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 For properties acquired as of December 31, 2010, the Company recorded revenue of 84,789 and
property net income of 51,497, not including related expensed acquisition costs. (4) Discontinued Operations 
 The table below reflects divestiture activity for the year ended December 31, 2010. 

Segment 
 
 Property 
 
 Date 

Gross Sales Price 

Sq Ft/Units/Rooms 
 
 Lodging 
 
 Comfort Inn Riverview 

03/03/2010 

6,000 

129 rooms 

Comfort Inn University 

03/22/2010 

5,700 

136 rooms 

Hampton Inn Crabtree Valley 

06/01/2010 

4,300 

141 rooms 

Comfort Inn Medical Park 

06/22/2010 

5,100 

136 rooms 

Comfort Inn Orlando 

06/25/2010 

3,200 

214 rooms 

Hilton Garden Inn Chelsea 

09/08/2010 

68,400 

169 rooms 
 
 Office 
 
 Select Medical Portfolio 4 properties 

12/17/2010 

102,000 

217,710 square feet 
 
 Multi-family 
 
 Malibu Lakes Apartments 

12/20/2010 

42,600 

356 units 

Woodlands Apartments 3 properties 

12/22/2010 

71,300 

883 units 

Total 

308,600 

For the year ended December 31, 2010, the Company had proceeds from the sale of investment properties of
 301,189 and gains of 55,412 that were realized from the fourteen sales. In addition, the Company has transferred assets previously held by a consolidated joint venture to the lender in satisfaction of the outstanding debt balance. 
 The Company has presented separately as discontinued operations in all periods the results of operations for all disposed assets in both consolidated
operations and consolidated joint ventures. The components of the Company s discontinued operations are presented below and include the
results of operations for the respective periods that the Company owned such assets or was involved with the operations of such ventures during the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

Year ended December 31, 2010 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

Year ended December 31, 2008 

Revenues 

32,770 

33,369 

43,988 

Expenses (including interest expense and impairments of 945, 32,934 and 33,809) 

36,001 

69,194 

62,875 

Operating loss from discontinued operations 

(3,231) 

(35,825) 

(18,887) 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 

19,227 

Gain on sale of properties 

55,412 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net 

71,408 

(35,825) 

(18,887) 

-85-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 (5) Consolidated Entities Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. On October 11, 2005, the Company entered into a joint
venture with Minto (Delaware), LLC, or Minto Delaware who owned all of the outstanding equity of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. MB REIT prior to October 11, 2005. Pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement, the Company
purchased 920,000 shares of common stock of MB REIT at a price of 1,276 per share for a total investment of approximately 1,172,000 in MB REIT. MB REIT is not considered a VIE as defined in FASB ASC 810, Consolidation , however the Company
has a controlling financial interest in MB REIT, has the direct ability to make major decisions for MB REIT through its voting interests, and holds key management positions in MB REIT. Therefore this entity is consolidated by the Company and the
outside ownership interests are reflected as noncontrolling interests in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. A put/call
agreement that was entered into by the Company and MB REIT as a part of the MB REIT transaction on October 11, 2005 grants Minto (Delaware), LLC, referred to herein as MD, certain rights to sell its shares of MB REIT stock back to MB REIT. The
agreement is considered a free standing financial instrument and is accounted for pursuant to ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , (previously Statement of Financial Accounting Standard SFAS 150) and ASC 815,
 Derivatives and Hedging . Derivatives, whether designated in hedging relationships or not, are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. If the derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative
and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. This derivative was not designated as a hedge and the change in fair value is recorded in other income (loss) in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations and other comprehensive income. ASC 810, Consolidation, requires a noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary to be reported
as equity and the amount of consolidated net income specifically attributable to the noncontrolling interest to be identified in the consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, noncontrolling interests in the
Company are comprised of the ownership interests of (1) noncontrolling redeemable interests (Series A Preferred Interest) and other interests in Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. (MB REIT). The Series A Preferred Interest in MB REIT is subject to redemption features outside of the Company s control that results in presentation outside of permanent equity, reported at greater of carrying
value or redemption value. The noncontrolling interest is reported at its redemption value as noncontrolling redeemable interests in the Company s consolidated financial statements with a balance of 264,132 as of December 31, 2010 and
December 31, 2009. Lauth Consolidation On June 8, 2007, the Company, through a 100 owned subsidiary, entered into the LIP Holdings, LLC (LIP-H) operating agreement for the purpose of funding the development and ownership of real estate
projects in the office, distribution, retail, healthcare and mixed-use markets. As of January 6, 2009, control over LIP-H rests with the Company s subsidiary, resulting in the consolidation of LIP-H. The assets of LIP-H consist of eight
operating office and retail projects and a mezzanine loan to LIP Development (LIP-D), an entity related to Lauth Investment Properties, LLC (Lauth). The mezzanine loan with LIP-D is secured primarily by development projects at various stages of
completion, including vacant land. The consolidation resulted in a loss of 148,887 being recognized for the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 -86-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 Entities under control of Lauth went into bankruptcy in May of 2009. On July 21, 2009, the Company
filed an action against Lauth for their actions with regard to the Company s losses with its investment in LIP-H the lawsuit ). On September 14, 2010, the Company approved a settlement agreement relative to the Lauth
bankruptcy, which resolved all remaining issues. The agreement provided for the transfer of five additional properties and consideration of 1,000 in settlement of the mezzanine note. The closing of the settlement agreement and transfer of assets
occurred on October 1, 2010 and has been recorded by the Company in the fourth quarter of 2010 at fair value. The consolidation and retirement of the outstanding mezzanine loan resulted in a gain of 433 being recognized for the year ended
December 31, 2010 representing the excess of the fair value of the collateral received over the carrying value of note receivable. 
 Other Consolidated Entities The Company
has ownership interests in two consolidated development joint ventures. Stone Creek Crossing, L.P. is a retail shopping center development in San Marcos, Texas, which the Company contributed 26,790 and is entitled to receive an 11 preferred
return. Woodbridge Crossing, L.P. is a retail shopping center development in Wylie, Texas. As of December 31, 2010, the Company has contributed approximately 19,500 to the venture and is entitled to receive an 11 preferred return. 
 Stone Creek Crossing, L.P. is considered a VIE as defined in ASC 810, and the Company is considered the primary beneficiary for the joint venture.
Therefore, it is consolidated by the Company and the outside interests are reflected as noncontrolling interests in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Company has ownership interests of 67 in various limited liability companies which own nine shopping centers. These entities are considered VIEs as defined in ASC 810, and the Company is considered
the primary beneficiary of each of these entities. Therefore, these entities are consolidated by the Company. The entities agreements contain put/call provisions which grant the right to the outside owners and the Company to require these entities
to redeem the ownership interests of the outside owners during future periods. Because the outside ownership interests are subject to a put/call arrangement requiring settlement for a fixed amount, the these entities are treated as 100 owned
subsidiaries by the Company with the amount due the outside owners reflected as a financing and included within other financings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Interest expense is recorded on these liabilities in an amount
generally equal to the preferred return due to the outside owners as provided in the entities agreements. For those VIEs where the Company is
the primary beneficiary, the Company shall present the liabilities of the consolidated VIE, which are not recourse to the Company, and the assets that can be used only to settle those obligations. The applicable amounts for Stone Creek Crossing,
L.P. and the various limited liability companies are included in the consolidated balance sheets as presented in the table below. 

Net investment properties 

156,464 

Other assets 

10,457 

Total assets 

166,921 

Mortgages, notes and margins payable 

(95,188) 
 
 Other liabilities 

(50,538) 

Total liabilities 

(145,726) 

Net assets 

21,195 

-87-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 (6) Investment in Unconsolidated Entities 
 The entities listed below are owned by the Company and other unaffiliated parties in joint ventures. Net income, distributions and capital transactions
for these properties are allocated to the Company and its joint venture partners in accordance with the respective partnership agreements. The Company s partners manage the day-to-day operations of the properties and hold key management
positions. These entities are not consolidated by the Company and the equity method of accounting is used to account for these investments. Under the equity method of accounting, the net equity investment of the Company and the Company s share
of net income or loss from the unconsolidated entity are reflected in the consolidated balance sheets and the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 

Entity 
 
 Description 
 
 Ownership 

Investment at December 31, 2010 

Investment at December 31, 2009 

Net Lease Strategic Asset Fund L.P. 
 
 Diversified portfolio of net lease assets 

85 (a) 

160,487 

180,304 

Cobalt Industrial REIT II 
 
 Industrial portfolio 

36 (b) 

124,750 

79,511 

D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, LLC 
 
 Industrial and R D assets 

90 (c) 

57,389 

70,752 

NRF Heathcare, LLC 
 
 Senior housing portfolio 

(d) 

87,878 

94,872 

Centro/IA JV, LLC 
 
 Retail Shopping Centers 

(e) 

121,534 

Other Unconsolidated Entities 
 
 Various Real Estate Investments 

Various 

21,236 

28,343 

573,274 

453,782 

(a) 
 On August 10, 2007, the Company entered a joint venture with The Lexington Master Limited Partnership LMLP and LMLP GP LLC LMLP GP ), for
the purpose of directly or indirectly acquiring, financing, holding for investment, operating, and leasing real estate assets as acquired by the joint venture. The Company s initial capital contribution was approximately 127,500 and
LMLP s initial contribution was approximately 22,500. LMLP GP is the general partner who manages investments and day-to-day affairs of the venture. The Company analyzed the venture and determined that it was not a VIE. The Company also
considered its participating rights under the joint venture agreement and determined that such participating rights also require the agreement of LMLP, which equates to shared decision making ability, and therefore do not give the Company control
over the venture. As such, the Company has significant influence but does not control Net Lease Strategic Asset Fund L.P. Therefore, the Company does not consolidate this entity, rather the Company accounts for its investment in the entity under the
equity method of accounting. 

(b) 
 On June 29, 2007, we entered into a venture (Cobalt) to invest 149,000 in shares of common beneficial interest. Our investment gives us the right to a preferred
dividend equal to 9 per annum. The Company analyzed the venture and determined that it was not a VIE. The Company also considered its participating rights under the joint venture agreement and determined that such participating rights also
require the agreement of Cobalt, which equates to shared decision making ability, and therefore do not give the Company control over the venture. As such, the Company has significant influence but does not control Cobalt Industrial REIT II.
Therefore, the Company does not consolidate this entity, rather the Company accounts for its investment in the entity under the equity method of accounting. 
 -88-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

(c) 
 On April 23, 2007, the Company entered into a joint venture, D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, LLC, between the Company and Stephens Ventures III, LLC Stephens Member for the purpose of acquiring entities engaged in the acquisition, ownership, and development of real property. The Company s initial capital contribution was limited to approximately 90,000 and the Stephens
Member s initial contribution was limited to approximately 10,000. Stephens Stephens LLC Stephens ), an affiliate of the Stephens Member, is the managing member of D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, LLC. The Company
analyzed the venture and determined that it was not a VIE. The Company also considered its participating rights under the joint venture agreement and determined that such participating rights also require the agreement of Stephens Member, which
equates to shared decision making ability, and therefore do not give the Company control over the venture. As such, the Company has significant influence but does not control D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, LLC. Therefore, the Company does not
consolidate this entity, rather the Company accounts for its investment in the entity under the equity method of accounting. 

(d) 
 On July 9, 2008, the Company invested 100,000 in NRF Healthcare, LLC NRF in exchange for a Series A Convertible Preferred Membership interest and is
entitled to a 10.5 preferred dividend. NRF Healthcare owns 96 senior living properties containing 5,971 operating units/beds, one medical office building and a research campus totaling 313,204 square feet. This entity was previously known as
Wakefield Capital, LLC. The Company analyzed the venture and determined that it was not a VIE. The Company also considered its participating rights under the joint venture agreement and determined that such participating rights also require the
agreement of NRF, which equates to shared decision making ability, and therefore do not give the Company control over the venture. As such, the Company has significant influence but does not control NRF Healthcare, LLC. Therefore, the Company does
not consolidate this entity, rather the Company accounts for its investment in the entity under the equity method of accounting. 

(e) 
 On December 6, 2010, the Company entered into a Joint Venture with Centro NP Residual Holding LLC Centro ), resulting in the creation of Centro/IA JV,
LLC. The joint venture structure provides the Company with an equity stake of 121,534, a preferred capital position and preferred return of 11 . The joint venture has interest in 25 retail shopping centers, with a total value of approximately
 471,000. The properties comprise 4.5 million square feet and are located in 13 states. The venture has 10 year CMBS financing of approximately 310,000 secured by 24 properties. Prior to the close of the joint venture, the Company had an
existing participation on a portion of the prior first mortgage loan encumbering the 25 retail shopping centers. The Company converted the note receivable balance of 140,800 for the partnership interest of 121,320 and received 19,480 in cash as
described above. The Company analyzed the venture and determined that it was not a VIE. The Company also considered its participating rights under the joint venture agreement and determined that such participating rights also require the agreement
of Centro, which equates to shared decision making ability, and therefore do not give the Company control over the venture. As such, the Company has significant influence but does not control Centro. Therefore, the Company does not consolidate this
entity, rather the Company accounts for its investment in the entity under the equity method of accounting. For the year ended
December 31, 2010, management determined that three of its other unconsolidated entities were impaired. The Company recorded impairment of 11,239 for the year ended December 31, 2010. Impairment of 7,443 and 61,993 was recorded for the
years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. 
 -89-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 Combined Financial Information The Company s carrying value of its investment in unconsolidated entities differs from its share of the partnership or members equity reported in the combined balance sheet of the unconsolidated
entities because the Company s cost of its investment exceeds the historical net book values of the unconsolidated entities. The Company s additional basis allocated to depreciable assets is recognized on a straight-line basis over 30
years. 

December 31, 

2010 

2009 

Balance Sheets: 

Assets: 

Real estate, net of accumulated depreciation 

2,913,570 

2,208,528 

Real estate debt and securities investments 

86,346 

599,617 

Other assets 

335,640 

313,381 

Total Assets 

3,335,556 

3,121,526 

Liabilities and Equity: 

Mortgage debt 

2,063,151 

2,014,152 

Other liabilities 

109,265 

113,637 

Equity 

1,163,140 

993,737 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

3,335,556 

3,121,526 

Company s share of equity 

563,141 

437,671 

Net excess of cost of investments over the net book value of underlying net assets (net of accumulated depreciation of 1,446 and
 1,362, respectively) 

10,133 

16,111 

Carrying value of investments in unconsolidated entities 

573,274 

453,782 

December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Statements of Operations: 

Revenues 

287,694 

282,708 

248,406 

Expenses: 

Interest expense and loan cost amortization 

90,857 

104,854 

82,381 

Depreciation and amortization 

99,254 

111,389 

85,279 

Operating expenses, ground rent and general and administrative expenses 

100,954 

125,247 

89,283 

Impairments 

14,019 

197,949 

67,614 

Total expenses 

305,084 

539,439 

324,557 

Net loss before gain on sale of real estate 

(17,390) 

(256,731) 

(76,151) 
 
 Gain on sale of real estate 

553 

13,799 

Net loss 

(16,837) 

(242,932) 

(76,151) 

Company s share of: 

Net loss, net of excess basis depreciation of 84, 587 and 381 

(18,684) 

(78,487) 

(46,108) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization (real estate related) 

43,845 

41,300 

53,761 
 
 -90-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 In the table above, the balances as of December 31, 2008 and for the year ended December 31,
2008 include amounts for LIP-H, which has been consolidated as of January 6, 2009. The unconsolidated entities had total third party
debt of 2,063,151 at December 31, 2010 that matures as follows: 

2011 

200,671 

2012 

275,998 

2013 

306,493 

2014 

144,787 

2015 

194,587 

Thereafter 

940,615 

2,063,151 

The debt maturities of the unconsolidated entities are not recourse to the Company and the Company has no obligation to
fund, except for remaining commitments (Note 18), however, it is anticipated that the ventures will be able to repay or refinance all of their debt on a timely basis. (7) Transactions with Related Parties The following table summarizes the
Company s related party transactions for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. 

For the years ended 

Unpaid amount as of 

December 31, 2010 

December 31, 2009 

December 31, 2008 

December 31, 2010 

December 31, 2009 

General and administrative: 

General and administrative reimbursement 

(a) 

8,205 

8,975 

7,020 

1,862 

1,876 

Loan servicing 

(b) 

586 

480 

343 

Affiliate share purchase discounts 

(c) 

14 

126 

Investment advisor fee 

(d) 

1,447 

1,319 

2,162 

127 

118 

Total general and administrative to related parties 

10,238 

10,788 

9,651 

1,989 

1,994 

Property management fees 

(e) 

30,828 

26,413 

20,553 

100 

18 

Business manager fee 

(f) 

36,000 

39,000 

18,500 

10,000 

12,000 

Acquisition reimbursements capitalized 

1,370 

Acquisition fees 

(g) 

22,326 

Loan placement fees 

(h) 

845 

2,483 

1,798 

Offering costs 

(i) 

25,660 

232,090 

(a) 
 The Business Manager and its related parties are entitled to reimbursement for general and administrative expenses of the Business Manager and its related parties
relating to the Company s administration. Unpaid amounts as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 -91-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

(b) 
 A related party of the Business Manager provides loan servicing to the Company for an annual fee. Effective May 1, 2009, the loan servicing fees were reduced to
200 dollars per month, per loan for the Company s non-lodging properties. The Company s lodging properties will continue to be billed at 225 dollars per month, per loan and MB REIT properties at 200 dollars per month, per loan.

(c) 
 The Company established a discount stock purchase policy for related parties and related parties of the Business Manager that enables the related parties to purchase
shares of common stock at either 8.95 or 9.50 a share depending on when the shares are purchased. The Company sold 0, 18,067 and 142,396 shares to related parties and recognized an expense related to these discounts of 0, 14 and 126 for the
years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

(d) 
 The Company pays a related party of the Business Manager to purchase and monitor its investment in marketable securities. 

(e) 
 The property manager, an entity owned principally by individuals who are related parties of the Business Manager, is entitled to receive property management fees up to
4.5 of gross operating income (as defined), for management and leasing services. In addition, the property manager is entitled to receive an oversight fee of 1 of gross operating income (as defined) in operating companies purchased by the Company.
Unpaid amounts as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 are included in advanced rent and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. In addition to the fee, the property manager receives reimbursements of payroll costs for property level
employees. The Company reimbursed the property manager 4,384, 3,370 and 2,431 for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. 

(f) 
 After the Company s stockholders have received a non-cumulative, non-compounded return of 5 per annum on their invested capital, the Company pays
its Business Manager an annual business management fee of up to 1 of the average invested assets, payable quarterly in an amount equal to 0.25 of the average invested assets as of the last day of the immediately preceding quarter. For
the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, average invested assets were 11,411,953, 10,358,444 and 8,445,009 and operating expenses, as defined, were 69,091, 72,882 and 45,860 or 0.61 , 0.70 and 0.54 , respectively, of average
invested assets. The Business Manager has agreed to waive all fees allowed but not taken, except for the 36,000, 39,000 and 18,500 for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. 

(g) 
 The Company pays the Business Manager a fee for services performed in connection with acquiring a controlling interest in a REIT or other real estate operating company.
Acquisition fees, however, are not paid for acquisitions solely of a fee interest in a property. The amount of the acquisition fee is equal to 2.5 of the aggregate purchase price paid to acquire the controlling interest and, prior to 2009, was
capitalized as part of the purchase price of the company. 

(h) 
 The Company pays a related party of the Business Manager 0.2 of the principal amount of each loan placed for the Company. Such costs are capitalized as loan fees and
amortized over the respective loan term. 

(i) 
 The Business Manager and its related parties are entitled to reimbursement for salaries and expenses of employees of the Business Manager and its related parties
relating to the offerings. In addition, a related party of the Business Manager is entitled to receive selling commissions, and the marketing contribution and due diligence expense allowance from the Company in connection with the offerings. Such
costs are offset against the stockholders equity accounts. As of December 31, 2010, the Company had deposited 370
in Inland Bank and Trust, a subsidiary of Inland Bancorp, Inc., an affiliate of The Inland Real Estate Group, Inc. 
 -92-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 The Company is party to an agreement with an LLC formed as an insurance association captive (the
 Captive ), which is wholly-owned by the Company and three related parties, Inland Real Estate Corporation (IRC), Inland Western Real Estate Trust, Inc., and Inland Diversified Real Estate Trust, Inc. The Company paid insurance premiums of
 9,892, 7,726 and 6,130 for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. On February 24, 2009, the Company
purchased 35,000 IRC convertible bonds for 24,959 with a face value of 35,000 from an unaffiliated third party. The Company sold these bonds in the third quarter of 2009 for a total gain of 6,000. In addition, the Company held 843,200 shares of
IRC valued 7,426 as of December 31, 2010. On April 30, 2009, the Company purchased two properties from Inland Western Retail Real
Estate Trust, Inc. Inland Western ), another REIT previously sponsored by Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation, for approximately 99,000. The Company assumed debt of 63,100, with a rate of 4.3 per annum in the transaction.
On June 24, 2009, the Company purchased a property from Inland Western for approximately 62,600. The Company assumed debt of 44,500, with a rate of 5.34 per annum in the transaction. 
 (8) Notes Receivable The
Company s notes receivable balance was 54,047 and 423,478 as of December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, respectively, and consisted of installment notes from unrelated parties that mature on various dates through December 2013. The
notes are secured by mortgages on vacant land and hotel properties. Interest is due each month at rates ranging from 5.85 to 9.5 per annum. For the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, the Company recorded interest income from
notes receivable of 13,690, 34,462 and 30,822, including amortized discount of 0, 8,107 and 3,208, which is included in the interest and dividend income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 The table below represents a summary of the Company s notes receivable balance for the year ended December 31, 2010. 

Centro (a) 

Stan Thomas (b) 

Other 

Total 

Beginning balance 1/1/2010 

140,800 

214,627 

68,051 

423,478 

Additions 

34,000 

c 

34,000 

Conversion to Joint Venture 

(121,320) 

(121,320) 
 
 Conversion to Real Estate 

(100,000) 

(45,438) 
 
 c 

(145,438) 
 
 Impairment 

(94,627) 

(17,269) 
 
 d 

(111,896) 
 
 Paydown 

(19,480) 

(5,297) 

(24,777) 

Ending balance 12/31/2010 

20,000 

34,047 

54,047 

(a) 
 In the fourth quarter of 2010, the Company converted its notes receivable into a joint venture interest with Centro. See Note 6 for further details on this joint
venture. 

(b) 
 On October 22, 2010, the Company entered into a restructure agreement with a borrower, being Stan Thomas Properties on three loans. As part of the restructure, the
Company received title and all rights to two land parcels, located in Florida and California, that secured the notes receivable, and in return, the Company released its collateral rights to a third land parcel as well as the personal guarantees of
Stan Thomas. 
 -93-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 Prior to foreclosure, the Company recorded its note receivable at the estimated fair
values for the two land sites that were to be received as part of the restructure. The changes reduced the estimated fair value of the collateral to 120,000, resulting in impairment of 94,627 for the year ended December 31, 2010. The
California collateral subject to the restructure and foreclosure was recorded in investment properties, effective October 22, 2010, at its estimated fair value of 100,000. As of December 31, 2010, the note secured by the Florida property
remains a note receivable of 20,000. On March 8, 2011, the Company received title to the Florida property. 

(c) 
 In the first quarter of 2010, the Company purchased a note receivable in the amount of 34,000, which is collateralized by a shopping center. In the second quarter, the
Company foreclosed on the note and assumed ownership of the underlying collateral for 2,000 in cash plus the amount of the note receivable. In addition, the Company also settled on other notes receivable of 11,400 and recorded these assets in
investment properties. 

(d) 
 During the fourth quarter, the Company recognized an impairment on a note receivable with a carrying value of 35,821. The note is secured by improved and unimproved
land located in Florida. The Company considered in part a third party appraisal to assess the underlying collateral s fair value, which was estimated at 16,400. As of December 31, 2010, an impairment loss of 19,421 was recorded.
 For the year ended December 31, 2010, the Company recorded 111,896 of impairment losses. The impaired loans generated
 3,781 of interest income for the year ended December 31, 2010. (9) Investment in Marketable Securities 
 Investment in marketable securities of 268,726 and 217,061 at December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, respectively, consists of primarily
preferred and common stock investments in other REITs, certain real estate related bonds, and commercial mortgage backed securities which are classified as available-for-sale securities and recorded at fair value. 
 Unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of comprehensive
income until realized. Of the investment securities held as of December 31, 2010, the Company has net accumulated other comprehensive income of 52,965, which includes gross unrealized losses of 5,433. All such gross unrealized losses on
investments have been in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve months and such investments have a related fair value of 43,775 as of December 31, 2010. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific identification basis. The Company s policy for assessing recoverability of its available-for-sale
securities is to record a charge against net earnings when the Company determines that a decline in the fair value of a security drops below the cost basis and believes that decline to be other-than-temporary, which includes determining whether
(1) the Company intends to sell the debt security, and (2) it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the debt security before its anticipated recovery. During the year ended December 31, 2010, the Company
recorded impairment of 1,856 compared to an impairment of 4,038 and 246,164 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 for other-than-temporary declines on certain available-for-sale securities, which is included as a component of
realized gain (loss) and impairment on securities, net on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 -94-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 Dividend income is recognized when earned. During the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008,
dividend income of 18,386, 17,977 and 30,943 was recognized and is included in interest and dividend income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. (10) Leases Operating Leases 
 Minimum lease payments to be received under operating leases, excluding multi-family and lodging properties and rental income under master lease
agreements and assuming no expiring leases are renewed, are as follows: 

Minimum Lease Payments 

2011 

534,479 

2012 

502,377 

2013 

463,518 

2014 

429,635 

2015 

399,701 

Thereafter 

1,830,624 

Total 

4,160,334 

The remaining lease terms range from one year to 29 years. The majority of the revenue from the Company s properties
consists of rents received under long-term operating leases. Some leases provide for the payment of fixed base rent paid monthly in advance, and for the reimbursement by tenants to the Company for the tenant s pro rata share of certain
operating expenses including real estate taxes, special assessments, insurance, utilities, common area maintenance, management fees, and certain building repairs paid by the landlord and recoverable under the terms of the lease. Under these leases,
the landlord pays all expenses and is reimbursed by the tenant for the tenant s pro rata share of recoverable expenses paid. Certain other tenants are subject to net leases which provide that the tenant is responsible for fixed based rent as
well as all costs and expenses associated with occupancy. Under net leases where all expenses are paid directly by the tenant rather than the landlord, such expenses are not included in the consolidated statements of operations and other
comprehensive income. Under leases where all expenses are paid by the landlord, subject to reimbursement by the tenant, the expenses are included within property operating expenses and reimbursements are included in tenant recovery income on the
consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 -95-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 Ground Leases The Company leases land under noncancelable operating leases at certain of the properties which expire in various years from 2020 to 2084. Ground lease rent is recorded on a straight-line basis over the
term of each lease. For the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, ground lease rent was 2,067, 1,872 and 1,729, respectively. Minimum future rental payments to be paid under the ground leases are as follows: 

Minimum Lease Payments 

2011 

1,126 

2012 

1,142 

2013 

1,164 

2014 

1,192 

2015 

1,196 

Thereafter 

58,335 

Total 

64,155 

(11) Intangible Assets and Goodwill The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquired above market lease costs and acquired below market lease costs are amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease, including
the respective renewal period for below market lease costs with fixed rate renewals, as an adjustment to rental income. Amortization pertaining to the above market lease costs of 6,511, 3,052 and 2,777 was applied as a reduction to rental income
for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Amortization pertaining to the below market lease costs of 6,945, 4,740 and 5,185 was applied as an increase to rental income for the years ended December 31, 2010,
2009 and 2008, respectively. The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquired in-place lease intangibles is amortized on a straight
line basis over the life of the related lease. The Company incurred amortization expense pertaining to acquired in-place lease intangibles of 78,632, 74,126 and 66,110 for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The
portion of the purchase price allocated to customer relationship value is amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease. 
 -96-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company s identified intangible assets, intangible liabilities
and goodwill as of December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009. 

Balance as of December 31, 2010 

Balance as of December 31, 2009 

Intangible assets: 

Acquired in-place lease 

600,726 

541,259 

Acquired above market lease 

43,495 

30,422 

Acquired below market ground lease 

8,825 

8,825 

Advance bookings 

5,924 

5,782 

Accumulated amortization 

(279,815) 

(204,913) 

Net intangible assets 

379,155 

381,375 

Goodwill, net 

7,761 

7,761 

Total intangible assets, net 

386,916 

389,136 

Intangible liabilities: 

Acquired below market lease 

92,341 

81,425 

Acquired above market ground lease 

5,840 

5,840 

Accumulated amortization 

(16,483) 

(10,886) 

Net intangible liabilities 

81,698 

76,379 

The following table presents the amortization during the next five years related to intangible assets and liabilities at
December 31, 2010. 

2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

2015 

Thereafter 

Total 

Amortization of: 

Acquired above market lease costs 

(5,273) 

(4,492) 

(3,855) 

(3,538) 

(3,107) 

(10,571) 

(30,836) 
 
 Acquired below market lease costs 

5,932 

5,548 

5,210 

4,801 

4,586 

50,347 

76,424 

Net rental income increase 

659 

1,056 

1,355 

1,263 

1,479 

39,776 

45,588 

Acquired in-place lease intangibles 

64,029 

57,548 

48,675 

37,350 

31,352 

101,040 

339,994 

Advance bookings 

98 

47 

36 

181 

Acquired below market ground lease 

(228) 

(228) 

(228) 

(228) 

(228) 

(7,006) 

(8,146) 
 
 Acquired above market ground lease 

191 

187 

140 

140 

140 

4,475 

5,273 
 For the year ended December 31, 2010
and 2009, the Company recorded an impairment charge of 0 and 26,676 of its goodwill as a result of the effect of the slowdown in the economy and its impact on three properties, resulting in increases in the capitalization and discount rates used
for these properties. The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009 are in the table below. 

2010 

2009 

Goodwill 

45,636 

45,636 

Accumulated impairment losses 

(37,875) 

(11,199) 

7,761 

34,437 

Impairment losses 

(26,676) 

Balance at end of year 

7,761 

7,761 

-97-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 (12) Mortgages, Notes and Margins Payable 
 During the year ended December 31, 2010, the following debt transactions occurred: 

Balance at December 31, 2008 

4,437,997 

New financings 

370,555 

Assumed financings, net of discount 

722,531 

Paydown of debt 

(452,292) 
 
 Amortization of discount/premium 

7,108 

Balance at December 31, 2009 

5,085,899 

New financings 

466,673 

Assumed financings, net of discount 

449,461 

Paydown of debt 

(446,549) 
 
 Extinguishment of debt 

(29,630) 
 
 Amortization of discount/premium 

6,203 

Balance at December 31, 2010 

5,532,057 

Mortgage loans outstanding as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 were 5,508,668 and 5,056,398 and had a weighted average
interest rate of 5.1 and 4.9 , respectively. Mortgage premium and discount, net was a discount of 38,712 and a premium of 1,199 as of December 31, 2010 and 2009. As of December 31, 2010, scheduled maturities for the Company s
outstanding mortgage indebtedness had various due dates through December 2047. 

As of December 31, 2010 

Weighted average interest rate 

2011 

541,262 

3.79 

2012 

679,112 

3.98 

2013 

1,010,823 

4.83 

2014 

278,720 

5.61 

2015 

460,975 

5.61 

Thereafter 

2,537,776 

5.69 
 The Company is negotiating refinancing
certain debt maturing in 2011 with the existing lenders at terms that will most likely be at higher credit spreads and lower loan to value. It is anticipated that the Company will be able to repay, refinance or extend the maturities of all of the
debt on a timely basis, and the Company believes it has adequate sources of funds to meet short term cash needs related to these refinancings. Of the outstanding debt, approximately 635,866 is recourse to the Company. 
 Some of the mortgage loans require compliance with certain covenants, such as debt service ratios, investment restrictions and distribution limitations.
As of December 31, 2010, the Company was in compliance with all mortgage loan requirements except two loans with a carrying value of 16,580 and one loan for a consolidated joint venture with a carrying value of 10,135; neither of which are
cross collateralized with any other mortgage loans. The Company has purchased a portion of its securities through margin accounts. As of
December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, the Company has recorded a payable of 62,101 and 28,302, respectively, for securities 
 -98-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

purchased on margin. This debt bears a variable interest rate of the LIBOR plus 35 basis points. At December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, this rate was .609 and .585 . Interest
expense in the amount of 419, 168 and 3,776 was recognized in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 
 (13) Derivatives As of
December 31, 2010, in connection with nine mortgages payable that have variable interest rates, the Company has entered into interest rate swap and cap agreements, with a notional value of 355,469. The Company s interest rate swaps
involve the receipt of fixed-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making variable payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. Interest rate caps involve the receipt of
variable-rate amounts from a counterparty if interest rates rise above the strike rate on the contract in exchange for an up front premium. The interest rate swaps and cap were considered highly effective as of December 31, 2010. The fair value
of the Company s swaps increased 300 during the year ended December 31, 2010 and is reflected in other comprehensive income (loss) on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 The following table summarizes interest rate swap contracts outstanding as of December 31, 2010: 

Date Entered 
 
 Effective Date 

End Date 

Pay Fixed Rate 

Receive Floating Rate Index 

Notional Amount 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2010 

November 16, 2007 

November 20, 2007 

April 1, 2011 

4.45 

1 month LIBOR 

24,425 

(253) 
 
 March 28, 2008 

March 28, 2008 

March 27, 2013 

3.32 

1 month LIBOR 

33,062 

(1,819) 
 
 March 28, 2008 

March 28, 2008 

March 31, 2011 

2.81 

1 month LIBOR 

50,000 

(312) 
 
 December 12, 2008 

January 1, 2009 

December 12, 2011 

(1) 

(1) 

20,245 

December 23, 2008 

January 5, 2009 

December 22, 2011 

1.86 

1 month LIBOR 

16,637 

(242) 
 
 January 16, 2009 

January 13, 2009 

January 13, 2012 

1.62 

1 month LIBOR 

22,000 

(282) 
 
 August 19, 2010 

August 31, 2010 

March 27, 2012 

0.63 

1 month LIBOR 

34,373 

(84) 
 
 October 15, 2010 

November 1, 2010 

December 19, 2011 

0.77 

1 month LIBOR 

125,000 

(487) 
 
 October 15, 2010 

November 1, 2010 

April 23, 2013 

0.94 

1 month LIBOR 

29,727 

(54) 

355,469 

(3,533) 

(1) 
 Interest rate cap at 4.75 . Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities The Company records all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes in
the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether the Company has elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the
criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, are considered fair value
hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching
of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the
hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of its risk, even though hedge accounting does not apply or the Company elects not to apply hedge
accounting. 
 -99-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 Risk Management Objective of Using Derivatives 
 The Company is exposed to certain risk arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company principally manages its exposures to
a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk, primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of
its debt funding and through the use of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the Company enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the payment of future uncertain
cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates. The Company s derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount, timing, and duration of the Company s known or expected cash payments
principally related to the Company s borrowings. Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate
movements. To accomplish these objectives, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the
Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. The Company has elected to designate the interest rate swaps as cash flow hedging relationships. 
 The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. During the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, such derivatives were used to hedge the
variable cash flows associated with existing variable-rate debt. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings. During the year ended December 31, 2010, the Company recorded 473 of
ineffectiveness income as a result of the hypo and actual swap adjusting to market value, which is included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. The Company recorded 262 and 242 of
ineffectiveness expense during the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, which is included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments
are made on the Company s variable-rate debt. During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that an additional 2,839 will be reclassified to interest expense. 
 -100-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 The table below presents the fair value of the Company s derivative financial instruments as well
as their classification on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009. 

Liability Derivatives 

As of December 31, 2010 

As of December 31, 2009 

Balance Sheet Location 

Fair Value 

Balance Sheet Location 

Fair Value 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815: 

Interest Rate Products 

Advance rent and other liabilities 

3,533 

Advance rent and other liabilities 

4,533 
 The derivative instruments were
reported at their fair value of 3,533 and 4,533 in advance rent and other liabilities at December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, respectively, with a corresponding adjustment to other comprehensive income for the unrealized gains and
losses. Over time, the unrealized gains and losses held in accumulated other comprehensive income will be reclassified to earnings. This reclassification will correlate with the recognition of the hedged interest payments in earnings. 
 The tables below present the effect of the Company s derivative financial instruments on the consolidated statements of operations and other
comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008: 

Derivatives in ASC 815 Cash
Flow Hedging Relationships 
 
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in OCI
on Derivative (Effective Portion) December 31, 

Location of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI
into Income (Effective Portion) 

Amount of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income (Effective
Portion) December 31, 

Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative (Ineffective Portion
and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 

Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative 
(Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Interest Rate Products 

300 

5,220 

(9,054) 

Interest expense 

(4,508) 

(8,766) 

(3,254) 

Interest expense 

473 

(262) 

(242) During the year ended December 31,
2010, the Company recognized additional other comprehensive gain of 300 to adjust the carrying amount of the interest rate swaps to fair values at December 31, 2010. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company recognized
additional other comprehensive gain of 5,220 to adjust the carrying amount of the interest rate swaps to fair values at December 31, 2009. The interest rate swap settlements were offset by a corresponding adjustment in interest expense related
to the interest payments being hedged. Non-designated Hedges The Company has entered into a put/call agreement as a part of the MB REIT transaction. This agreement is considered a derivative instrument and is accounted for as such. The fair value of the put/call
agreement is estimated using the Black-Scholes model. The fair value of the option was 1,274 and 1,950 and is included as a liability in advance rent and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2010 and
 
 -101-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

December 31, 2009, respectively, with 676 included in other income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income at December 31, 2010. For the years ended
December 31, 2009 and 2008, 1,050 of income and 651 of expense was included in other income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. (14) Fair Value
Measurements Fair Value Measurements In accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures, the Company defines fair value based on the price that would be received upon sale of an asset or the exit price that would be
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company uses a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value. The fair value
hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which are described below: 

Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity has the ability to access. 

Level 2 - Observable inputs, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets;
quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets and
liabilities. This includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs. The Company has estimated the fair value of its financial and non-financial instruments using available market information and valuation methodologies the Company believes to be appropriate for these
purposes. Considerable judgment and a high degree of subjectivity are involved in developing these estimates and, accordingly, they are not necessarily indicative of amounts that would be realized upon disposition. 
 For assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, quantitative disclosure of the fair value for each major category of assets and
liabilities is presented below: 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2010 

Description 
 
 Using Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Using Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Using Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Available-for-sale real estate equity securities 

253,838 

Commercial mortgage backed securities 

14,888 

Total assets 

253,838 

14,888 

Put/call agreement in MB REIT 

(1,274) 
 
 Derivative interest rate instruments 

(3,533) 

Total liabilities 

(3,533) 

(1,274) 

-102-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2009 

Description 
 
 Using Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Using Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Using Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Available-for-sale real estate equity securities 

207,510 

Commercial mortgage backed securities 

9,551 

Total assets 

207,510 

9,551 

Put/call agreement in MB REIT 

(1,950) 
 
 Derivative interest rate instruments 

(4,533) 

Total liabilities 

(4,533) 

(1,950) 

Level 1 At
December 31, 2010 and 2009, the fair value of the available for sale real estate equity securities have been estimated based upon quoted market prices for the same or similar issues when current quoted market prices are available. Unrealized
gains on investment are reflected in unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities in other comprehensive income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. Level 2 To calculate the fair value of the derivative contracts, the Company primarily uses
quoted prices for similar contracts . The Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In
adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, the Company has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements. Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its
derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads, to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. However, as of December 31, 2010, the Company has assessed the significance of the effect
of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives. As a result, the Company has
determined that its derivative valuations in their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 -103-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 Level 3 The following table summarizes activity for the Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs as of December 31, 2010: 

Level 3 Assets 

Level 3 Liabilities 

Balance, December 31, 2008 

22,615 

(3,000) 
 
 Purchases 

2,447 

Sales 

(16,934) 

Realized gains 

3,447 

1,050 

Unrealized losses 

(2,024) 

Balance, December 31, 2009 

9,551 

(1,950) 
 
 Purchases 

Sales 

Realized gains 

676 

Unrealized gains 

5,337 

Balance, December 31, 2010 

14,888 

(1,274) 

The fair value of the commercial mortgage backed securities CMBS that do not have current quoted market prices
available has been estimated by discounting the estimated future cash flows. The lack of activity in the CMBS market has resulted in a lack of observable market inputs to use in determining fair value. The Company incorporated its own assumptions
about future cash flows and the appropriate discount rate adjusted for credit and liquidity factors. In developing these assumptions, the Company incorporated the contractual terms of the securities, the type of collateral, any credit enhancements
available, and relevant market data, where available. Subsequently, in the first quarter of 2011, CMBS was sold at 15,426. The Company s valuation of its put/call agreement in MB REIT is determined using present value estimates of the put
liability based on probable dividend yields. The following table summarizes activity for the Company s assets measured at fair value on
a non-recurring basis The Company recognized certain non-cash impairment charges to write the investments to their fair values in the year ended December 31, 2010. The asset groups that were impaired to fair value through this evaluation are:

As of December 31, 2010 

As of December 31, 2009 

Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Total Impairment Gain (Losses) 

Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Total Impairment Gain (Losses) 

Investment properties 

40,509 

(46,584) 

35,616 

(34,051) 
 
 Notes receivable 

36,400 

(111,896) 

11,500 

(74,136) 
 
 Investment in unconsolidated entities 

121,320 

(11,239) 

(7,443) 
 
 Consolidated investment 

37,496 

433 

137,443 

(148,887) 
 
 Goodwill 

7,761 

(26,676) 

Total 

235,725 

(169,286) 

192,320 

(291,193) 

-104-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 Investment Properties The Company s estimated fair value relating to the investment properties impairment analysis is based on a comparison of letters of intent, broker opinion of value and discounted cash flow
models, which includes contractual inflows and outflows over a specific holding period. The cash flows consist of unobservable inputs such as contractual revenues and forecasted revenues and expenses. These unobservable inputs are based on market
conditions and the Company s expected growth rates. Capitalization rates and discount rates are utilized in the model and are based upon observable rates that the Company believes to be within a reasonable range of current market rates. As of
December 31, 2010 and 2009, the impairment of the investment properties was 46,584 and 0, respectively. Certain properties were impaired prior to disposition and the related impairment charge of 945 and 34,051 is included in discontinued
operations for the year ended December 31, 2010 and 2009. Notes Receivable 
 When the Company assesses the potential impairment of the notes, an evaluation of the fair value of the collateral is performed through a review of third
party appraisals and discounted cash flow models. The Company s discounted cash flow model includes contractual inflows and outflows over a specific holding period and utilizes unobservable inputs based on market conditions and the
Company s expected growth rates. The Company believes the capitalization rates and discount rates utilized in the models are based upon observable rates that are within a reasonable range of current market rates. 
 The unobservable inputs used in the Stan Thomas note receivable evaluation include significant judgments of future long-term real estate, governmental
and economic conditions to develop cash-flowing investments from these land parcels. These primary inputs are conditioned on a long-term recovery of these real estate markets so that development of certain infrastructure relating to the parcels will
deliver positive risk-adjusted returns. For the year ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, the Company recorded 111,896 of impairment
losses and 74,136, respectively. Investment in Unconsolidated Entities The Company periodically reviews its investment in unconsolidated entities for impairment. The estimated fair value is based on reviews of the expected cash flows to be received from the respective
investee. In some instances, the Company may perform a discounted cash flow analysis on an unconsolidated entity s underlying assets. The cash flows comprise of unobservable inputs including expected and forecasted inflows and outflows over a
specific holding period. The Company believes the capitalization rates and discount rates used are based on observable rates present in the market place. The unconsolidated entities impairment loss recorded for year ended December 31,
2010 and 2009 was 11,239 and 7,443, respectively. The conversion of the note receivable to an investment in unconsolidated entities was
recorded at fair value; the fair value of 121,320 was based on the Company s evaluation of the underlying investee s assets, which included cash flows analyzes and a review of relevant capitalization rates. 
 -105-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 Consolidated Investment The Company valued the consolidating properties using a discounted cash flow model, including discount rates and capitalization rates on the expected future cash flows of the properties. The Company
estimated fair value of the debt by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at rates currently offered for similar debt instruments. These factors resulted in a loss on a consolidated investment of 148,887 for the year ended
December 31, 2009 and a gain of 433 for year ended December 31, 2010. Goodwill 
 The goodwill fair values were determined based on discounted future cash flows, as applicable, using unobservable inputs, such as management s
estimates of cash flows, and the eventual disposition. The discount and capitalization rates were based on observable rates present in the current market. For the year ended December 31, 2009, fair value of the goodwill was 7,761 and an
impairment of 26,676 was recognized. As of December 31, 2010, there was no impairment of goodwill. Financial Instruments not
Measured at Fair Value The table below represents the fair value of financial instruments presented at carrying values in our consolidated
financial statements as of December 31, 2010 and 2009. 

December 31, 2010 

December 31, 2009 

Carrying Value 

Estimated Fair Value 

Carrying Value 

Estimated Fair Value 

Mortgage and notes payable 

5,508,668 

5,408,898 

5,056,398 

4,872,189 

Margins payable 

62,101 

62,101 

28,302 

28,302 

Notes receivable 

54,047 

52,193 

423,478 

416,520 
 The Company estimates the fair value
of its mortgages and margins payable by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at rates currently offered to the Company for similar debt instruments of comparable maturities by the Company s lenders. The Company estimates the
fair value of its notes receivable by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at rates currently available to the Company for similar instruments or in the case of certain impaired loans, by determining the fair value of the collateral
supporting the loan. (15) Income Taxes The Company is qualified and has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, for federal income tax purposes commencing
with the tax year ending December 31, 2005. Since the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to federal income tax on taxable income that is distributed to stockholders. A REIT is subject to a number
of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that it currently distributes at least 90 of its REIT taxable income (subject to certain adjustments) to its stockholders. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any
taxable year, without the benefit of certain relief provisions, the Company will be subject to federal and state income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate tax rates. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company may
be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income, property or net worth and federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed income. 
 -106-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 In 2007, the Company formed the following wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiaries in connection with the
acquisition of the lodging portfolios and student housing: Barclay Holdings, Inc., Inland American Holding TRS, Inc., and Inland American Communities Third Party, Inc. In 2008, the Company formed Inland American Lodging Garden Grove Harbor TRS, LLC
in connection with an addition to the lodging portfolio. Taxable income from non-REIT activities managed through these taxable REIT subsidiaries is subject to federal, state, and local income taxes. As such, the Company s taxable REIT
subsidiaries are required to pay income taxes at the applicable rates. In addition, the Company is also subject to certain state and local taxes. The components of income tax expense for the years ended December 31: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Federal 

State 

Total 

Federal 

State 

Total 

Federal 

State 

Total 

Current 

1,502 

1,466 

2,968 

(2,043) 

1,728 

(315) 

3,216 

2,370 

5,586 

Deferred 

(6,698) 

(788) 

(7,486) 

859 

83 

942 

601 

(63) 

538 

Total income expense (benefit) 

(5,196) 

678 

(4,518) 

(1,184) 

1,811 

627 

3,817 

2,307 

6,124 
 The components of the deferred tax
assets and liabilities at December 31, 2010 and 2009 were as follows: 

2010 

2009 

Net operating loss Barclay Holding, Inc. 

7,146 

4,168 

Net operating loss - Inland American Holding TRS, Inc. 

5,260 

2,736 

Basis difference IA-Holding 

108 

Lease acquisition costs - Barclay Holding, Inc. 

941 

1,883 

Depreciation expense Barclay Holding, Inc. 

849 

459 

Total deferred tax assets 

14,304 

9,246 

Less: Valuation allowance 

(5,969) 

(7,011) 

Net deferred tax assets 

8,335 

2,235 

Gain on sales of real estate, net of depreciation effect 

1,408 

Straight-line rents 

7 

Others 

(30) 

Deferred tax liabilities 

1,385 

Federal net operating loss carryforwards amounting to 31,981 begin to expire in 2023, if not utilized by then. 
 Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is more likely than not that they will be realized based on consideration of available
evidence, including future reversal of existing taxable temporary difference, future projected taxable income, and tax planning strategies. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than
not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become
deductible. The Company has considered various factors, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. 
 -107-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the
periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences, net of the existing valuation allowance of 5,969 at
December 31, 2010. The amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions The Company had
no unrecognized tax benefits as of or during the three year period ended December 31, 2010. The Company expects no significant increases or decreases in unrecognized tax benefits due to changes in tax positions within one year of
December 31, 2010. The Company has no material interest or penalties relating to income taxes recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008 or
in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2010 and 2009. As of December 31, 2010, all of the Company s tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. and various state tax jurisdictions. 
 Distributions For federal income tax
purposes, distributions may consist of ordinary income, qualifying dividends, return of capital, capital gains or a combination thereof. Distributions to the extent of the Company s current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal
income tax purposes are taxable to the recipient as ordinary income. Distributions in excess of these earnings and profits will constitute a non-taxable return of capital rather than a dividend and will reduce the recipient s basis in the
shares. A summary of the average taxable nature of the Company s common distributions paid for each of the years in the three year
period ended December 31, 2010 is as follows: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Ordinary income 

0.17 

0.14 

0.32 

Return of capital 

0.33 

0.37 

0.30 

Total distributions per share 

0.50 

0.51 

0.62 

(16) Segment Reporting The Company has five business segments: Office, Retail, Industrial, Lodging and Multi-family. The Company evaluates segment performance primarily based on net property operations. Net property operations
of the segments do not include interest expense, depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses, noncontrolling interest expense or interest and other investment income from corporate investments. The non-segmented assets
primarily include the Company s cash and cash equivalents, investment in marketable securities, construction in progress, investment in unconsolidated entities and notes receivable. Prior to October 1, 2010, the Company considered the net property operations of the LIP-H assets, which consisted of eight operating office and retail properties, a segment. Due to the settlement and
consolidation of the remaining Lauth assets and the disposition of four of eight LIP-H assets, the Company no longer evaluates the net property operations of these assets as a segment. As of December 31, 2010, the assets of the LIP-H segment
were classified into the appropriate segment as identified above. The Company has restated the prior years comparatives to conform with current year presentation. 
 -108-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2010, approximately 9 of the Company s rental revenue was
generated by over 400 retail banking properties leased to SunTrust Banks, Inc Also, as of December 31, 2010, approximately 7 of the Company s rental revenue was generated by three properties leased to AT T, Inc. As a result of the
concentration of revenue generated from these properties, if SunTrust or AT T were to cease paying rent or fulfilling its other monetary obligations, the Company could have significantly reduced rental revenues or higher expenses until the
defaults were cured or the properties were leased to a new tenant or tenants. 
 -109-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 The following table summarizes net property operations income by segment for the year ended
December 31, 2010. 

Total 

Office 

Retail 

Industrial 

Lodging 

Multi- Family 

Property rentals 

606,761 

149,846 

289,324 

85,307 

82,284 

Straight-line rents 

17,705 

5,809 

6,954 

4,504 

438 

Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 

434 

(761) 

2,706 

(1,511) 

Total rental income 

624,900 

154,894 

298,984 

88,300 

82,722 

Tenant recovery income 

93,927 

30,219 

60,836 

2,499 

373 

Other property income 

17,323 

4,245 

5,329 

1,104 

6,645 

Lodging income 

495,585 

495,585 

Total income 

1,231,735 

189,358 

365,149 

91,903 

495,585 

89,740 

Operating expenses 

(544,685) 

(49,469) 

(96,952) 

(7,866) 

(342,280) 

(48,118) 

Net property operations 

687,050 

139,889 

268,197 

84,037 

153,305 

41,622 

Depreciation and amortization 

(432,081) 

Business manager management fee 

(36,000) 

General and administrative expenses 

(36,668) 

Interest and dividend income 

33,040 

Interest expense 

(293,507) 

Income tax benefit 

4,518 

Other income 

1,845 

Realized gain and impairment on securities, net 

21,073 

Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities 

(18,684) 

Impairment of investment in unconsolidated entities 

(11,239) 

Provision for asset impairment 

(46,584) 

Impairment of notes receivable 

(111,896) 

Gain on consolidated investment 

433 

Net loss from continuing operations 

(238,700) 

Income from discontinued operations, net 

71,408 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(9,139) 

Net loss attributable to Company 

(176,431) 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Real estate assets, net 

9,643,194 

1,730,995 

3,745,959 

944,181 

2,424,363 

797,696 

Non-segmented assets 

1,748,308 

Total Assets 

11,391,502 

Capital expenditures 

101,723 

7,114 

17,674 

903 

73,757 

2,275 
 
 -110-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 The following table summarizes net property operations income by segment for the year ended
December 31, 2009. 

Total 

Office 

Retail 

Industrial 

Lodging 

Multi- Family 

Property rentals 

515,988 

147,298 

234,861 

71,743 

62,086 

Straight-line rents 

16,965 

6,081 

5,743 

4,730 

411 

Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 

1,688 

(620) 

2,695 

(387) 

Total rental income 

534,641 

152,759 

243,299 

76,086 

62,497 

Tenant recovery income 

83,979 

29,533 

50,045 

4,106 

295 

Other property income 

18,433 

6,087 

6,382 

1,083 

4,881 

Lodging income 

459,724 

459,724 

Total income 

1,096,777 

188,379 

299,726 

81,275 

459,724 

67,673 

Operating expenses 

(486,977) 

(47,645) 

(78,486) 

(8,157) 

(317,878) 

(34,811) 

Net property operations 

609,800 

140,734 

221,240 

73,118 

141,846 

32,862 

Depreciation and amortization 

(384,764) 

Business manager management fee 

(39,000) 

General and administrative expenses 

(43,499) 

Interest and dividend income 

55,173 

Interest expense 

(248,267) 

Loss on consolidated investment 

(148,887) 

Income tax expense 

(627) 

Other income 

591 

Realized gain and impairment on securities, net 

34,155 

Impairment of notes receivable 

(74,136) 

Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities 

(78,487) 

Impairment of investment in unconsolidated entities 

(7,443) 

Provision for asset impairment 

(1,117) 

Provision for goodwill impairment 

(26,676) 

Net loss from continuing operations 

(353,184) 

Loss from discontinued operations, net 

(35,825) 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(8,951) 

Net loss attributable to Company 

(397,960) 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Real estate assets, net 

9,223,015 

1,861,529 

3,236,729 

921,209 

2,456,454 

747,094 

Non-segmented assets 

2,105,196 

Total Assets 

11,328,211 

Capital expenditures 

48,995 

9,096 

4,090 

85 

34,929 

795 
 
 -111-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 The following table summarizes net property operations income by segment for the year ended
December 31, 2008. 

Total 

Office 

Retail 

Industrial 

Lodging 

Multi- Family 

Property rentals 

394,766 

104,900 

196,060 

63,236 

30,570 

Straight-line rents 

17,174 

5,259 

6,986 

4,732 

197 

Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 

2,409 

(749) 

3,545 

(387) 

Total rentals 

414,349 

109,410 

206,591 

67,581 

30,767 

Tenant recoveries 

74,169 

27,034 

43,411 

3,759 

(35) 
 
 Other income 

11,702 

5,733 

3,322 

132 

2,515 

Lodging operating income 

506,531 

506,531 

Total revenues 

1,006,751 

142,177 

253,324 

71,472 

506,531 

33,247 

Total operating expenses 

(453,862) 

(41,956) 

(65,725) 

(6,929) 

(322,221) 

(17,031) 

Net property operations 

552,889 

100,221 

187,599 

64,543 

184,310 

16,216 

Depreciation and amortization 

(313,765) 

General and administrative expenses 

(34,087) 

Business manager management fee 

(18,500) 

Interest and dividend income 

81,274 

Interest expense 

(225,476) 

Income tax expense 

(6,124) 

Other income 

70 

Realized loss and impairment on securities, net 

(262,105) 

Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities 

(46,108) 

Impairment of investment in unconsolidated entities 

(61,993) 

Provision for goodwill impairment 

(11,199) 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

7,760 

Net loss from continuing operations 

(337,364) 

Income from discontinued operations, net 

(18,887) 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(8,927) 

Net loss attributable to Company 

(365,178) 

-112-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 (17) Earnings (loss) per Share Basic earnings (loss) per share EPS are computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period (the common shares ).
Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the common shares plus potential common shares issuable upon exercising options or other contracts. There are an immaterial amount of potentially dilutive common shares. 
 The basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding was 835,131,057, 811,400,035 and 675,320,438 for the years ended
December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. (18) Commitments and Contingencies The Company has closed on several properties which have earnout components, meaning the Company did not pay for portions of these properties that were not rent producing. The Company is obligated, under
certain agreements, to pay for those portions when the tenant moves into its space and begins to pay rent. The earnout payments are based on a predetermined formula. Each earnout agreement has a limited obligation period to pay any additional
monies. If at the end of the time period allowed certain space has not been leased and occupied, the Company will own that space without any further obligation. Based on pro forma leasing rates, the Company may pay as much as 31,839 in the future
as vacant space covered by earnout agreements is occupied and becomes rent producing. As part of the Company s consolidated MB REIT
joint venture with Minto Delaware, the Company could be required to redeem Minto Delaware s interest in MB REIT beginning on October 11, 2011 subject to the terms and conditions below: 

On or after October 11, 2011 until October 11, 2012, Minto Holdings, an affiliate of Minto Delaware, has the option to require the Company to
purchase, in whole, but not in part, 100 of the Minto Delaware s investment in the MB REIT (consisting of the series A preferred stock and common stock) for a price equal to (A) if the shares of the Company s common stock are not
listed, on the earlier of (x) the date the Company purchases Minto Delaware s investment or (y) 150 days after the date written notice of the exercise of the initial purchase right is given, the sum of (1) the series A
liquidation preference, payable in cash and (2) 29,300 or (B) if the shares of the Company s stock are listed, on the earlier of (x) the date the Company purchases Minto Delaware s investment or (y) 150 days after the
date written notice of the exercise of the initial purchase right is given, the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference, payable in cash and (2) 2,934,800 shares of common stock. The series A liquidation preference is equal to
 1,276 per share for 207,000 shares of series A preferred stock plus accrued and unpaid dividends. 

On or after October 11, 2012, Minto Holdings has an option to require the Company to purchase, in whole, but not in part, 100 of the Minto
Delaware investment for a price equal to (A) if the shares of the Company s common stock are not listed, on the earlier of (x) the date the Company purchases the Minto Delaware investment or (y) 150 days after written notice of a
subsequent purchase right is given, the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference, payable in cash and (2) the fair market value (pursuant to a specified formula) of the common stock held by Minto Delaware on the date written notice
of the subsequent purchase right is given, payable in cash, or (B) if the shares of the Company s common stock are listed, on the earlier of (x) the date the Company purchases the Minto Delaware equity or (y) 150 days after
written notice of the subsequent purchase right is given, the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference, payable in cash and (2) 2,934,800 shares of common stock. 
 -113-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

On or after October 11, 2015, so long as the MB REIT qualifies as a domestically controlled REIT, MB REIT has the right to purchase,
in whole, but not in part, 100 of Minto Delaware s investment for a price equal to (A) if the shares of the Company s common stock are not listed, the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference, payable in cash and
(2) the fair market value (pursuant to a specified formula) of the common stock of MB REIT held by Minto Delaware or (B) if the shares of the Company s common stock are listed, the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference,
payable in cash and (2) 2,934,800 shares of common stock. Certain leases and operating agreements within the lodging
segment require the Company to reserve funds relating to replacements and renewals of the hotels furniture, fixtures and equipment. As of December 31, 2010, the Company has funded 50,098 in reserves for future improvements. This amount
is included in restricted cash and escrows on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2010. Contemporaneous with the
Company s merger with Winston Hotels, Inc., its wholly-owned subsidiary, Inland American Winston Hotels, Inc., referred to herein as Inland American Winston, WINN Limited Partnership, or WINN, and Crockett Capital
Corporation, or Crockett, memorialized in a development memorandum their intentions to subsequently negotiate and enter into a series of contracts to develop certain hotel properties, including without limitation a Westin Hotel in
Durham, North Carolina, a Hampton Inn Suites/Aloft Hotel in Raleigh, North Carolina, an Aloft Hotel in Chapel Hill, North Carolina and an Aloft Hotel in Cary, North Carolina (collectively referred to herein as the development
hotels ). On March 6, 2008, Crockett filed an amended complaint in the General Court of Justice of the State of North Carolina
against Inland American Winston and WINN. The amended complaint alleges that the development memorandum reflecting the parties intentions regarding the development hotels was instead an agreement that legally bound the parties. The amended
complaint further claims that Inland American Winston and WINN breached the terms of the alleged agreement by failing to take certain actions to develop the Cary, North Carolina hotel and by refusing to convey their rights in the three other
development hotels to Crockett. The amended complaint seeks, among other things, monetary damages in an amount not less than 4,800 with respect to the Cary, North Carolina property. With respect to the remaining three development hotels, the
amended complaint seeks specific performance in the form of an order directing Inland American Winston and WINN to transfer their rights in the hotels to Crockett or, alternatively, monetary damages in an amount not less than 20,100. Inland
American Winston and WINN deny these claims and, on March 26, 2008, filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On March 13, 2009, the court denied the motion to dismiss. Inland American Winston and WINN have filed answers and
affirmative defenses to the amended complaint as well as counter claims against Crockett. Contemporaneously with the close of fact discovery, Crockett sought leave to amend its complaint to add another cause of action and to seek treble damages and
attorneys fees, which was granted. Expert discovery has been completed. Based upon an expert report recently received from Crockett, it was originally believed that Crockett s maximum claim, without the inclusion of treble damages or
attorneys fees, was approximately 16,800. On February 28, 2011, the Court ruled on cross motions for summary judgment, which were filed by the parties. The result of the ruling on the cross motions is that certain claims against WINN by
Crockett were dismissed, including the treble damages claim and claims relating to two of the hotel properties at issue. Most of the WINN s counter-claims against Crockett were also dismissed as a result of the ruling. Based upon the expert
report referenced above, it is now believed that the maximum claim against WINN is approximately 7,000 exclusive of any claimed interest. WINN believes a trial on these remaining claims will likely take place by the end of 2011. The outcome of this
lawsuit cannot be predicted with any certainty and management is currently unable to estimate an amount or range of potential loss that could result if an unfavorable outcome occurs. 
 -114-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 
 
 While management does not believe that an adverse outcome in the above lawsuit would have a material
adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, there can be no assurance that an adverse outcome would not have a material effect on the Company s results of operations for any particular period. 
 The Company has also filed a number of eviction actions against tenants and is involved in a number of tenant bankruptcies. The tenants in some of the
eviction cases may file counterclaims against the Company in an attempt to gain leverage against the Company in connection with the eviction. In the opinion of the Company, none of these counterclaims is likely to result in any material losses to
the Company. (19) Subsequent Events Subsequent to year end, the Company purchased one property for 25,500. The Company entered into
two interest rate swap transactions at a rate of 0.912 over a notional amount of 49,671. We have adopted an Amended and Restated Share
Repurchase Program SRP ), effective April 11, 2011, to repurchase shares, on a quarterly basis, due to death of the beneficial owner. Beginning April 11, 2011, we will begin accepting share repurchase requests due to the death of
any beneficial owner of shares, with checks distributed by the end of the calendar quarter. There will be 5 million available each quarter to repurchase shares at a price per share of 7.23, which is equal to 90 of the most recently disclosed
estimated per share value of 8.03. Additionally in accordance with the SRP, the aggregate number of shares repurchased will be limited to 5.0 of the total number of issued and outstanding shares during any consecutive 12 calendar month period.
 (20) Quarterly Supplemental Financial Information (unaudited) The following represents the results of operations, for each quarterly period, during 2010 and 2009. 

2010 

Dec. 31 

Sept. 30 

June 30 

March 31 

Total income 

295,149 

321,174 

322,415 

292,997 

Net loss 

(18,338) 

(119,894) 

(1,963) 

(27,097) 
 
 Net loss attributable to Company 

(20,483) 

(122,480) 

(4,129) 

(29,339) 
 
 Net loss, per common share, basic and diluted (1) 

(.01) 

(.15) 

(.01) 

(.04) 
 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 

843,554,275 

837,717,745 

832,322,161 

826,716,592 

2009 

Dec. 31 

Sept. 30 

June 30 

March 31 

Total income 

271,025 

277,255 

280,701 

267,796 

Net loss 

(157,594) 

(27,049) 

(37,333) 

(167,033) 
 
 Net loss attributable to Company 

(159,755) 

(29,458) 

(39,505) 

(169,242) 
 
 Net loss, per common share, basic and diluted (1) 

(.19) 

(.04) 

(.05) 

(.21) 
 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 

821,020,633 

815,129,571 

808,952,703 

800,227,755 

(1) 
 Quarterly income per common share amounts may not total to the annual amounts due to rounding and the changes in the number of weighted common shares outstanding
 
 -115-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2010 

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

Retail 

14th STREET MARKET 

7,712 

3,500 

9,241 

8 

3,500 

9,249 

12,749 

1,214 

2007 

Plano, TX 

24 HOUR FITNESS - 249 JONES 

2,650 

7,079 

190 

2,650 

7,269 

9,919 

1,363 

2005 

Houston, TX 

24 HOUR FITNESS - THE WOODLANDS 

1,540 

11,287 

1,540 

11,287 

12,827 

2,074 

2005 

Woodlands, TX 

6101 RICHMOND AVENUE 

1,700 

1,264 

1,700 

1,264 

2,964 

243 

2005 

Houston, TX 

825 RAND 

5,767 

1,700 

7,931 

(4,627) 

1,700 

3,304 

5,004 

66 

2005 

Lake Zurich, IL 

95th and CICERO 

8,949 

4,500 

9,910 

(24) 

4,500 

9,886 

14,386 

817 

2008 

Oak Lawn, IL 

ALCOA EXCHANGE 

12,810 

4,900 

15,577 

20 

4,900 

15,598 

20,498 

1,467 

2008 

Bryant, AR 

ALCOA EXCHANGE II 

1,300 

5,511 

1,300 

5,511 

6,811 

390 

2009 

Benton, AR 

ANDERSON CENTRAL 

13,653 

2,800 

9,961 

2,800 

9,961 

12,761 

294 

2010 

Anderson, SC 

ANTOINE TOWN CENTER 

1,645 

7,343 

66 

1,645 

7,409 

9,054 

1,345 

2005 

Houston, TX 

ASHFORD PLAZA 

900 

2,440 

231 

900 

2,671 

3,571 

529 

2005 

Houston, TX 

ATASCOCITA SHOPPING CENTER 

1,550 

7,994 

41 

1,550 

8,036 

9,586 

1,514 

2005 

Humble, TX 

BARTOW MARKETPLACE 

23,298 

5,600 

20,154 

5,600 

20,154 

25,754 

600 

2010 

Atlanta, GA 

-116-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

BAY COLONY 

3,190 

30,828 

5,661 

3,190 

36,489 

39,679 

5,976 

2005 

League City, TX 

BEAR CREEK VILLAGE CENTER 

15,065 

3,523 

12,384 

(188) 

3,523 

12,196 

15,719 

763 

2009 

Wildomar, CA 

BELLERIVE PLAZA 

6,092 

2,400 

7,749 

62 

2,400 

7,811 

10,211 

1,036 

2007 

Nicholasville, KY 

BENT TREE PLAZA 

5,453 

1,983 

7,093 

(52) 

1,983 

7,040 

9,023 

524 

2009 

Raleigh, NC 

BI-LO - GREENVILLE 

4,286 

1,400 

5,503 

1,400 

5,503 

6,903 

883 

2006 

Greenville, SC 

BLACKHAWK TOWN CENTER 

1,645 

19,982 

1,645 

19,982 

21,627 

3,611 

2005 

Houston, TX 

BOYNTON COMMONS 

27,854 

11,400 

17,315 

11,400 

17,315 

28,715 

522 

2010 

Miami, FL 

BRANDON CENTRE SOUTH 

16,133 

5,720 

19,500 

639 

5,720 

20,140 

25,860 

2,587 

2007 

Brandon, FL 

BROOKS CORNER 

14,276 

10,600 

13,648 

2,564 

10,600 

16,212 

26,812 

2,596 

2006 

San Antonio, TX 

BUCKHEAD CROSSING 

33,215 

7,565 

27,104 

(1,468) 

7,565 

25,637 

33,202 

1,646 

2009 

Atlanta, GA 

BUCKHORN PLAZA 

9,025 

1,651 

11,770 

769 

1,651 

12,539 

14,189 

1,949 

2006 

Bloomsburg, PA 

CAMPUS MARKETPLACE 

19,619 

6,723 

27,462 

(289) 

6,723 

27,174 

33,896 

1,669 

2009 

San Marcos, CA 

CANFIELD PLAZA 

7,575 

2,250 

10,339 

538 

2,250 

10,877 

13,127 

1,904 

2006 

Canfield, OH 

CARVER CREEK 

650 

560 

825 

650 

1,384 

2,034 

241 

2005 

Dallas, TX 

CENTERPLACE OF GREELEY 

17,175 

3,904 

14,715 

(113) 

3,904 

14,602 

18,506 

949 

2009 

Greeley, CO 

CHESAPEAKE COMMONS 

8,950 

2,669 

10,839 

2,669 

10,839 

13,508 

1,490 

2007 

Chesapeake, VA 

-117-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

CHEYENNE MEADOWS 

4,890 

2,023 

6,991 

(319) 

2,023 

6,672 

8,695 

449 

2009 

Colorado Springs, CO 

CHILI S - HUNTING BAYOU 

400 

400 

400 

2005 

Jacinto City, TX 

CINEMARK - JACINTO CITY 

1,160 

10,540 

1,160 

10,540 

11,700 

1,987 

2005 

Jacinto City, TX 

CINEMARK - WEBSTER 

1,830 

12,094 

1,830 

12,094 

13,924 

2,251 

2005 

Webster, TX 

CINEMARK 12 - SILVERLAKE 

1,310 

7,496 

1,310 

7,496 

8,806 

1,374 

2005 

Pearland, TX 

CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 

678 

525 

737 

(2) 

525 

735 

1,260 

97 

2007 

Hamden, CT 

CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 

1,095 

450 

1,191 

(4) 

450 

1,187 

1,637 

156 

2007 

Colchester, CT 

CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 

2,018 

480 

2,194 

(7) 

480 

2,187 

2,667 

287 

2007 

Deep River, CT 

CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 

1,142 

430 

1,242 

(4) 

430 

1,238 

1,668 

163 

2007 

East Lyme, CT 

CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 

2,435 

111 

2,648 

(9) 

111 

2,640 

2,751 

347 

2007 

Montville, CT 

CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 

1,123 

450 

1,221 

(4) 

450 

1,217 

1,667 

160 

2007 

Stonington, CT 

CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 

1,150 

420 

1,251 

(4) 

420 

1,247 

1,667 

164 

2007 

Stonington, CT 

CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 

808 

490 

879 

(3) 

490 

876 

1,366 

115 

2007 

East Hampton, CT 

CITIZENS (CFG) DELAWARE 

653 

525 

353 

(4) 

525 

349 

874 

46 

2007 

Lewes, DE 

CITIZENS (CFG) DELAWARE 

467 

275 

252 

(3) 

275 

250 

525 

33 

2007 

Wilmington, DE 

CITIZENS (CFG) DELAWARE 

393 

485 

212 

(2) 

485 

210 

695 

28 

2007 

Wilmington, DE 

-118-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 

3,260 

1,870 

2,414 

(6) 

1,870 

2,408 

4,278 

316 

2007 

Orland Hills, IL 

CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 

361 

450 

267 

(1) 

450 

267 

717 

35 

2007 

Calumet City, IL 

CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 

179 

815 

133 

815 

132 

947 

17 

2007 

Chicago, IL 

CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 

512 

575 

379 

(1) 

575 

378 

953 

50 

2007 

Villa Park, IL 

CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 

786 

725 

582 

(1) 

725 

580 

1,305 

76 

2007 

Westchester, IL 

CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 

1,443 

375 

1,069 

(2) 

375 

1,066 

1,441 

140 

2007 

Olympia Fields, IL 

CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 

1,221 

290 

904 

(2) 

290 

902 

1,192 

118 

2007 

Chicago Heights, IL 

CITIZENS (CFG) MELLON BANK BLD 

2,205 

725 

2,255 

284 

725 

2,540 

3,265 

304 

2007 

Georgetown, DE 

CITIZENS (CFG) MICHIGAN 

640 

500 

174 

500 

174 

674 

23 

2007 

Farmington, MI 

CITIZENS (CFG) MICHIGAN 

803 

1,100 

219 

1,100 

219 

1,319 

29 

2007 

Troy, MI 

CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 

2,407 

1,050 

2,121 

1,050 

2,121 

3,171 

278 

2007 

Keene, NH 

CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 

1,270 

554 

1,119 

554 

1,119 

1,673 

147 

2007 

Manchester, NH 

CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 

1,420 

618 

1,251 

618 

1,251 

1,869 

164 

2007 

Manchester, NH 

CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 

1,472 

641 

1,297 

641 

1,297 

1,938 

170 

2007 

Salem, NH 

CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 

17,744 

9,620 

15,633 

9,620 

15,633 

25,253 

2,052 

2007 

Manchester, NH 

CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 

319 

172 

281 

172 

281 

453 

37 

2007 

Hinsdale, NH 

-119-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 

284 

111 

250 

111 

250 

361 

33 

2007 

Ossipee, NH 

CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 

294 

176 

259 

176 

259 

435 

34 

2007 

Pelham, NH 

CITIZENS (CFG) NEW JERSEY 

821 

500 

466 

500 

466 

966 

61 

2007 

Haddon Heights, NJ 

CITIZENS (CFG) NEW JERSEY 

824 

850 

468 

850 

468 

1,318 

61 

2007 

Marlton, NJ 

CITIZENS (CFG) NEW YORK 

1,156 

70 

1,342 

70 

1,342 

1,412 

176 

2007 

Plattsburgh, NY 

CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 

2,333 

400 

1,736 

400 

1,736 

2,136 

228 

2007 

Fairlawn, OH 

CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 

565 

450 

420 

450 

420 

870 

55 

2007 

Bedford, OH 

CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 

641 

625 

477 

625 

477 

1,102 

63 

2007 

Parma, OH 

CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 

678 

900 

505 

900 

505 

1,405 

66 

2007 

Parma, OH 

CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 

683 

750 

508 

750 

508 

1,258 

67 

2007 

Parma Heights, OH 

CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 

1,178 

850 

876 

850 

876 

1,726 

115 

2007 

South Russell, OH 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

689 

50 

771 

50 

771 

821 

101 

2007 

Altoona, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,013 

85 

1,134 

85 

1,133 

1,218 

149 

2007 

Ashley, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,022 

675 

1,144 

675 

1,144 

1,819 

150 

2007 

Brodheadsville, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,282 

75 

1,434 

75 

1,434 

1,509 

188 

2007 

Butler, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,269 

1,150 

1,420 

1,150 

1,419 

2,569 

186 

2007 

Camp Hill, PA 

-120-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,199 

500 

1,342 

500 

1,342 

1,842 

176 

2007 

Camp Hill, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,636 

125 

1,830 

125 

1,830 

1,955 

240 

2007 

Carnegie, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,390 

40 

1,555 

40 

1,555 

1,595 

204 

2007 

Charlerol, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,275 

325 

1,427 

325 

1,427 

1,752 

187 

2007 

Dallas, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

860 

150 

962 

150 

962 

1,112 

126 

2007 

Dallastown, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,303 

260 

1,458 

260 

1,458 

1,718 

191 

2007 

Dillsburg, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,479 

485 

1,655 

485 

1,655 

2,140 

217 

2007 

Drexel Hill, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

988 

50 

1,106 

50 

1,106 

1,156 

145 

2007 

Ford City, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,544 

385 

1,727 

385 

1,727 

2,112 

227 

2007 

Glenside, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

813 

125 

909 

125 

909 

1,034 

119 

2007 

Greensburg, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

975 

300 

1,092 

300 

1,091 

1,391 

143 

2007 

Highspire, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

902 

100 

1,009 

100 

1,009 

1,109 

132 

2007 

Homestead, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,516 

300 

1,697 

300 

1,696 

1,996 

223 

2007 

Kingston, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,240 

50 

1,388 

50 

1,388 

1,438 

182 

2007 

Kittanning, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,625 

330 

1,819 

330 

1,819 

2,149 

239 

2007 

Matamoras, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,034 

100 

1,157 

100 

1,157 

1,257 

152 

2007 

McKees Rocks, PA 

-121-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

2,619 

250 

2,931 

250 

2,931 

3,181 

385 

2007 

Mechanicsburg, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

465 

40 

521 

40 

520 

560 

68 

2007 

Mercer, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,450 

275 

1,623 

275 

1,623 

1,898 

213 

2007 

Milford, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,105 

600 

1,237 

600 

1,237 

1,837 

162 

2007 

Philadelphia, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

942 

245 

1,054 

245 

1,054 

1,299 

138 

2007 

Philadelphia, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,200 

700 

1,342 

700 

1,342 

2,042 

176 

2007 

Philadelphia, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,011 

75 

1,131 

75 

1,131 

1,206 

148 

2007 

Pitcairn, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

3,278 

75 

3,668 

(1) 

75 

3,668 

3,743 

482 

2007 

Pittsburgh, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,849 

100 

2,069 

100 

2,069 

2,169 

272 

2007 

Pittsburgh, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

2,811 

900 

3,146 

(1) 

900 

3,145 

4,045 

413 

2007 

Pittsburgh, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

922 

150 

1,032 

150 

1,032 

1,182 

136 

2007 

Pittsburgh, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

2,969 

75 

3,322 

(1) 

75 

3,322 

3,397 

436 

2007 

Pittsburgh, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,414 

75 

1,583 

75 

1,582 

1,657 

208 

2007 

Pittsburgh, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,364 

50 

1,527 

50 

1,527 

1,577 

200 

2007 

Pittsburgh, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

2,024 

165 

2,265 

165 

2,265 

2,430 

297 

2007 

Reading, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,194 

120 

1,336 

120 

1,336 

1,456 

175 

2007 

Reading, PA 

-122-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,116 

650 

1,249 

650 

1,249 

1,899 

164 

2007 

Souderton, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,494 

400 

1,672 

400 

1,671 

2,071 

219 

2007 

State College, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,094 

730 

1,225 

730 

1,224 

1,954 

161 

2007 

Tannersville, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,123 

150 

1,257 

150 

1,257 

1,407 

165 

2007 

Turtle Creek, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

821 

50 

919 

50 

919 

969 

121 

2007 

Tyrone, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,152 

530 

1,289 

530 

1,289 

1,819 

169 

2007 

Upper Darby, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

861 

115 

964 

115 

964 

1,079 

127 

2007 

West Chester, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

2,481 

125 

2,776 

125 

2,776 

2,901 

364 

2007 

West Hazelson, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

2,695 

400 

3,016 

400 

3,015 

3,415 

396 

2007 

York, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

597 

150 

668 

150 

668 

818 

88 

2007 

Aliquippa, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

680 

750 

761 

750 

761 

1,511 

100 

2007 

Allison Park, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

512 

100 

573 

100 

573 

673 

75 

2007 

Altoona, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

451 

350 

504 

350 

504 

854 

66 

2007 

Beaver Falls, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

506 

350 

567 

350 

567 

917 

74 

2007 

Carlisle, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

431 

100 

483 

100 

483 

583 

63 

2007 

Cranberry, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

545 

275 

610 

275 

610 

885 

80 

2007 

Erie, PA 

-123-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

343 

90 

383 

90 

383 

473 

50 

2007 

Grove City, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

547 

40 

612 

40 

612 

652 

80 

2007 

Grove City, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

604 

625 

676 

625 

676 

1,301 

89 

2007 

Harrisburg, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

699 

690 

782 

690 

782 

1,472 

103 

2007 

Haertown, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

655 

50 

733 

50 

733 

783 

96 

2007 

Hollidaysburg, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

526 

420 

589 

420 

589 

1,009 

77 

2007 

Kutztown, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

548 

650 

614 

650 

614 

1,264 

81 

2007 

Lancaster, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

599 

500 

671 

500 

671 

1,171 

88 

2007 

Lancaster, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

481 

200 

538 

200 

538 

738 

71 

2007 

Latrobe, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

493 

175 

552 

175 

552 

727 

72 

2007 

Lititz, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

575 

225 

644 

225 

644 

869 

85 

2007 

Lower Burrell, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

484 

210 

542 

210 

542 

752 

71 

2007 

Mountain Top, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

246 

125 

275 

125 

275 

400 

36 

2007 

Munhall, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

615 

500 

688 

500 

688 

1,188 

90 

2007 

New Stanton, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

863 

225 

966 

225 

966 

1,191 

127 

2007 

Oakmont, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

479 

50 

536 

50 

536 

586 

70 

2007 

Oil City, PA 

-124-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

609 

225 

682 

225 

682 

907 

90 

2007 

Philadelphia, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,540 

500 

1,723 

500 

1,723 

2,223 

226 

2007 

Pittsburgh, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,292 

300 

1,446 

300 

1,446 

1,746 

190 

2007 

Pittsburgh, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,002 

275 

1,121 

275 

1,121 

1,396 

147 

2007 

Pittsburgh, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

836 

250 

936 

250 

936 

1,186 

123 

2007 

Pittsburgh, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

714 

75 

799 

75 

799 

874 

105 

2007 

Saxonburg, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

373 

225 

417 

225 

417 

642 

55 

2007 

Shippensburg, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

215 

200 

241 

200 

241 

441 

32 

2007 

Slovan, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

478 

325 

535 

325 

535 

860 

70 

2007 

State College, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

581 

245 

650 

245 

650 

895 

85 

2007 

Temple, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

578 

300 

647 

300 

647 

947 

85 

2007 

Verona, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

971 

1,250 

1,086 

1,250 

1,086 

2,336 

143 

2007 

Warrendale, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

589 

390 

659 

390 

659 

1,049 

87 

2007 

West Grove, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

578 

600 

647 

600 

646 

1,246 

85 

2007 

Wexford, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

865 

225 

968 

225 

968 

1,193 

127 

2007 

Wilkes-Barre, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

628 

700 

703 

700 

703 

1,403 

92 

2007 

York, PA 

-125-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 

1,950 

250 

2,182 

250 

2,181 

2,431 

286 

2007 

Mount Lebanon, PA 

CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 

1,006 

438 

1,095 

(2) 

438 

1,093 

1,531 

144 

2007 

Coventry, RI 

CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 

1,476 

643 

1,607 

(3) 

643 

1,604 

2,247 

211 

2007 

Cranston, RI 

CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 

1,236 

538 

1,346 

(3) 

538 

1,343 

1,881 

176 

2007 

Johnston, RI 

CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 

1,818 

821 

1,980 

(4) 

821 

1,976 

2,797 

260 

2007 

North Providence,RI 

CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 

1,072 

600 

1,168 

(2) 

600 

1,166 

1,766 

153 

2007 

Providence, RI 

CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 

1,338 

666 

1,457 

(3) 

666 

1,455 

2,120 

191 

2007 

Wakefield, RI 

CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 

3,506 

1,278 

3,817 

(7) 

1,278 

3,810 

5,088 

500 

2007 

Providence, RI 

CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 

14,561 

2,254 

15,856 

(30) 

2,254 

15,826 

18,080 

2,078 

2007 

Warwick, RI 

CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 

586 

375 

639 

(1) 

375 

637 

1,012 

84 

2007 

East Greenwich, RI 

CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 

719 

472 

783 

(1) 

472 

781 

1,253 

103 

2007 

North Providence, RI 

CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 

647 

366 

705 

(1) 

366 

703 

1,069 

92 

2007 

Rumford, RI 

CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 

603 

353 

657 

(1) 

353 

655 

1,009 

86 

2007 

Warren, RI 

CITIZENS (CFG) VERMONT 

1,013 

1,270 

153 

1,270 

153 

1,423 

20 

2007 

Middlebury, VT 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

1,210 

400 

1,002 

(1) 

400 

1,001 

1,401 

131 

2007 

Ludlow, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

2,175 

1,263 

1,802 

(2) 

1,263 

1,800 

3,062 

236 

2007 

Malden, MA 

-126-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

976 

607 

809 

(1) 

607 

808 

1,415 

106 

2007 

Malden, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

1,518 

952 

1,258 

(2) 

952 

1,256 

2,208 

165 

2007 

Medford, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

2,760 

1,431 

2,287 

(3) 

1,431 

2,284 

3,714 

300 

2007 

Milton, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

1,719 

998 

1,424 

(2) 

998 

1,422 

2,419 

187 

2007 

Randolph, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

1,421 

743 

1,177 

(1) 

743 

1,176 

1,918 

154 

2007 

South Dennis, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

1,034 

310 

856 

(1) 

310 

855 

1,165 

112 

2007 

Springfield, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

1,309 

1,050 

1,085 

(1) 

1,050 

1,083 

2,133 

142 

2007 

Woburn, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

512 

300 

424 

(1) 

300 

424 

724 

56 

2007 

Dorchester, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

668 

440 

553 

(1) 

440 

553 

993 

73 

2007 

Needham, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

640 

450 

530 

(1) 

450 

530 

980 

69 

2007 

New Bedford, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

725 

595 

601 

(1) 

595 

600 

1,194 

79 

2007 

Somerville, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

293 

300 

243 

300 

242 

542 

32 

2007 

Springfield, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

859 

621 

712 

(1) 

621 

711 

1,332 

93 

2007 

Tewksbury, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

636 

552 

527 

(1) 

552 

526 

1,078 

69 

2007 

Watertown, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

482 

350 

399 

350 

399 

749 

52 

2007 

Wilbraham, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

994 

541 

824 

(1) 

541 

823 

1,364 

108 

2007 

Winthrop, MA 

-127-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

995 

379 

824 

(1) 

379 

823 

1,202 

108 

2007 

Dedham, MA 

CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 

1,246 

542 

1,032 

(1) 

542 

1,031 

1,573 

135 

2007 

Hanover, MA 

CITY CROSSING 

17,418 

4,200 

5,679 

4,200 

5,679 

9,879 

205 

2010 

Warner Robins, GA 

COWETA CROSSING 

3,143 

1,143 

4,590 

57 

1,143 

4,647 

5,790 

297 

2009 

Newnan, GA 

CROSS TIMBERS COURT 

8,193 

3,300 

9,939 

55 

3,300 

9,995 

13,295 

1,316 

2007 

Flower Mound, TX 

CROSSROADS AT CHESAPEAKE SQUAR 

11,210 

3,970 

13,732 

412 

3,970 

14,144 

18,114 

1,937 

2007 

Chesapeake, VA 

CUSTER CREEK VILLAGE 

10,149 

4,750 

12,245 

32 

4,750 

12,276 

17,026 

1,608 

2007 

Richardson, TX 

CYFAIR TOWN CENTER 

1,800 

13,093 

7 

1,800 

13,100 

14,900 

2,020 

2006 

Cypress, TX 

CYPRESS TOWN CENTER 

1,850 

11,630 

378 

1,850 

12,008 

13,858 

2,137 

2005 

Houston, TX 

DONELSON PLAZA 

2,315 

1,000 

3,147 

1,000 

3,147 

4,147 

432 

2007 

Nashville, TN 

DOTHAN PAVILLION 

37,165 

8,200 

38,759 

402 

8,200 

39,161 

47,361 

2,585 

2009 

Dothan, AL 

EAST GATE 

6,800 

2,000 

10,305 

2,000 

10,305 

12,305 

1,408 

2007 

Aiken, SC 

ELDRIDGE LAKES TOWN CENTER 

1,400 

14,048 

28 

1,400 

14,076 

15,476 

2,180 

2006 

Houston, TX 

ELDRIDGE TOWN CENTER 

3,200 

16,663 

255 

3,200 

16,918 

20,118 

3,169 

2005 

Houston, TX 

FABYAN RANDALL PLAZA 

13,405 

2,400 

22,198 

(68) 

2,400 

22,130 

24,530 

3,480 

2006 

Batavia, IL 

FAIRVIEW MARKET 

2,625 

1,140 

5,241 

(272) 

1,140 

4,968 

6,108 

313 

2009 

Simpsonville, SC 

-128-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

FLOWER MOUND CROSSING 

8,342 

4,500 

9,049 

149 

4,500 

9,198 

13,698 

1,246 

2007 

Flower Mound, TX 

FOREST PLAZA 

2,085 

3,400 

14,550 

277 

3,400 

14,827 

18,227 

1,756 

2007 

Fond du Lac, WI 

FRIENDSWOOD SHOPPING CENTER 

1,550 

10,887 

1,243 

1,550 

12,130 

13,680 

2,242 

2005 

Friendswood, TX 

FURY S FERRY 

6,381 

1,600 

9,783 

49 

1,600 

9,832 

11,432 

1,357 

2007 

Augusta, GA 

GARDEN VILLAGE 

7,970 

3,188 

16,522 

(129) 

3,188 

16,393 

19,581 

1,035 

2009 

San Pedro, CA 

GATEWAY MARKET CENTER 

23,173 

13,600 

4,992 

13,600 

4,992 

18,592 

171 

2010 

Tampa, FL 

GATEWAY PLAZA 

10,098 

4,700 

6,769 

4,700 

6,769 

11,469 

210 

2010 

Jacksonville, NC 

GLENDALE HEIGHTS I, II, III 

4,705 

2,220 

6,399 

94 

2,220 

6,493 

8,713 

1,020 

2006 

Glendale Heights, IL 

GRAFTON COMMONS SHOPPING CENTER 

18,516 

7,200 

26,984 

62 

7,200 

27,045 

34,245 

999 

2009 

Grafton, WI 

GRAVOIS DILLON PLAZA 

12,630 

7,300 

15,809 

7,300 

15,809 

23,109 

2,074 

2007 

High Ridge, MO 

HERITAGE CROSSING 

16,120 

4,400 

22,921 

4,400 

22,921 

27,321 

628 

2010 

Wilson, NC 

HERITAGE HEIGHTS 

10,719 

4,600 

13,502 

4,600 

13,502 

18,102 

1,769 

2007 

Grapevine, TX 

HERITAGE PLAZA - CHICAGO 

15,243 

5,297 

8,831 

(403) 

5,297 

8,428 

13,725 

550 

2009 

Carol Stream, IL 

HIGHLAND PLAZA 

2,450 

15,642 

2,450 

15,642 

18,092 

2,782 

2005 

Katy, TX 

HIRAM PAVILION 

37,609 

4,600 

16,832 

4,600 

16,832 

21,432 

540 

2010 

Hiram, GA 

HUNTER S GLEN CROSSING 

9,790 

4,800 

11,719 

55 

4,800 

11,775 

16,575 

1,537 

2007 

Plano, TX 

-129-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

HUNTING BAYOU 

2,400 

16,265 

1,253 

2,400 

17,518 

19,918 

3,078 

2006 

Jacinto City, TX 

INTECH RETAIL 

2,755 

819 

2,038 

819 

2,038 

2,858 

155 

2009 

Indianapolis, IN 

JAMES CENTER 

12,368 

4,497 

16,219 

(62) 

4,497 

16,157 

20,654 

1,200 

2009 

Tacoma, WA 

JOSEY OAKS CROSSING 

9,346 

2,620 

13,989 

72 

2,620 

14,061 

16,681 

1,834 

2007 

Carrollton, TX 

LAKEPORT COMMONS 

7,800 

39,984 

2,215 

7,800 

42,199 

49,999 

4,680 

2007 

Sioux City, IA 

LAKEWOOD SHOPPING CENTER 

11,715 

4,115 

20,646 

362 

4,115 

21,008 

25,123 

3,736 

2006 

Margate, FL 

LAKEWOOD SHOPPING CTR PHASE II 

6,340 

6,996 

(23) 

6,340 

6,973 

13,313 

914 

2007 

Margate, FL 

LEGACY CROSSING 

10,890 

4,280 

13,896 

33 

4,280 

13,929 

18,209 

1,871 

2007 

Marion, OH 

LEXINGTON ROAD 

5,454 

1,980 

7,105 

1,980 

7,105 

9,085 

1,085 

2006 

Athens, GA 

LINCOLN MALL 

33,835 

11,000 

50,395 

3,099 

11,000 

53,494 

64,494 

8,167 

2006 

Lincoln, RI 

LINCOLN VILLAGE 

22,035 

13,600 

25,053 

508 

13,600 

25,561 

39,161 

3,842 

2006 

Chicago, IL 

LORD SALISBURY CENTER 

12,600 

11,000 

9,567 

11,000 

9,567 

20,567 

1,225 

2007 

Salisbury, MD 

MARKET AT MORSE / HAMILTON 

7,893 

4,490 

8,734 

9 

4,490 

8,742 

13,232 

1,268 

2007 

Columbus, OH 

MARKET AT WESTLAKE 

4,803 

1,200 

6,274 

79 

1,200 

6,353 

7,553 

845 

2007 

Westlake Hills, TX 

MCKINNEY TOWN CENTER 

21,945 

16,297 

22,562 

16,297 

22,562 

38,859 

490 

2007 

McKinney, TX 

MERCHANTS CROSSING 

11,593 

3,404 

11,281 

(196) 

3,404 

11,085 

14,489 

710 

2009 

Englewood, FL 

-130-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

MIDDLEBURG CROSSING 

6,432 

2,760 

7,145 

91 

2,760 

7,236 

9,996 

883 

2007 

Middleburg, FL 

MONADNOCK MARKETPLACE 

26,785 

7,000 

39,008 

248 

7,000 

39,255 

46,255 

6,837 

2006 

Keene, NH 

NEW FOREST CROSSING II 

3,438 

1,490 

3,922 

421 

1,490 

4,342 

5,832 

620 

2006 

Houston, TX 

NEWTOWN ROAD 

968 

574 

877 

(877) 

574 

574 

2006 

Virginia Beach, VA 

NORTHWEST MARKETPLACE 

19,965 

2,910 

30,340 

31 

2,910 

30,371 

33,281 

3,818 

2007 

Houston, TX 

NTB ELDRIDGE 

960 

960 

960 

2005 

Houston, TX 

PALAZZO DEL LAGO 

8,938 

8,938 

8,938 

2010 

Orlando, FL 

PALM HARBOR SHOPPING CENTER 

12,100 

2,836 

10,927 

(545) 

2,836 

10,382 

13,218 

664 

2009 

Palm Coast, FL 

PARADISE PLACE 

10,149 

3,975 

5,912 

3,975 

5,912 

9,887 

178 

2010 

West Palm Beach, FL 

PARADISE SHOPS OF LARGO 

7,325 

4,640 

7,483 

(27) 

4,640 

7,456 

12,096 

1,421 

2005 

Largo, FL 

PARK WEST PLAZA 

7,532 

4,250 

8,186 

4,250 

8,186 

12,436 

1,121 

2007 

Grapevine, TX 

PARKWAY CENTRE NORTH 

13,892 

4,680 

16,046 

1,816 

4,680 

17,862 

22,542 

2,461 

2007 

Grove City, OH 

PARKWAY CENTRE NORTH OUTLOT B 

2,198 

900 

2,590 

900 

2,590 

3,490 

358 

2007 

Grove City, OH 

PAVILION AT LAQUINTA 

23,976 

15,200 

20,947 

15,200 

20,947 

36,147 

1,354 

2009 

LaQuinta, CA 

PAVILLIONS AT HARTMAN HERITAGE 

23,450 

9,700 

28,849 

1,839 

9,700 

30,688 

40,388 

3,829 

2007 

Independence, MO 

PEACHLAND PROMENADE 

4,791 

1,742 

6,502 

(62) 

1,742 

6,440 

8,182 

478 

2009 

Port Charlotte, FL 

-131-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

PENN PARK 

31,000 

6,260 

29,424 

(73) 

6,260 

29,351 

35,611 

3,517 

2007 

Oklahoma City, OK 

PINEHURST SHOPPING CENTER 

625 

2,157 

252 

625 

2,409 

3,034 

459 

2005 

Humble, TX 

PIONEER PLAZA 

2,250 

373 

3,099 

373 

3,099 

3,472 

426 

2007 

Mesquite, TX 

PLAZA AT EAGLE S LANDING 

5,310 

1,580 

7,002 

1 

1,580 

7,003 

8,583 

1,021 

2006 

Stockbridge, GA 

PLEASANT HILL SQUARE 

30,459 

7,950 

22,651 

7,950 

22,651 

30,601 

675 

2010 

Duluth, GA 

POPLIN PLACE 

23,945 

6,100 

27,790 

318 

6,100 

28,108 

34,208 

2,281 

2008 

Monroe, NC 

PRESTONWOOD SHOPPING CENTER 

26,703 

25,400 

17,193 

25,400 

17,193 

42,593 

410 

2010 

Dallas, TX 

PROMENADE FULTONDALE 

16,870 

5,540 

22,414 

38 

5,540 

22,452 

27,992 

1,509 

2009 

Fultondale, AL 

RALEIGH HILLSBOROUGH 

2,605 

2,605 

2,605 

2007 

Raleigh, NC 

RIVERSTONE SHOPPING CENTER 

21,000 

12,000 

26,395 

(26) 

12,000 

26,368 

38,368 

3,384 

2007 

Missouri City, TX 

RIVERVIEW VILLAGE 

10,121 

6,000 

9,649 

23 

6,000 

9,673 

15,673 

1,268 

2007 

Arlington, TX 

ROSE CREEK 

3,968 

1,443 

5,630 

(62) 

1,443 

5,567 

7,010 

412 

2009 

Woodstock, GA 

ROSEWOOD SHOPPING CENTER 

3,131 

1,138 

3,946 

(62) 

1,138 

3,884 

5,022 

292 

2009 

Columbia, SC 

SALTGRASS RESTAURANT-HUNTING BAYOU 

540 

540 

540 

2005 

Jacinto City, TX 

SAND LAKE CORNERS 

20,709 

5,500 

7,464 

5,500 

7,464 

12,964 

241 

2010 

Orlando, FL 

SARASOTA PAVILION 

40,425 

12,000 

25,823 

12,000 

25,823 

37,823 

771 

2010 

Sarasota, FL 

-132-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SARATOGA TOWN CENTER 

1,500 

12,971 

30 

1,500 

13,000 

14,500 

2,328 

2005 

Corpus Christi, TX 

SCOFIELD CROSSING 

8,435 

8,100 

4,992 

8,100 

4,992 

13,092 

686 

2007 

Austin, TX 

SHAKOPEE SHOPPING CENTER 

8,800 

6,900 

8,583 

6,900 

8,583 

15,483 

1,494 

2006 

Shakopee, MN 

SHALLOTTE COMMONS 

6,078 

1,650 

9,028 

67 

1,650 

9,095 

10,745 

1,140 

2007 

Shallotte, NC 

SHERMAN PLAZA 

30,275 

9,655 

30,982 

8,404 

9,655 

39,385 

49,040 

5,263 

2006 

Evanston, IL 

SHERMAN TOWN CENTER 

35,450 

4,850 

49,273 

4,850 

49,273 

54,123 

7,476 

2006 

Sherman, TX 

SHERMAN TOWN CENTER II 

3,000 

14,805 

3,000 

14,805 

17,805 

2010 

Sherman, TX 

SHILOH SQUARE 

3,238 

1,025 

3,946 

1,025 

3,946 

4,971 

518 

2007 

Garland, TX 

SIEGEN PLAZA 

16,638 

9,340 

20,251 

234 

9,340 

20,485 

29,825 

1,715 

2008 

East Baton Rouge, LA 

SILVERLAKE 

4,750 

2,031 

6,975 

(87) 

2,031 

6,888 

8,918 

446 

2009 

Erlanger, KY 

SOUTHGATE VILLAGE 

4,921 

1,789 

6,266 

(62) 

1,789 

6,204 

7,993 

368 

2009 

Pelham, AL 

SPRING TOWN CENTER 

3,150 

12,433 

121 

3,150 

12,554 

15,704 

2,033 

2006 

Spring, TX 

SPRING TOWN CENTER III 

1,320 

3,070 

2,001 

1,320 

5,071 

6,391 

521 

2007 

Spring, TX 

STABLES TOWN CENTER I and II 

4,650 

19,006 

2,310 

4,650 

21,316 

25,966 

3,566 

2005 

Spring, TX 

STATE STREET MARKET 

10,450 

3,950 

14,184 

654 

3,950 

14,838 

18,788 

2,203 

2006 

Rockford, IL 

STONE CREEK 

13,533 

13,533 

13,533 

763 

San Marcos, TX 

-133-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

STONECREST MARKETPLACE 

34,516 

6,150 

23,321 

6,150 

23,321 

29,471 

700 

2010 

Lithonia, GA 

STOP SHOP - SICKLERVILLE 

8,535 

2,200 

11,559 

2,200 

11,559 

13,759 

1,854 

2006 

Sicklerville, NJ 

STOP N SHOP - BRISTOL 

8,368 

1,700 

11,830 

1,700 

11,830 

13,530 

1,898 

2006 

Bristol, RI 

STOP N SHOP - CUMBERLAND 

11,531 

2,400 

16,196 

2,400 

16,196 

18,596 

2,598 

2006 

Cumberland, RI 

STOP N SHOP - FRAMINGHAM 

9,269 

6,500 

8,517 

6,500 

8,517 

15,017 

1,366 

2006 

Framingham, MA 

STOP N SHOP - HYDE PARK 

8,100 

2,000 

12,274 

2,000 

12,274 

14,274 

2,131 

2006 

Hyde Park, NY 

STOP N SHOP - MALDEN 

12,753 

6,700 

13,828 

6,700 

13,828 

20,528 

2,218 

2006 

Malden, MA 

STOP N SHOP - SOUTHINGTON 

11,145 

4,000 

13,938 

4,000 

13,938 

17,938 

2,236 

2006 

Southington, CT 

STOP N SHOP - SWAMPSCOTT 

11,066 

4,200 

13,613 

4,200 

13,613 

17,813 

2,183 

2006 

Swampscott, MA 

STREETS OF CRANBERRY 

24,425 

4,300 

20,215 

8,154 

4,300 

28,369 

32,669 

2,995 

2007 

Cranberry Township,PA 

STREETS OF INDIAN LAKES 

40,800 

8,825 

48,679 

6,089 

8,825 

54,768 

63,593 

3,911 

2008 

Hendersonville, TN 

SUNCREEK VILLAGE 

2,683 

900 

3,155 

26 

900 

3,181 

4,081 

436 

2007 

Plano, TX 

SUNTRUST BANK I AL 

323 

675 

1,018 

(1) 

675 

1,017 

1,692 

115 

2007 

Muscle Shoals, AL 

SUNTRUST BANK I AL 

143 

633 

449 

633 

449 

1,082 

51 

2007 

Killen, AL 

SUNTRUST BANK I DC 

699 

500 

2,082 

(1) 

500 

2,081 

2,581 

235 

2007 

Brightwood, DC 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

452 

1,200 

603 

1,200 

603 

1,803 

68 

2007 

Panama City, FL 

-134-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

589 

1,400 

786 

1,400 

786 

2,186 

89 

2007 

Orlando, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

464 

1,276 

620 

1,276 

620 

1,896 

70 

2007 

Apopka, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

438 

1,285 

584 

1,285 

584 

1,869 

66 

2007 

Bayonet Point, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

659 

800 

879 

800 

879 

1,679 

99 

2007 

West Palm Beach, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

510 

600 

681 

600 

681 

1,281 

77 

2007 

Daytona Beach, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

400 

900 

534 

900 

534 

1,434 

60 

2007 

Sarasota, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

318 

759 

425 

759 

425 

1,184 

48 

2007 

Dade City, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

269 

725 

359 

725 

359 

1,084 

41 

2007 

Pensacola, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

856 

1,100 

1,142 

1,100 

1,142 

2,242 

129 

2007 

New Smyrna Beach, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

699 

1,700 

933 

1,700 

933 

2,633 

105 

2007 

Clearwater, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

450 

1,218 

601 

1,218 

601 

1,819 

68 

2007 

Daytona Beach, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

434 

950 

579 

950 

579 

1,529 

65 

2007 

Deltona, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

636 

1,900 

849 

1,900 

849 

2,749 

96 

2007 

Boca Raton, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

600 

900 

802 

900 

801 

1,701 

91 

2007 

Clearwater, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

430 

1,476 

574 

1,476 

574 

2,049 

65 

2007 

Ocala, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

400 

1,100 

534 

1,100 

534 

1,634 

60 

2007 

Palm Coast, FL 

-135-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

261 

650 

348 

650 

348 

998 

39 

2007 

Tampa, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

533 

1,400 

712 

1,400 

712 

2,112 

80 

2007 

Fort Meade, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

241 

575 

321 

575 

321 

896 

36 

2007 

Fruitland Park, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

381 

953 

509 

953 

509 

1,462 

58 

2007 

Ocala, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

577 

950 

771 

950 

771 

1,721 

87 

2007 

Ormond Beach, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

402 

1,100 

537 

1,100 

537 

1,637 

61 

2007 

Gainesville, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

274 

625 

366 

625 

366 

991 

41 

2007 

Lakeland, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

480 

950 

641 

950 

641 

1,591 

72 

2007 

Hobe Sound, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

235 

600 

314 

600 

314 

914 

35 

2007 

Mulberry, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

415 

1,060 

553 

1,060 

553 

1,613 

63 

2007 

Indian Harbour Beach, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

536 

500 

715 

500 

715 

1,215 

81 

2007 

Inverness, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

1,065 

2,100 

1,422 

2,100 

1,422 

3,522 

161 

2007 

Lake Mary, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

492 

910 

656 

910 

656 

1,566 

74 

2007 

Melbourne, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

393 

1,000 

525 

1,000 

524 

1,524 

59 

2007 

St. Petersburg, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

355 

1,100 

474 

1,100 

473 

1,573 

54 

2007 

Lutz, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

630 

275 

841 

275 

841 

1,116 

95 

2007 

Marianna, FL 

-136-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

255 

730 

340 

730 

340 

1,070 

38 

2007 

Gainesville, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

734 

900 

979 

900 

979 

1,879 

111 

2007 

Vero Beach, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

578 

500 

772 

500 

772 

1,272 

87 

2007 

Mount Dora, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

637 

1,800 

850 

1,800 

850 

2,650 

96 

2007 

Sarasota, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

302 

300 

403 

300 

403 

703 

46 

2007 

New Smyrna Beach, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

528 

1,700 

705 

1,700 

705 

2,405 

80 

2007 

Lakeland, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

439 

1,300 

585 

1,300 

585 

1,885 

66 

2007 

North Palm Beach, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

413 

900 

552 

900 

551 

1,451 

62 

2007 

Port St. Lucie, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

307 

1,100 

410 

1,100 

410 

1,510 

46 

2007 

Clearwater, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

464 

1,200 

620 

1,200 

620 

1,820 

70 

2007 

Okeechobee, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

644 

650 

859 

650 

859 

1,509 

97 

2007 

Ormond Beach, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

539 

1,100 

719 

1,100 

719 

1,819 

81 

2007 

Osprey, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

227 

601 

303 

601 

303 

903 

34 

2007 

Panama City Beach, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

344 

975 

459 

975 

459 

1,434 

52 

2007 

New Port Richey, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

531 

1,750 

708 

1,750 

708 

2,458 

80 

2007 

Pembroke Pines, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

539 

1,023 

719 

1,023 

719 

1,742 

81 

2007 

Orlando, FL 

-137-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

672 

1,800 

896 

1,800 

896 

2,696 

101 

2007 

Pompano Beach, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

352 

1,030 

469 

1,030 

469 

1,499 

53 

2007 

Jacksonville, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

116 

298 

155 

298 

155 

453 

18 

2007 

Brooksville, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

1,045 

2,803 

1,394 

2,803 

1,394 

4,197 

158 

2007 

Miami, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

432 

490 

577 

490 

577 

1,067 

65 

2007 

Rockledge, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

304 

812 

406 

812 

406 

1,218 

46 

2007 

Tampa, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

855 

1,565 

1,141 

1,565 

1,141 

2,706 

129 

2007 

Seminole, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

535 

1,430 

714 

1,430 

713 

2,143 

81 

2007 

Orlando, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

323 

861 

431 

861 

430 

1,291 

49 

2007 

Jacksonville, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

572 

1,500 

764 

1,500 

764 

2,264 

86 

2007 

Ocala, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

855 

2,200 

1,142 

2,200 

1,142 

3,342 

129 

2007 

Orlando,FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

251 

600 

335 

600 

335 

935 

38 

2007 

Brooksville, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

570 

600 

761 

600 

761 

1,361 

86 

2007 

Spring Hill, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

568 

1,000 

758 

1,000 

758 

1,758 

86 

2007 

St. Augustine, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

517 

1,050 

689 

1,050 

689 

1,739 

78 

2007 

Port St. Lucie, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

331 

850 

441 

850 

441 

1,291 

50 

2007 

Vero Beach, FL 

-138-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

432 

1,150 

576 

1,150 

576 

1,726 

65 

2007 

Gulf Breeze, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

684 

2,400 

913 

2,400 

912 

3,312 

103 

2007 

Casselberry, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

805 

2,700 

1,075 

2,700 

1,074 

3,774 

121 

2007 

Winter Park, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

517 

1,500 

690 

1,500 

690 

2,190 

78 

2007 

Fort Pierce, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

341 

600 

456 

600 

456 

1,056 

51 

2007 

Plant City, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

496 

1,540 

662 

1,540 

662 

2,202 

75 

2007 

St. Petersburg, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

495 

580 

661 

580 

660 

1,240 

75 

2007 

Ormond Beach, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

589 

1,840 

786 

1,840 

786 

2,626 

89 

2007 

West St. Cloud, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I FL 

488 

1,450 

652 

1,450 

652 

2,102 

74 

2007 

Tamarac, FL 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

368 

1,050 

584 

1,050 

584 

1,634 

66 

2007 

Brunswick, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

602 

2,100 

955 

2,100 

955 

3,055 

108 

2007 

Kennesaw, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

537 

675 

852 

675 

852 

1,527 

96 

2007 

Columbus, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

452 

925 

716 

925 

716 

1,641 

81 

2007 

Austell, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

2,100 

7,184 

3,329 

7,184 

3,330 

10,514 

376 

2007 

Atlanta, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

477 

1,375 

756 

1,375 

756 

2,131 

85 

2007 

Chambleee, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

496 

525 

787 

525 

787 

1,312 

89 

2007 

Conyers, GA 

-139-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

764 

1,750 

1,211 

1,750 

1,212 

2,962 

137 

2007 

Atlanta, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

305 

300 

483 

300 

483 

783 

55 

2007 

Savannah, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

750 

1,325 

1,190 

1,325 

1,190 

2,515 

135 

2007 

Dunwoody, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

389 

800 

617 

800 

617 

1,417 

70 

2007 

Douglasville, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

159 

325 

253 

325 

253 

578 

29 

2007 

Albany, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

294 

865 

466 

865 

466 

1,330 

53 

2007 

Athens, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

257 

250 

408 

250 

408 

658 

46 

2007 

Macon, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

412 

500 

652 

500 

653 

1,153 

74 

2007 

Atlanta, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

738 

1,275 

1,171 

1,275 

1,171 

2,446 

132 

2007 

Duluth, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

356 

360 

565 

360 

565 

925 

64 

2007 

Thomson, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

387 

90 

614 

90 

614 

704 

69 

2007 

Madison, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

425 

325 

674 

325 

674 

999 

76 

2007 

Savannah, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

707 

2,025 

1,120 

2,025 

1,120 

3,145 

127 

2007 

Marietta, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

625 

1,200 

992 

1,200 

992 

2,192 

112 

2007 

Marietta, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

720 

1,000 

1,141 

1,000 

1,141 

2,141 

129 

2007 

Cartersville, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

1,425 

4,539 

2,259 

4,539 

2,259 

6,798 

255 

2007 

Atlanta, GA 

-140-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

293 

300 

465 

300 

465 

765 

53 

2007 

Lithonia, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

652 

1,500 

1,034 

1,500 

1,034 

2,534 

117 

2007 

Peachtree City, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

434 

575 

688 

575 

688 

1,263 

78 

2007 

Stone Mountain, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

997 

1,600 

1,581 

1,600 

1,582 

3,182 

179 

2007 

Atlanta, Ga 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

415 

175 

658 

175 

658 

833 

74 

2007 

Waycross, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

219 

475 

347 

475 

347 

822 

39 

2007 

Union City, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

291 

650 

462 

650 

462 

1,112 

52 

2007 

Savannah, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

554 

525 

878 

525 

878 

1,403 

99 

2007 

Morrow, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

250 

575 

396 

575 

396 

971 

45 

2007 

Norcross, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

380 

869 

603 

869 

603 

1,472 

68 

2007 

Stockbridge, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

283 

250 

449 

250 

449 

699 

51 

2007 

Stone Mountain, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

245 

575 

388 

575 

388 

963 

44 

2007 

Sylvester, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

672 

1,100 

1,065 

1,100 

1,065 

2,165 

120 

2007 

Evans, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I GA 

185 

200 

294 

200 

294 

494 

33 

2007 

Thomson, GA 

SUNTRUST BANK I MD 

752 

1,000 

1,925 

(1) 

1,000 

1,924 

2,924 

218 

2007 

Annapolis, MD 

SUNTRUST BANK I MD 

458 

800 

1,174 

800 

1,173 

1,973 

133 

2007 

Landover, MD 

-141-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST BANK I MD 

552 

600 

1,414 

(1) 

600 

1,413 

2,013 

160 

2007 

Avondale, MD 

SUNTRUST BANK I MD 

571 

800 

1,462 

(1) 

800 

1,461 

2,261 

165 

2007 

Cambridge, MD 

SUNTRUST BANK I MD 

615 

800 

1,575 

(1) 

800 

1,574 

2,374 

178 

2007 

Cockeysville, MD 

SUNTRUST BANK I MD 

870 

700 

2,229 

(1) 

700 

2,228 

2,928 

252 

2007 

Glen Burnie, MD 

SUNTRUST BANK I MD 

966 

100 

2,473 

(1) 

100 

2,473 

2,573 

279 

2007 

Annapolis, MD 

SUNTRUST BANK I MD 

679 

1,100 

1,737 

(1) 

1,100 

1,737 

2,837 

196 

2007 

Prince Frederick, MD 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

342 

600 

844 

600 

844 

1,444 

95 

2007 

Greensboro, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

291 

550 

719 

550 

719 

1,269 

81 

2007 

Greensboro, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

363 

190 

896 

190 

896 

1,086 

101 

2007 

Apex, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

193 

450 

477 

450 

477 

927 

54 

2007 

Arden, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

279 

400 

690 

400 

690 

1,090 

78 

2007 

Asheboro, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

245 

75 

604 

75 

604 

679 

68 

2007 

Bessemer City, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

180 

500 

444 

500 

444 

944 

50 

2007 

Durham, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

284 

550 

701 

550 

702 

1,252 

79 

2007 

Charlotte, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

361 

200 

891 

200 

891 

1,091 

101 

2007 

Charlotte, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

370 

425 

915 

425 

915 

1,340 

103 

2007 

Greensboro, NC 

-142-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

207 

320 

512 

320 

512 

832 

58 

2007 

Creedmoor, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

323 

280 

796 

280 

797 

1,077 

90 

2007 

Durham, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

333 

400 

821 

400 

822 

1,222 

93 

2007 

Dunn, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

158 

550 

389 

550 

389 

939 

44 

2007 

Harrisburg, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

376 

450 

929 

450 

929 

1,379 

105 

2007 

Hendersonville, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

287 

230 

708 

230 

709 

939 

80 

2007 

Cary, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

419 

300 

1,034 

300 

1,035 

1,335 

117 

2007 

Mebane, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

964 

175 

2,380 

1 

175 

2,381 

2,556 

269 

2007 

Lenoir, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

303 

130 

747 

130 

748 

878 

85 

2007 

Roxboro, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

250 

300 

617 

300 

617 

917 

70 

2007 

Winston-Salem, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

472 

280 

1,164 

280 

1,165 

1,445 

132 

2007 

Oxford, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

165 

25 

408 

25 

408 

433 

46 

2007 

Pittsboro, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

430 

500 

1,061 

500 

1,061 

1,561 

120 

2007 

Charlotte, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

227 

500 

561 

500 

561 

1,061 

63 

2007 

Greensboro, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

166 

350 

410 

350 

410 

760 

46 

2007 

Stanley, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

155 

275 

382 

275 

382 

657 

43 

2007 

Salisbury, NC 

-143-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

193 

250 

477 

250 

477 

727 

54 

2007 

Stokesdale, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

181 

600 

446 

600 

446 

1,046 

50 

2007 

Sylva, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

96 

150 

237 

150 

237 

387 

27 

2007 

Lexington, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

273 

140 

674 

140 

674 

814 

76 

2007 

Walnut Cove, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

256 

200 

632 

200 

632 

832 

71 

2007 

Waynesville, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

307 

550 

757 

550 

757 

1,307 

86 

2007 

Concord, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

381 

250 

941 

250 

941 

1,191 

106 

2007 

Yadkinville, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

144 

275 

356 

275 

356 

631 

40 

2007 

Rural Hall, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I NC 

194 

450 

479 

450 

479 

929 

54 

2007 

Summerfield, NC 

SUNTRUST BANK I SC 

455 

260 

1,255 

(1) 

260 

1,254 

1,514 

142 

2007 

Greenville, SC 

SUNTRUST BANK I SC 

328 

36 

904 

(1) 

36 

903 

939 

102 

2007 

Fountain Inn, SC 

SUNTRUST BANK I SC 

275 

80 

758 

80 

758 

838 

86 

2007 

Liberty, SC 

SUNTRUST BANK I SC 

318 

350 

878 

(1) 

350 

878 

1,228 

99 

2007 

Mauldin, SC 

SUNTRUST BANK I SC 

296 

160 

816 

160 

815 

975 

92 

2007 

Greenville, SC 

SUNTRUST BANK I SC 

224 

360 

618 

360 

617 

977 

70 

2007 

Greenville, SC 

SUNTRUST BANK I SC 

432 

800 

1,192 

(1) 

800 

1,192 

1,992 

135 

2007 

Greenville, SC 

-144-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

186 

240 

319 

240 

319 

559 

36 

2007 

Kingsport, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

136 

370 

234 

370 

233 

603 

26 

2007 

Morristown, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

605 

1,110 

1,036 

(1) 

1,110 

1,035 

2,145 

117 

2007 

Brentwood, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

544 

1,100 

932 

(1) 

1,100 

931 

2,031 

105 

2007 

Brentwood, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

600 

1,450 

1,028 

(1) 

1,450 

1,027 

2,477 

116 

2007 

Nashville, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

204 

675 

350 

675 

350 

1,025 

40 

2007 

Nashville, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

234 

250 

400 

250 

400 

650 

45 

2007 

East Ridge, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

509 

735 

872 

(1) 

735 

872 

1,607 

99 

2007 

Nashville, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

239 

370 

409 

370 

408 

778 

46 

2007 

Chattanooga, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

495 

675 

848 

(1) 

675 

847 

1,522 

96 

2007 

Lebanon, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

368 

425 

630 

(1) 

425 

630 

1,055 

71 

2007 

Chattanooga, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

287 

185 

491 

185 

491 

676 

55 

2007 

Chattanooga, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

224 

410 

383 

410 

383 

793 

43 

2007 

Loudon, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

392 

1,400 

671 

(1) 

1,400 

671 

2,071 

76 

2007 

Nashville, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

230 

150 

394 

150 

393 

543 

44 

2007 

Soddy Daisy, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

424 

660 

725 

(1) 

660 

725 

1,385 

82 

2007 

Oak Ridge, TN 

-145-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

376 

335 

645 

(1) 

335 

644 

979 

73 

2007 

Savannah, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

219 

550 

375 

550 

375 

925 

42 

2007 

Signal Mountain, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

346 

870 

593 

(1) 

870 

592 

1,462 

67 

2007 

Smyrna, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

310 

1,000 

530 

(1) 

1,000 

530 

1,530 

60 

2007 

Murfreesboro, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

155 

391 

265 

391 

265 

657 

30 

2007 

Murfreesboro, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

98 

180 

168 

180 

168 

348 

19 

2007 

Johnson City, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

162 

453 

278 

453 

278 

730 

31 

2007 

Chattanooga, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I TN 

265 

620 

454 

620 

454 

1,074 

51 

2007 

Nashville, TN 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

126 

30 

260 

30 

260 

290 

29 

2007 

Accomac, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

148 

300 

306 

300 

306 

606 

35 

2007 

Richmond, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

799 

1,000 

1,647 

1,000 

1,647 

2,647 

186 

2007 

Fairfax, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

491 

1,000 

1,012 

1,000 

1,012 

2,012 

114 

2007 

Fredericksburg, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

142 

500 

292 

500 

292 

792 

33 

2007 

Richmond, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

186 

140 

384 

140 

384 

524 

43 

2007 

Collinsville, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

168 

150 

346 

150 

346 

496 

39 

2007 

Doswell, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

479 

380 

988 

380 

987 

1,367 

112 

2007 

Lynchburg, VA 

-146-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

719 

2,200 

1,482 

2,200 

1,482 

3,682 

167 

2007 

Stafford, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

554 

760 

1,142 

760 

1,142 

1,902 

129 

2007 

Gloucester, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

352 

450 

726 

450 

725 

1,175 

82 

2007 

Chesapeake, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

111 

310 

228 

310 

228 

538 

26 

2007 

Lexington, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

90 

90 

185 

90 

185 

275 

21 

2007 

Radford, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

265 

530 

547 

530 

547 

1,077 

62 

2007 

Williamsburg, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

232 

860 

479 

860 

479 

1,339 

54 

2007 

Salem, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

658 

1,170 

1,357 

1,170 

1,357 

2,527 

153 

2007 

Roanoke, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

307 

150 

634 

150 

634 

784 

72 

2007 

New Market, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

485 

200 

999 

200 

999 

1,199 

113 

2007 

Onancock, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

85 

120 

176 

120 

176 

296 

20 

2007 

Painter, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

449 

260 

926 

260 

926 

1,186 

105 

2007 

Stuart, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

242 

450 

498 

450 

498 

948 

56 

2007 

Roanoke, VA 

SUNTRUST BANK I VA 

118 

399 

243 

399 

243 

642 

27 

2007 

Vinton, VA 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,528 

1,533 

893 

3 

1,533 

896 

2,429 

98 

2007 

Miami, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,388 

1,392 

811 

2 

1,392 

813 

2,206 

89 

2007 

Destin, FL 

-147-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,458 

1,463 

852 

2 

1,463 

855 

2,318 

94 

2007 

Dunedin, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,079 

1,082 

630 

2 

1,082 

632 

1,715 

70 

2007 

Palm Harbor FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,669 

1,675 

976 

3 

1,675 

979 

2,654 

108 

2007 

Tallahassee, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,217 

1,221 

711 

2 

1,221 

713 

1,935 

78 

2007 

Orlando, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,424 

1,429 

832 

2 

1,429 

835 

2,264 

92 

2007 

Orlando, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,123 

1,127 

656 

2 

1,127 

658 

1,785 

72 

2007 

Melbourne, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,314 

1,319 

768 

2 

1,319 

770 

2,089 

85 

2007 

Coral Springs, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,034 

1,038 

604 

2 

1,038 

606 

1,644 

67 

2007 

Lakeland, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,217 

1,221 

711 

2 

1,221 

713 

1,935 

78 

2007 

Palm Coast, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,522 

1,527 

890 

3 

1,527 

892 

2,420 

98 

2007 

Plant City, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,383 

1,388 

808 

2 

1,388 

811 

2,198 

89 

2007 

Orlando, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,022 

1,026 

598 

2 

1,026 

599 

1,625 

66 

2007 

South Daytona, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,192 

1,196 

697 

2 

1,196 

699 

1,895 

77 

2007 

Fort Lauderdale, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

979 

982 

572 

2 

982 

574 

1,556 

63 

2007 

Pensacola, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,236 

1,240 

722 

2 

1,240 

724 

1,965 

80 

2007 

West Palm Beach, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

813 

815 

475 

1 

815 

476 

1,292 

52 

2007 

Lake Wells, FL 

-148-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

338 

339 

198 

1 

339 

198 

537 

22 

2007 

Dunnellon, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,176 

1,180 

687 

2 

1,180 

689 

1,869 

76 

2007 

Kissimmee, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,127 

1,131 

659 

2 

1,131 

660 

1,791 

73 

2007 

Port Orange, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,115 

1,119 

652 

2 

1,119 

654 

1,772 

72 

2007 

North Port, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,091 

1,095 

638 

2 

1,095 

640 

1,735 

70 

2007 

Hudson, FL 

SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 

1,026 

1,030 

600 

2 

1,030 

602 

1,632 

66 

2007 

Port Orange, FL 

SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 

1,515 

1,399 

1,057 

(37) 

1,399 

1,021 

2,420 

112 

2007 

Atlanta, GA 

SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 

975 

900 

680 

(24) 

900 

657 

1,557 

72 

2007 

Bowden, GA 

SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 

477 

440 

333 

(12) 

440 

321 

761 

35 

2007 

Cedartown, GA 

SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 

1,217 

1,124 

849 

(29) 

1,124 

820 

1,944 

90 

2007 

St. Simons Island, GA 

SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 

1,878 

1,734 

1,310 

(45) 

1,734 

1,264 

2,998 

139 

2007 

Dunwoody, GA 

SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 

1,107 

1,022 

772 

(27) 

1,022 

745 

1,767 

82 

2007 

Atlanta, GA 

SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 

1,094 

1,010 

763 

(26) 

1,010 

737 

1,747 

81 

2007 

Jessup, GA 

SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 

172 

159 

120 

(4) 

159 

116 

274 

13 

2007 

Brunswick, GA 

SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 

1,373 

1,268 

958 

(33) 

1,268 

924 

2,192 

102 

2007 

Roswell, GA 

SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 

1,506 

1,391 

1,051 

(36) 

1,391 

1,014 

2,406 

112 

2007 

Norcross, GA 

-149-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 

657 

607 

459 

(16) 

607 

443 

1,050 

49 

2007 

Augusta, GA 

SUNTRUST II MARYLAND 

2,909 

1,747 

2,890 

2 

1,747 

2,892 

4,639 

318 

2007 

Annapolis, MD 

SUNTRUST II MARYLAND 

1,201 

721 

1,193 

1 

721 

1,194 

1,915 

131 

2007 

Frederick, MD 

SUNTRUST II MARYLAND 

2,113 

1,269 

2,099 

1 

1,269 

2,100 

3,369 

231 

2007 

Waldorf, MD 

SUNTRUST II MARYLAND 

1,602 

962 

1,591 

1 

962 

1,592 

2,554 

175 

2007 

Ellicott City, MD 

SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 

936 

453 

1,038 

1 

453 

1,039 

1,492 

114 

2007 

Belmont, NC 

SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 

622 

301 

690 

1 

301 

691 

992 

76 

2007 

Carrboro, NC 

SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 

1,240 

601 

1,375 

2 

601 

1,377 

1,978 

151 

2007 

Monroe, NC 

SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 

776 

376 

861 

1 

376 

862 

1,238 

95 

2007 

Lexington, NC 

SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 

602 

292 

668 

1 

292 

669 

961 

74 

2007 

Burlington, NC 

SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 

2,384 

1,155 

2,645 

3 

1,155 

2,648 

3,803 

291 

2007 

Mocksville, NC 

SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 

1,293 

627 

1,434 

2 

627 

1,436 

2,063 

158 

2007 

Durham, NC 

SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 

547 

265 

607 

1 

265 

608 

873 

67 

2007 

Oakboro, NC 

SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 

858 

416 

951 

1 

416 

953 

1,368 

105 

2007 

Concord, NC 

SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 

796 

386 

883 

1 

386 

884 

1,270 

97 

2007 

Raleigh, NC 

SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 

697 

338 

773 

1 

338 

774 

1,111 

85 

2007 

Greensboro, NC 

-150-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 

219 

106 

243 

0 

106 

243 

349 

27 

2007 

Pittsboro, NC 

SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 

347 

168 

385 

168 

385 

553 

42 

2007 

Yadkinville, NC 

SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 

466 

226 

517 

1 

226 

517 

743 

57 

2007 

Matthews, NC 

SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 

378 

183 

419 

1 

183 

420 

603 

46 

2007 

Burlington, NC 

SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 

697 

338 

773 

1 

338 

774 

1,111 

85 

2007 

Zebulon, NC 

SUNTRUST II SOUTH CAROLINA 

639 

220 

798 

220 

798 

1,018 

88 

2007 

Belton, SC 

SUNTRUST II SOUTH CAROLINA 

996 

343 

1,243 

1 

343 

1,244 

1,587 

137 

2007 

Anderson, SC 

SUNTRUST II SOUTH CAROLINA 

906 

312 

1,132 

1 

312 

1,132 

1,444 

125 

2007 

Travelers Rest, SC 

SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 

1,757 

1,190 

1,619 

3 

1,190 

1,623 

2,812 

178 

2007 

Nashville, TN 

SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 

231 

156 

213 

156 

213 

369 

23 

2007 

Lavergne, TN 

SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 

747 

506 

689 

1 

506 

690 

1,196 

76 

2007 

Nashville, TN 

SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 

531 

360 

489 

1 

360 

490 

850 

54 

2007 

Nashville, TN 

SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 

919 

622 

847 

2 

622 

848 

1,470 

93 

2007 

Chatanooga, TN 

SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 

866 

587 

798 

2 

587 

800 

1,387 

88 

2007 

Madison, TN 

SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 

1,367 

759 

1,423 

(1) 

759 

1,422 

2,181 

156 

2007 

Richmond, VA 

SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 

423 

235 

441 

235 

441 

676 

48 

2007 

Richmond, VA 

-151-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 

665 

369 

692 

369 

692 

1,061 

76 

2007 

Norfolk, VA 

SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 

436 

242 

454 

242 

453 

695 

50 

2007 

Lynchburg, VA 

SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 

366 

203 

382 

203 

381 

585 

42 

2007 

Cheriton, VA 

SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 

1,104 

613 

1,149 

(1) 

613 

1,149 

1,761 

126 

2007 

Rocky Mount, VA 

SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 

250 

139 

260 

139 

260 

399 

29 

2007 

Petersburg, VA 

SUNTRUST III DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 

1,730 

800 

1,986 

800 

1,986 

2,786 

200 

2008 

Washington, DC 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,208 

1,199 

729 

1,199 

729 

1,928 

73 

2008 

Avon Park, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

626 

622 

378 

622 

378 

1,000 

38 

2008 

Bartow, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

621 

616 

374 

616 

374 

991 

38 

2008 

Belleview, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,027 

1,020 

620 

1,020 

620 

1,640 

62 

2008 

Beverly Hills, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,485 

1,474 

896 

1,474 

896 

2,370 

90 

2008 

Boca Raton, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

997 

990 

602 

990 

602 

1,592 

61 

2008 

Bradenton, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,200 

1,192 

724 

1,192 

724 

1,916 

73 

2008 

Cape Coral, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

563 

559 

340 

559 

340 

898 

34 

2008 

Clearwater, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,657 

1,646 

1,000 

1,646 

1,000 

2,645 

101 

2008 

Crystal River, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

666 

661 

402 

661 

402 

1,063 

40 

2008 

Daytona Beach Shores, FL 

-152-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

981 

975 

592 

975 

592 

1,567 

60 

2008 

Deland, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

981 

975 

592 

975 

592 

1,567 

60 

2008 

Deland, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,050 

1,043 

634 

1,043 

634 

1,677 

64 

2008 

Edgewater, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

931 

924 

562 

924 

562 

1,486 

57 

2008 

Flager Beach, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

683 

678 

412 

678 

412 

1,090 

42 

2008 

Fort Myers, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,089 

1,081 

657 

1,081 

657 

1,738 

66 

2008 

Fort Myers, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,436 

1,426 

867 

1,426 

867 

2,293 

87 

2008 

Greenacres City, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,790 

1,778 

1,080 

1,778 

1,080 

2,859 

109 

2008 

Gulf Breeze, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,114 

1,106 

672 

1,106 

672 

1,778 

68 

2008 

Haines City, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

2,193 

2,178 

1,323 

2,178 

1,323 

3,501 

133 

2008 

Hallandale, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

685 

680 

413 

680 

413 

1,093 

42 

2008 

Hamosassa, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

2,130 

2,115 

1,285 

2,115 

1,285 

3,401 

130 

2008 

Hilaleah, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

581 

577 

350 

577 

350 

927 

35 

2008 

Inverness, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

868 

862 

524 

862 

524 

1,385 

53 

2008 

Jacksonville, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,088 

1,080 

656 

1,080 

656 

1,736 

66 

2008 

Jacksonville, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,303 

1,294 

786 

1,294 

786 

2,080 

79 

2008 

Jupiter, FL 

-153-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,132 

1,124 

683 

1,124 

683 

1,806 

69 

2008 

Lady Lake, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,292 

1,283 

779 

1,283 

779 

2,062 

79 

2008 

Lady Lake, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,060 

1,052 

639 

1,052 

639 

1,692 

64 

2008 

Lake Placid, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

800 

795 

483 

795 

483 

1,278 

49 

2008 

Lakeland, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

711 

706 

429 

706 

429 

1,135 

43 

2008 

Largo, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

869 

863 

525 

863 

525 

1,388 

53 

2008 

Lynn Haven, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

880 

874 

531 

874 

531 

1,405 

54 

2008 

Melbourne, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,644 

1,633 

992 

1,633 

992 

2,624 

100 

2008 

Miami, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

963 

956 

581 

956 

581 

1,538 

59 

2008 

Miami Beach, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

942 

935 

568 

935 

568 

1,503 

57 

2008 

New Port Richey, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,509 

1,498 

910 

1,498 

910 

2,408 

92 

2008 

Orlando, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,415 

1,405 

854 

1,405 

854 

2,259 

86 

2008 

Orlando, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

576 

572 

348 

572 

348 

920 

35 

2008 

Palm Harbor, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,361 

1,352 

821 

1,352 

821 

2,173 

83 

2008 

Palm Harbor, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

935 

928 

564 

928 

564 

1,492 

57 

2008 

Port St. Lucie, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,706 

1,695 

1,030 

1,695 

1,030 

2,724 

104 

2008 

Punta Gorda, FL 

-154-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

981 

974 

592 

974 

592 

1,567 

60 

2008 

Roseland, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

793 

787 

478 

787 

478 

1,265 

48 

2008 

Sebring, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

748 

743 

452 

743 

452 

1,195 

46 

2008 

Seminole, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

826 

820 

498 

820 

498 

1,319 

50 

2008 

Spring Hill, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,370 

1,360 

827 

1,360 

827 

2,187 

83 

2008 

Spring Hill, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,339 

1,330 

808 

1,330 

808 

2,138 

81 

2008 

Spring Hill, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

943 

936 

569 

936 

569 

1,505 

57 

2008 

St. Petersburg, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,919 

1,906 

1,158 

1,906 

1,158 

3,063 

117 

2008 

Stuart, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

2,027 

2,013 

1,223 

2,013 

1,223 

3,236 

123 

2008 

Sun City Center, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,528 

1,518 

922 

1,518 

922 

2,440 

93 

2008 

Tamarac, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

609 

605 

367 

605 

367 

972 

37 

2008 

Valrico, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

765 

760 

462 

760 

462 

1,221 

47 

2008 

Wildwood, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

808 

802 

488 

802 

488 

1,290 

49 

2008 

Zephyhills, FL 

SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 

1,929 

1,916 

1,164 

1,916 

1,164 

3,080 

117 

2008 

Zephyhills, FL 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

653 

564 

482 

564 

482 

1,046 

49 

2008 

Albany, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

1,901 

1,642 

1,404 

1,642 

1,404 

3,046 

141 

2008 

Alpharetta, GA 

-155-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

1,427 

1,233 

1,054 

1,233 

1,054 

2,287 

106 

2008 

Alpharetta, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

1,228 

1,061 

907 

1,061 

907 

1,968 

91 

2008 

Athens, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

2,321 

2,005 

1,714 

2,005 

1,714 

3,719 

173 

2008 

Atlanta, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

494 

427 

365 

427 

365 

791 

37 

2008 

Atlanta, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

1,028 

888 

759 

888 

759 

1,647 

76 

2008 

Augusta, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

501 

432 

370 

432 

370 

802 

37 

2008 

Augusta, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

674 

582 

498 

582 

498 

1,080 

50 

2008 

Augusta, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

1,046 

904 

772 

904 

772 

1,676 

78 

2008 

Baxley, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

605 

523 

447 

523 

447 

970 

45 

2008 

Columbus, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

526 

454 

389 

454 

389 

843 

39 

2008 

Conyers, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

712 

615 

526 

615 

526 

1,141 

53 

2008 

Douglas, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

1,299 

1,122 

959 

1,122 

959 

2,081 

97 

2008 

Duluth, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

928 

802 

686 

802 

686 

1,488 

69 

2008 

Jonesboro, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

1,844 

1,593 

1,362 

1,593 

1,362 

2,955 

137 

2008 

Lawrenceville, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

843 

728 

622 

728 

622 

1,351 

63 

2008 

Marietta, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

742 

641 

548 

641 

548 

1,189 

55 

2008 

Norcross, GA 

-156-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

899 

777 

664 

777 

664 

1,441 

67 

2008 

Tucker, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

1,448 

1,251 

1,069 

1,251 

1,069 

2,320 

108 

2008 

Warner Robins, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

1,215 

1,050 

897 

1,050 

897 

1,947 

90 

2008 

Woodstock, GA 

SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 

384 

332 

284 

332 

284 

615 

29 

2008 

Macon, GA 

SUNTRUST III MARYLAND 

1,240 

563 

1,427 

563 

1,427 

1,989 

144 

2008 

Bladensburg, MD 

SUNTRUST III MARYLAND 

811 

368 

933 

368 

933 

1,301 

94 

2008 

Chestertown, MD 

SUNTRUST III MARYLAND 

1,696 

770 

1,952 

770 

1,952 

2,721 

197 

2008 

Upper Marlboro, MD 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

973 

617 

953 

617 

953 

1,570 

96 

2008 

Black Mountain, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

431 

273 

422 

273 

422 

695 

43 

2008 

Butner, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

861 

546 

843 

546 

843 

1,389 

85 

2008 

Cary, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

545 

346 

534 

346 

534 

880 

54 

2008 

Chapel Hill, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

947 

600 

928 

600 

928 

1,528 

94 

2008 

Denton, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

505 

320 

495 

320 

495 

815 

50 

2008 

Erwin, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

606 

384 

594 

384 

594 

978 

60 

2008 

Greensboro, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

492 

312 

482 

312 

482 

794 

49 

2008 

Hudson, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

525 

333 

514 

333 

514 

847 

52 

2008 

Huntersville, NC 

-157-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

1,249 

792 

1,224 

792 

1,224 

2,016 

123 

2008 

Kannapolis, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

641 

407 

628 

407 

628 

1,035 

63 

2008 

Kernersville, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

352 

224 

345 

224 

345 

569 

35 

2008 

Marshville, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

692 

439 

678 

439 

678 

1,118 

68 

2008 

Mocksville, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

528 

335 

517 

335 

517 

852 

52 

2008 

Monroe, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

622 

395 

610 

395 

610 

1,004 

61 

2008 

Monroe, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

557 

354 

546 

354 

546 

900 

55 

2008 

Norwood, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

1,445 

916 

1,415 

916 

1,415 

2,332 

143 

2008 

Raleigh, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

959 

608 

940 

608 

940 

1,548 

95 

2008 

Roxboro, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

539 

342 

528 

342 

528 

869 

53 

2008 

Spencer, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

1,325 

841 

1,299 

841 

1,299 

2,139 

131 

2008 

Wake Forest, NC 

SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 

264 

167 

259 

167 

259 

426 

26 

2008 

Youngsville, NC 

SUNTRUST III SOUTH CAROLINA 

787 

422 

836 

422 

836 

1,258 

84 

2008 

Anderson, SC 

SUNTRUST III SOUTH CAROLINA 

518 

278 

550 

278 

550 

828 

55 

2008 

Spartanburg, SC 

SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 

578 

597 

343 

597 

343 

940 

35 

2008 

Chattanooga, TN 

SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 

757 

783 

449 

783 

449 

1,232 

45 

2008 

Chattanooga, TN 

-158-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 

516 

533 

306 

533 

306 

839 

31 

2008 

Chattanooga, TN 

SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 

692 

716 

411 

716 

411 

1,127 

41 

2008 

Chattanooga, TN 

SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 

341 

353 

203 

353 

203 

556 

20 

2008 

Cleveland, TN 

SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 

111 

115 

66 

115 

66 

180 

7 

2008 

Johnson City, TN 

SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 

229 

237 

136 

237 

136 

373 

14 

2008 

Jonesborough, TN 

SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 

557 

576 

330 

576 

330 

907 

33 

2008 

Lake City, TN 

SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 

300 

310 

178 

310 

178 

488 

18 

2008 

Lawrenceburg, TN 

SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 

574 

593 

340 

593 

340 

934 

34 

2008 

Murfreesboro, TN 

SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 

941 

973 

558 

973 

558 

1,531 

56 

2008 

Nashville, TN 

SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 

743 

768 

441 

768 

441 

1,209 

44 

2008 

Nashville, TN 

SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 

705 

730 

419 

730 

419 

1,148 

42 

2008 

Nashville, TN 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

1,792 

1,518 

1,370 

1,518 

1,370 

2,888 

138 

2008 

Alexandria, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

1,557 

1,319 

1,190 

1,319 

1,190 

2,508 

120 

2008 

Arlington, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

323 

273 

246 

273 

246 

520 

25 

2008 

Beaverdam, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

541 

458 

413 

458 

413 

871 

42 

2008 

Franklin, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

725 

614 

554 

614 

554 

1,169 

56 

2008 

Gloucester, VA 

-159-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

435 

368 

332 

368 

332 

701 

34 

2008 

Harrisonburg, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

395 

335 

302 

335 

302 

637 

30 

2008 

Lightfoot, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

366 

310 

280 

310 

280 

590 

28 

2008 

Madison Heights, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

2,039 

1,727 

1,558 

1,727 

1,558 

3,285 

157 

2008 

Manassas, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

566 

479 

433 

479 

433 

912 

44 

2008 

Mechanicsville, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

300 

254 

229 

254 

229 

484 

23 

2008 

Nassawadox, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

365 

309 

279 

309 

279 

589 

28 

2008 

Radford, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

1,401 

1,186 

1,070 

1,186 

1,070 

2,257 

108 

2008 

Richmond, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

306 

259 

234 

259 

234 

493 

24 

2008 

Richmond, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

892 

755 

681 

755 

681 

1,437 

69 

2008 

Richmond, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

591 

501 

452 

501 

452 

952 

46 

2008 

Richmond, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

401 

339 

306 

339 

306 

646 

31 

2008 

Roanoke, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

176 

149 

135 

149 

135 

284 

14 

2008 

Roanoke, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

846 

716 

646 

716 

646 

1,362 

65 

2008 

South Boston, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

1,341 

1,136 

1,025 

1,136 

1,025 

2,160 

103 

2008 

Spotsylvania, VA 

SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 

659 

558 

504 

558 

504 

1,062 

51 

2008 

Virginia Beach, VA 

-160-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SYCAMORE COMMONS 

48,382 

12,500 

31,265 

12,500 

31,265 

43,765 

982 

2010 

Matthews, NC 

THE CENTER AT HUGH HOWELL 

7,722 

2,250 

11,091 

458 

2,250 

11,549 

13,799 

1,566 

2007 

Tucker, GA 

THE HIGHLANDS 

9,745 

5,500 

9,589 

103 

5,500 

9,692 

15,192 

1,267 

2006 

Flower Mound, TX 

THE MARKET AT HILLIARD 

11,205 

4,432 

13,308 

3,056 

4,432 

16,364 

20,796 

2,427 

2005 

Hilliard, OH 

THOMAS CROSSROADS 

4,460 

1,622 

8,322 

16 

1,622 

8,338 

9,960 

602 

2009 

Newnan, GA 

TOMBALL TOWN CENTER 

1,938 

14,233 

3,464 

1,938 

17,697 

19,634 

2,832 

2005 

Tomball, TX 

TRIANGLE CENTER 

23,600 

12,770 

24,556 

1,447 

12,770 

26,003 

38,773 

4,398 

2005 

Longview, WA 

TULSA HILLS SHOPPING CENTER 

29,727 

8,000 

42,272 

8,000 

42,272 

50,272 

1,042 

2010 

Tulsa, OK 

UNIVERSAL PLAZA 

9,887 

2,900 

4,950 

2,900 

4,950 

7,850 

150 

2010 

Lauderhill, FL 

UNIVERSITY OAKS SHOPPING CENTER 

18,794 

7,250 

25,326 

7,250 

25,326 

32,576 

631 

2010 

Round Rock, TX 

VENTURE POINT 

25,818 

10,400 

12,887 

10,400 

12,887 

23,287 

337 

2010 

Duluth, GA 

WALGREENS - SPRINGFIELD 

855 

2,530 

855 

2,530 

3,385 

464 

2007 

Springfield, MO 

WARDS CROSSING 

12,904 

2,400 

11,417 

2,400 

11,417 

13,817 

359 

2010 

Lynchburg, VA 

WASHINGTON PARK PLAZA 

30,600 

6,500 

33,912 

(301) 

6,500 

33,612 

40,112 

4,098 

2005 

Homewood, IL 

WEST END SQUARE 

675 

2,784 

146 

675 

2,930 

3,605 

500 

2007 

Houston, TX 

WILLIS TOWN CENTER 

1,550 

1,820 

652 

1,550 

2,472 

4,022 

377 

2005 

Willis, TX 

-161-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

WINCHESTER TOWN CENTER 

495 

3,966 

45 

495 

4,011 

4,506 

737 

2005 

Houston, TX 

WINDERMERE VILLAGE 

1,220 

6,331 

796 

1,220 

7,127 

8,347 

1,274 

2005 

Houston, TX 

WOODBRIDGE 

3,740 

3,740 

3,740 

132 

1905 

Wylie, TX 

WOODFOREST SQUARE 

300 

2,136 

679 

300 

2,815 

3,115 

500 

2005 

Houston, TX 

WOODLAKE CROSSING 

15,244 

3,420 

14,153 

700 

3,420 

14,853 

18,273 

534 

2009 

San Antonio, TX 

Office 

11500 MARKET STREET 

140 

346 

140 

346 

486 

65 

2005 

Jacinto City, TX 

6234 RICHMOND AVENUE 

500 

970 

992 

500 

1,962 

2,462 

316 

2006 

Houston, TX 

AMERICAN EXPRESS - GREENSBORO 

26,565 

8,850 

39,527 

8,850 

39,527 

48,377 

2,334 

2009 

Greensboro, NC 

AMERICAN EXPRESS - SALT LAKE CITY 

23,106 

9,000 

45,415 

9,000 

45,415 

54,415 

2,642 

2009 

Salt Lake City, UT 

AT T - ST LOUIS 

112,695 

8,000 

170,169 

39 

8,000 

170,208 

178,208 

23,825 

2007 

St Louis, MO 

AT T CLEVELAND 

29,242 

870 

40,033 

30 

870 

40,063 

40,933 

5,340 

2005 

Cleveland, OH 

BRIDGESIDE POINT OFFICE BLDG 

17,325 

1,525 

28,609 

1,525 

28,609 

30,134 

5,090 

2006 

Pittsburg, PA 

COMMONS DRIVE 

3,663 

1,600 

5,746 

1,663 

1,600 

7,410 

9,010 

878 

2007 

Aurora, IL 

COMPUTERSHARE/EQUISERVE 

44,500 

6,481 

51,701 

6,481 

51,701 

58,182 

2,730 

2009 

Canton, MA 

CRYSTAL LAKE MEDICAL 

10,813 

2,343 

5,972 

2,343 

5,972 

8,315 

65 

2010 

Crystal Lake, IL 

-162-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

DAKOTA RIDGE MEDICAL 

1,873 

5,406 

1,873 

5,406 

7,280 

79 

2010 

Littleton, CO 

DENVER HIGHLANDS 

10,500 

1,700 

11,839 

1,700 

11,839 

13,539 

1,700 

2006 

Highlands Ranch, CO 

DULLES EXECUTIVE PLAZA 

68,750 

15,500 

96,083 

3,065 

15,500 

99,148 

114,648 

16,245 

2006 

Herndon, VA 

HOUSTON LAKES 

8,988 

3,000 

12,950 

642 

3,000 

13,592 

16,592 

1,913 

2006 

Houston, TX 

IDS CENTER 

125,000 

24,900 

202,016 

17,502 

24,900 

219,518 

244,418 

33,514 

2007 

Minneapolis, MN 

KINROSS LAKES 

10,065 

825 

14,639 

50 

825 

14,689 

15,514 

2,053 

2005 

Richfield, OH 

LAKE VIEW TECHNOLOGY CENTER 

14,470 

884 

22,072 

32 

884 

22,104 

22,988 

3,926 

2006 

Suffolk, VA 

MCP ONE 

5,832 

451 

2,861 

451 

2,861 

3,311 

254 

2009 

Indianapolis, IN 

MCP TWO 

12,750 

1,990 

9,820 

1,990 

9,820 

11,810 

1,055 

2009 

Indianapolis, IN 

MCP THREE 

12,000 

2,251 

7,178 

2,251 

7,178 

9,428 

101 

2010 

Indianapolis, IN 

MIDLOTHIAN MEDICAL 

8,807 

9,041 

113 

9,153 

9,153 

719 

2009 

Midlothian, VA 

NORTH BAY MEDICAL 

4,097 

3,957 

3,957 

3,957 

43 

2010 

New Port Richey, FL 

REGIONAL ROAD 

8,679 

950 

10,501 

122 

950 

10,623 

11,573 

1,611 

2006 

Greensboro, NC 

SANOFI AVENTIS 

190,000 

16,900 

192,987 

2,621 

16,900 

195,608 

212,508 

13,063 

2009 

Bridgewater, NJ 

SANTEE - CIVIC CENTER 

12,023 

17,838 

18 

17,856 

17,856 

2,552 

2005 

Santee, CA 

SBC CENTER 

200,472 

35,800 

287,424 

443 

35,800 

287,867 

323,667 

51,998 

2007 

Hoffman Estates, IL 

-163-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

SUNTRUST OFFICE I FL 

2,079 

5,700 

2,417 

(3) 

5,700 

2,414 

8,114 

41 

2007 

Bal Harbour, FL 

SUNTRUST OFFICE I FL 

313 

315 

363 

(1) 

315 

363 

678 

273 

2007 

Bushnell, FL 

SUNTRUST OFFICE I FL 

570 

1,260 

662 

(1) 

1,260 

661 

1,921 

75 

2007 

Melbourne, FL 

SUNTRUST OFFICE I GA 

261 

275 

675 

(0) 

275 

675 

950 

76 

2007 

Douglas, GA 

SUNTRUST OFFICE I MD 

1,449 

650 

4,617 

(2) 

650 

4,614 

5,264 

522 

2007 

Bethesda, MD 

SUNTRUST OFFICE I NC 

519 

400 

1,471 

(1) 

400 

1,470 

1,870 

166 

2007 

Winston-Salem, NC 

SUNTRUST OFFICE I NC 

600 

500 

1,700 

(1) 

500 

1,699 

2,199 

192 

2007 

Raleigh, NC 

SUNTRUST OFFICE I VA 

2,092 

1,360 

6,272 

(3) 

1,360 

6,269 

7,629 

709 

2007 

Richmond, VA 

SUNTRUST II OFFICE GEORGIA 

4,357 

2,625 

4,355 

(3) 

2,625 

4,352 

6,977 

479 

2008 

Atlanta, GA 

SUNTRUST III OFFICE FLORIDA 

1,333 

1,667 

457 

1,667 

457 

2,124 

46 

2008 

Gainesville, FL 

SUNTRUST III OFFICE FLORIDA 

846 

1,058 

290 

1,058 

290 

1,348 

29 

2008 

Holy Hill, FL 

SUNTRUST III OFFICE GEORGIA 

1,483 

676 

1,703 

676 

1,703 

2,379 

172 

2008 

Brunswick, GA 

SUNTRUST III OFFICE GEORGIA 

1,755 

799 

2,016 

799 

2,016 

2,815 

203 

2008 

Gainesville, GA 

UNITED HEALTH - CYPRESS 

22,000 

10,000 

30,547 

2 

10,000 

30,549 

40,549 

2,240 

2008 

Cypress, CA 

UNITED HEALTH - FREDERICK 

17,888 

5,100 

26,303 

2 

5,100 

26,305 

31,405 

1,841 

2008 

Frederick, MD 

UNTIED HEALTH - GREEN BAY 

28,958 

4,250 

45,725 

23 

4,250 

45,748 

49,998 

3,202 

2008 

Green Bay, WI 

-164-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

UNITED HEALTH - INDIANAPOLIS 

16,545 

3,500 

24,248 

2 

3,500 

24,250 

27,750 

1,697 

2008 

Indianapolis, IN 

UNITED HEALTH - ONALASKA 

4,149 

4,090 

2,794 

2 

4,090 

2,796 

6,886 

205 

2008 

Onalaska, WI 

UNITED HEALTH - WAUWATOSA 

10,050 

1,800 

14,930 

2 

1,800 

14,932 

16,732 

1,045 

2006 

Wauwatosa, WI 

WASHINGTON MUTUAL - ARLINGTON 

20,115 

4,870 

30,915 

3 

4,870 

30,918 

35,788 

4,723 

2007 

Arlington, TX 

WORLDGATE PLAZA 

59,950 

14,000 

79,048 

2,356 

14,000 

81,403 

95,403 

10,735 

2007 

Herndon, VA 

Multi-family 

14th STREET - UAB 

11,770 

4,250 

27,458 

4,250 

27,458 

31,708 

3,444 

2007 

Birmingham, AL 

BLOCK 121 

15,350 

3,360 

32,087 

3,360 

32,087 

35,447 

353 

2010 

Birmingham, AL 

BRAZOS RANCH APARTMENTS 

15,246 

4,000 

22,246 

4,000 

22,246 

26,246 

1,686 

2009 

Rosenberg, TX 

ENCINO CANYON APARTMENTS 

12,000 

1,700 

16,443 

1,700 

16,443 

18,143 

2,123 

2007 

San Antonio,TX 

FANNIN STREET STATION APARTMENTS 

31,820 

24,000 

30,200 

24,000 

30,200 

54,200 

1,166 

2010 

Houston, TX 

FIELDS APARTMENT HOMES 

18,700 

1,850 

29,783 

1,850 

29,783 

31,633 

4,266 

2007 

Bloomington, IN 

GROGANS LANDING APARTMENTS 

9,705 

4,380 

10,533 

1,894 

4,380 

12,427 

16,807 

720 

2009 

The Woodlands, TX 

KATY TRAIL 

24,257 

6,500 

33,174 

6,500 

33,174 

39,674 

322 

2010 

Dallas, TX 

LANDINGS AT CLEARLAKE 

18,590 

3,770 

27,843 

3,770 

27,843 

31,613 

3,973 

2007 

Webster,TX 

LEGACY AT ART QUARTER 

29,426 

1,290 

35,031 

123 

1,290 

35,153 

36,443 

2,865 

2008 

Oklahoma City, OK 

-165-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

LEGACY CORNER 

14,630 

1,600 

23,765 

1,600 

23,765 

25,365 

1,944 

2008 

Midwest City, OK 

LEGACY CROSSING 

23,488 

1,110 

29,297 

75 

1,110 

29,372 

30,482 

2,374 

2008 

Oklahoma City, OK 

LEGACY WOODS 

21,190 

2,500 

31,505 

8 

2,500 

31,514 

34,014 

2,580 

2007 

Edmond, OK 

NANTUCKET APARTMENTS 

27,398 

2,170 

30,388 

2,170 

30,388 

32,558 

477 

2010 

Loveland, OH 

OAK PARK 

30,801 

9,738 

39,958 

69 

9,738 

40,027 

49,765 

1,754 

2009 

Dallas, TX 

PARKSIDE APARTMENTS 

18,000 

5,500 

15,623 

5,500 

15,623 

21,123 

765 

2009 

The Woodlands, TX 

SEVEN PALMS APARTMENTS 

18,750 

3,550 

24,348 

5 

3,550 

24,353 

27,903 

3,117 

2006 

Webster,TX 

SOUTHGATE APARTMENTS 

10,725 

1,730 

16,356 

1,730 

16,356 

18,086 

2,971 

2007 

Louisville,KY 

STERLING RIDGE ESTATES 

14,324 

4,140 

20,550 

(46) 

4,140 

20,504 

24,644 

1,161 

2009 

The Woodlands, TX 

THE RADIAN (PENN) 

58,500 

79,997 

11,893 

91,890 

91,890 

7,552 

2007 

Radian, PA 

UNIV HOUSE AT GAINESVILLE 

15,945 

6,561 

36,879 

1,015 

6,561 

37,893 

44,454 

3,607 

2007 

Gainesville, FL 

UNIV HOUSE AT HUNTSVILLE 

13,325 

1,351 

26,308 

1,230 

1,351 

27,538 

28,888 

2,926 

2007 

Huntsville, TX 

UNIV HOUSE AT LAFAYETTE 

9,306 

16,357 

1,665 

18,022 

18,022 

1,881 

2007 

Lafayette, AL 

VILLAGES AT KITTY HAWK 

11,550 

2,070 

17,397 

11 

2,070 

17,408 

19,478 

2,422 

2007 

Universal City,TX 

VILLAS AT SHADOW CREEK 

16,117 

3,690 

24,142 

3,690 

24,142 

27,832 

1,986 

2007 

Pearland, TX 

WATERFORD PLACE AT SHADOW CREEK 

16,500 

2,980 

24,573 

2,980 

24,573 

27,553 

3,512 

2007 

Pearland,TX 

-166-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

WOODRIDGE APARTMENTS 

13,173 

3,680 

11,235 

3,680 

11,235 

14,915 

540 

2009 

The Woodlands, TX 

Industrial 

11500 MELROSE AVE -294 TOLLWAY 

4,561 

2,500 

5,071 

2,500 

5,071 

7,571 

635 

2006 

Franklin Park, IL 

1800 BRUNING 

10,156 

10,000 

7,971 

83 

10,000 

8,053 

18,053 

1,198 

2006 

Itasca, IL 

500 HARTLAND 

5,860 

1,200 

7,459 

1,200 

7,459 

8,659 

1,139 

2006 

Hartland, WI 

55th STREET 

7,351 

1,600 

11,115 

1,600 

11,115 

12,715 

1,698 

2007 

Kenosha, WI 

AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #10 

2,042 

600 

2,861 

35 

600 

2,896 

3,496 

380 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #11 

1,539 

400 

2,120 

400 

2,120 

2,520 

278 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #15 

1,203 

200 

1,651 

4 

200 

1,654 

1,854 

227 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #16 

2,714 

600 

3,750 

600 

3,750 

4,350 

493 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #18 

1,007 

200 

1,317 

65 

200 

1,382 

1,582 

194 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #19 

2,546 

600 

3,866 

600 

3,866 

4,466 

507 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #2 

1,734 

400 

2,282 

400 

2,282 

2,682 

299 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #4 

1,287 

300 

1,662 

300 

1,662 

1,962 

218 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #7 

699 

200 

832 

200 

832 

1,032 

114 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #8 

448 

100 

630 

100 

630 

730 

87 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #9 

811 

200 

948 

40 

200 

988 

1,188 

136 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

-167-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

ANHEUSER BUSCH 

7,548 

2,200 

13,598 

2,200 

13,598 

15,798 

1,586 

2007 

Devens, MA 

ATLAS - BELVIDERE 

11,329 

1,600 

15,521 

1,600 

15,521 

17,121 

1,769 

2007 

Belvidere, IL 

ATLAS - CARTERSVILLE 

8,273 

900 

13,112 

(39) 

900 

13,073 

13,973 

1,488 

2007 

Cartersville, GA 

ATLAS - DOUGLAS 

3,432 

75 

6,681 

75 

6,681 

6,756 

760 

2007 

Douglas, GA 

ATLAS - GAFFNEY 

3,350 

950 

5,114 

950 

5,114 

6,064 

582 

2007 

Gaffney, SC 

ATLAS - GAINESVILLE 

7,731 

550 

12,783 

550 

12,783 

13,333 

1,454 

2007 

Gainesville, GA 

ATLAS - PENDERGRASS 

14,919 

1,250 

24,259 

1,250 

24,259 

25,509 

2,759 

2007 

Pendergrass, GA 

ATLAS - PIEDMONT 

13,563 

400 

23,113 

7 

400 

23,120 

23,520 

2,629 

2007 

Piedmont, SC 

ATLAS - ST PAUL 

8,226 

3,890 

10,093 

3,890 

10,093 

13,983 

1,148 

2007 

St. Paul, MN 

ATLAS-BROOKLYN PARK 

7,407 

2,640 

8,934 

2,640 

8,934 

11,574 

1,016 

2007 

Brooklyn Park, MN 

ATLAS-NEW ULM 

6,015 

900 

9,359 

900 

9,359 

10,259 

1,066 

2007 

New Ulm, MN 

ATLAS-ZUMBROA 

10,242 

1,300 

16,437 

1,300 

16,437 

17,737 

1,870 

2006 

Zumbrota, MN 

BAYMEADOW - GLEN BURNIE 

13,824 

1,225 

23,407 

24 

1,225 

23,431 

24,656 

3,348 

2006 

Glen Burnie, MD 

C S - ABERDEEN 

22,720 

4,650 

33,276 

13 

4,650 

33,289 

37,939 

4,660 

2006 

Aberdeen, MD 

C S - BIRMINGHAM 

25,964 

3,400 

40,373 

3,400 

40,373 

43,773 

3,532 

2008 

Birmingham, AL 

C S - NORTH HATFIELD 

20,280 

4,800 

30,103 

14 

4,800 

30,117 

34,917 

4,216 

2006 

Hatfield, MA 

-168-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

C S - SOUTH HATFIELD 

10,000 

2,500 

15,251 

11 

2,500 

15,262 

17,762 

2,137 

2006 

Hatfield, MA 

C S - WESTFIELD 

29,500 

3,850 

45,906 

13 

3,850 

45,919 

49,769 

6,428 

2006 

Westfield, MA 

CLARION 

3,172 

87 

4,790 

90 

87 

4,880 

4,967 

692 

2007 

Clarion, IA 

COLOMA 

10,017 

410 

17,110 

777 

410 

17,887 

18,297 

2,017 

2006 

Coloma, MI 

DEER PARK SEACO 

2,965 

240 

5,271 

240 

5,271 

5,511 

805 

2007 

Deer Park, TX 

DELP DISTRIBUTION CENTER #2 

1,623 

280 

2,282 

280 

2,282 

2,562 

330 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

DELP DISTRIBUTION CENTER #5 

1,623 

390 

2,050 

2 

390 

2,051 

2,441 

269 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

DELP DISTRIBUTION CENTER #8 

1,399 

760 

1,388 

760 

1,388 

2,148 

190 

2006 

Memphis, TN 

DORAL - WAUKESHA 

1,364 

240 

2,013 

240 

2,013 

2,253 

308 

2006 

Waukesha, WI 

HASKELL-ROLLING PLAINS FACILITY 

45 

19,733 

45 

19,733 

19,778 

1,906 

2008 

Haskell, TX 

HOME DEPOT - LAKE PARK 

15,469 

1,350 

24,770 

4 

1,350 

24,774 

26,124 

1,734 

2008 

Valdosta, GA 

HOME DEPOT - MACALLA 

17,094 

2,800 

26,067 

4 

2,800 

26,071 

28,871 

1,828 

2008 

MaCalla, AL 

HUDSON CORRECTIONAL FACILITY 

1,382 

93,137 

1,382 

93,137 

94,520 

4,217 

2009 

Hudson, CO 

IMAGINE AVONDALE 

1,195 

5,731 

1,195 

5,731 

6,926 

195 

2010 

Avondale, AZ 

IMAGINE COOLIDGE 

2,260 

3,895 

2,260 

3,895 

6,155 

133 

2010 

Coolidge, AZ 

IMAGINE DISCOVERY 

590 

7,117 

590 

7,117 

7,707 

242 

2010 

Baltimore, MD 

-169-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

IMAGINE FIRESTONE 

680 

6,439 

680 

6,439 

7,119 

219 

2010 

Firestone, CO 

IMAGINE HOPE LAMOND 

775 

9,706 

775 

9,706 

10,481 

329 

2010 

Washington, DC 

IMAGINE INDIGO RANCH 

1,150 

7,304 

1,150 

7,304 

8,454 

248 

2010 

Colorado Springs, CO 

IMAGINE TOWN CENTER 

1,175 

7,309 

1,175 

7,309 

8,484 

248 

2010 

Palm Coast, FL 

INDUSTRIAL DRIVE 

3,709 

200 

6,812 

200 

6,812 

7,012 

993 

2007 

Horican, WI 

KINSTON 

8,930 

460 

14,837 

460 

14,837 

15,297 

1,859 

2006 

Kinston, NC 

KIRK ROAD 

7,863 

2,200 

11,413 

42 

2,200 

11,455 

13,655 

1,748 

2007 

St. Charles, IL 

LIBERTYVILLE ASSOCIATES 

14,807 

3,600 

20,563 

3,600 

20,563 

24,163 

2,818 

2005 

Libertyville, IL 

McKESSON DISTRIBUTION CENTER 

5,760 

345 

8,952 

345 

8,952 

9,297 

1,695 

2007 

Conroe, TX 

MOUNT ZION ROAD 

24,632 

2,570 

41,667 

2,570 

41,667 

44,237 

5,711 

2007 

Lebanon, IN 

OTTAWA 

1,768 

200 

2,905 

200 

2,905 

3,105 

426 

2007 

Ottawa, IL 

SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 

11,000 

2,150 

14,720 

2,150 

14,720 

16,870 

1,975 

2007 

Loves Park, IL 

SOUTHWIDE INDUSTRIAL CENTER #5 

392 

122 

425 

122 

425 

547 

58 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

SOUTHWIDE INDUSTRIAL CENTER #6 

1,007 

248 

1,361 

248 

1,361 

1,609 

187 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

SOUTHWIDE INDUSTRIAL CENTER #7 

2,014 

483 

2,792 

6 

483 

2,798 

3,281 

385 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

SOUTHWIDE INDUSTRIAL CENTER #8 

196 

42 

286 

42 

286 

328 

39 

2007 

Memphis, TN 

-170-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

STONE FORT DISTRIB CENTER #1 

6,770 

1,910 

9,264 

(52) 

1,910 

9,212 

11,122 

1,268 

2007 

Chattanooga, TN 

STONE FORT DISTRIB CENTER #4 

1,399 

490 

1,782 

490 

1,782 

2,272 

245 

2006 

Chattanooga, TN 

THERMO PROCESS SYSTEMS 

8,201 

1,202 

11,995 

1,202 

11,995 

13,197 

2,162 

2007 

Sugar Land, TX 

TRI-STATE HOLDINGS I 

4,665 

4,700 

3,973 

4,700 

3,973 

8,673 

570 

2007 

Wood Dale, IL 

TRI-STATE HOLDINGS II 

6,372 

1,630 

11,252 

1,630 

11,252 

12,882 

1,542 

2007 

Houston, TX 

TRI-STATE HOLDINGS III 

4,334 

650 

8,083 

650 

8,083 

8,733 

1,108 

2007 

Mosinee, WI 

UNION VENTURE 

35,451 

4,600 

54,292 

4,600 

54,292 

58,892 

6,021 

2007 

West Chester, OH 

UPS E-LOGISTICS 

9,248 

950 

18,453 

950 

18,453 

19,403 

2,152 

2006 

Elizabethtown, KY 

WESTPORT - MECHANICSBURG 

4,029 

1,300 

6,185 

486 

1,300 

6,671 

7,971 

967 

2006 

Mechanicsburg, PA 

Lodging 

ALOFT CHAPEL HILL 

6,484 

16,478 

6,484 

16,478 

22,962 

545 

2010 

Chapel Hill, NC 

COMFORT INN - CROSS CREEK 

571 

8,789 

3,887 

571 

12,676 

13,248 

2,196 

2007 

Fayetteville, NC 

COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT QUORUM 

18,860 

4,000 

26,141 

1,931 

4,000 

28,073 

32,073 

4,131 

2007 

Addison, TX 

COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 

12,146 

4,989 

18,988 

2,996 

4,989 

21,984 

26,973 

3,584 

2007 

Ann Arbor, MI 

COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT DUNN LORING-FAIRFAX 

30,810 

12,100 

40,242 

823 

12,100 

41,065 

53,165 

7,301 

2007 

Vienna, VA 

COURTYARD - DOWNTOWN AT UAB 

6,378 

20,810 

828 

21,638 

21,638 

3,927 

2008 

Birmingham, AL 

-171-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

COURTYARD - FORT MEADE AT NBP 

14,400 

1,611 

22,622 

832 

1,611 

23,454 

25,065 

3,868 

2008 

Annapolis Junction, MD 

COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - WEST LANDS END 

7,550 

1,500 

13,416 

913 

1,500 

14,328 

15,828 

2,346 

2007 

Fort Worth, TX 

COURTYARD - FT WORTH 

14,613 

774 

45,820 

696 

774 

46,516 

47,290 

7,861 

2008 

Fort Worth, TX 

COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 

6,790 

1,600 

13,247 

2,865 

1,600 

16,112 

17,712 

2,779 

2007 

Harlingen, TX 

COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - NORTHWEST 

7,216 

1,428 

15,085 

1,331 

1,428 

16,415 

17,843 

2,888 

2007 

Houston, TX 

COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - WESTCHASE 

16,680 

4,400 

22,626 

1,616 

4,400 

24,242 

28,642 

3,691 

2007 

Houston, TX 

COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT WEST UNIVERSITY 

10,980 

2,200 

16,408 

1,027 

2,200 

17,435 

19,635 

2,730 

2007 

Houston, TX 

COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - COUNTRY CLUB PLAZA 

9,089 

3,426 

16,349 

437 

3,426 

16,786 

20,211 

3,571 

2007 

Kansas City, MO 

COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 

10,320 

3,200 

19,009 

2,236 

3,200 

21,245 

24,445 

3,404 

2007 

Lebanon, NJ 

COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 

5,272 

12,778 

1,905 

5,272 

14,683 

19,955 

2,810 

2007 

Houston, TX 

COURTYARD - NEWARK ELIZABETH 

9,737 

35,177 

2,346 

37,524 

37,524 

6,403 

2008 

Elizabeth, NJ 

COURTYARD - PITTSBURGH DOWNTOWN 

17,316 

2,700 

33,086 

2,700 

33,086 

35,786 

688 

2010 

Pittsburgh, PA 

COURTYARD - PITTSBURGH WEST HOME 

8,405 

1,500 

14,364 

1,500 

14,364 

15,864 

311 

2010 

Pittsburgh, PA 

-172-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

COURTYARD - RICHMOND 

11,800 

2,173 

19,476 

2,173 

19,476 

21,649 

3,067 

2007 

Richmond, VA 

COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - ROANOKE AIRPORT 

14,556 

3,311 

22,242 

2,262 

3,311 

24,504 

27,815 

3,707 

2007 

Roanoke, VA 

COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT SEATTLE - FEDERAL WAY 

22,830 

7,700 

27,167 

1,392 

7,700 

28,558 

36,258 

4,145 

2007 

Federal Way, WA 

COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT CHICAGO- ST.CHARLES 

1,685 

9,355 

1,602 

1,685 

10,956 

12,642 

1,669 

2007 

St. Charles, IL 

COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - WILLIAM CENTER 

16,030 

4,000 

20,942 

3,150 

4,000 

24,092 

28,092 

3,913 

2007 

Tucson, AZ 

COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 

2,397 

18,560 

2,802 

2,397 

21,362 

23,760 

3,225 

2007 

Wilmington, NC 

COURTYARD - WEST PALM AIRPORT 

6,094 

1,900 

8,703 

1,900 

8,703 

10,603 

197 

2010 

Palm Coast, FL 

DOUBLETREE - ATLANTA GALLERIA 

6,116 

1,082 

20,397 

1,584 

1,082 

21,981 

23,063 

3,884 

2008 

Alpharetta, GA 

DOUBLETREE - WASHINGTON DC 

26,398 

25,857 

56,964 

2,820 

25,857 

59,783 

85,640 

8,847 

2008 

Washington, DC 

EMBASSY SUITES - BEACHWOOD 

14,448 

1,732 

42,672 

(30,440) 

1,732 

12,232 

13,964 

2008 

Beachwood, OH 

EMBASSY SUITES - BALTIMORE 

12,661 

2,429 

38,927 

4,079 

2,429 

43,006 

45,436 

7,473 

2008 

Hunt Valley, MD 

FAIRFIELD INN 

1,981 

6,353 

445 

1,981 

6,799 

8,780 

1,466 

2007 

Ann Arbor, MI 

HAMPTON INN SUITES - DENVER 

7,216 

6,144 

26,472 

332 

6,144 

26,803 

32,947 

4,591 

2008 

Colorado Springs, CO 

HAMPTON INN ATLANTA - PERIMETER CENTER 

8,395 

2,768 

14,072 

2,037 

2,768 

16,109 

18,877 

2,425 

2007 

Atlanta, GA 

-173-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

HAMPTON INN BALTIMORE-INNER HARBOR 

13,700 

1,700 

21,067 

939 

1,700 

22,006 

23,706 

3,245 

2007 

Baltimore, MD 

HAMPTON INN RALEIGH-CARY 

7,024 

2,268 

10,503 

2,004 

2,268 

12,507 

14,775 

2,050 

2007 

Cary, NC 

HAMPTON INN UNIVERSITY PLACE 

7,714 

3,509 

11,335 

1,688 

3,509 

13,023 

16,532 

2,152 

2007 

Charlotte, NC 

HAMPTON INN SUITES DULUTH-GWINNETT 

9,523 

488 

12,991 

2,010 

488 

15,001 

15,488 

2,426 

2007 

Duluth, GA 

HAMPTON INN WHITE PLAINS-TARRYTOWN 

15,541 

3,200 

26,160 

4,570 

3,200 

30,730 

33,930 

4,406 

2007 

Elmsford, NY 

HAMPTON INN 

2,753 

3,782 

1,897 

2,753 

5,680 

8,432 

949 

2007 

Jacksonville, NC 

HGI - BOSTON BURLINGTON 

5,871 

4,095 

25,556 

738 

4,095 

26,293 

30,388 

4,401 

2008 

Burlington, MA 

HGI - COLORADO SPRINGS 

8,402 

1,400 

17,522 

2,223 

1,400 

19,745 

21,145 

2,928 

2008 

Colorado Springs, CO 

HGI - SAN ANTONIO AIRPORT 

6,085 

1,498 

19,484 

220 

1,498 

19,703 

21,201 

3,411 

2008 

San Antonio, TX 

HGI - WASHINGTON DC 

60,730 

18,800 

64,359 

845 

18,800 

65,204 

84,004 

10,911 

2008 

Washington, DC 

HILTON GARDEN INN TAMPA YBOR 

9,460 

2,400 

16,159 

715 

2,400 

16,874 

19,274 

2,646 

2007 

Tampa, FL 

HILTON GARDEN INN - AKRON 

6,774 

900 

11,556 

(415) 

900 

11,141 

12,041 

2,060 

2007 

Akron, OH 

HILTON GARDEN INN ALBANY AIRPORT 

12,050 

1,645 

20,263 

3,923 

1,645 

24,186 

25,831 

3,668 

2007 

Albany, NY 

HILTON GARDEN INN ATLANTA WINWARD 

10,435 

1,030 

18,206 

1,231 

1,030 

19,436 

20,467 

2,884 

2007 

Alpharetta, GA 

-174-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

HILTON GARDEN INN 

19,799 

2,920 

27,995 

1,731 

2,920 

29,726 

32,646 

4,463 

2007 

Evanston, IL 

HILTON GARDEN INN RALEIGH - DURHAM 

7,846 

2,754 

26,050 

4,298 

2,754 

30,348 

33,102 

4,248 

2007 

Raleigh, NC 

HILTON GARDEN INN 

21,680 

8,900 

25,156 

2,376 

8,900 

27,532 

36,432 

4,179 

2007 

Westbury, NY 

HILTON GARDEN INN 

7,646 

6,354 

10,328 

114 

6,354 

10,443 

16,796 

2,448 

2007 

Wilmington, NC 

HILTON GARDEN INN HARTFORD NORTH 

10,317 

5,606 

13,892 

1,695 

5,606 

15,588 

21,193 

2,421 

2007 

Windsor, CT 

HILTON GARDEN INN PHOENIX 

5,114 

57,105 

535 

5,114 

57,640 

62,754 

8,723 

2008 

Phoenix, AZ 

HILTON - UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA 

27,775 

50,407 

5,380 

55,787 

55,787 

9,521 

2007 

Gainesville, FL 

HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS - CLEARWATER GATEWAY 

2,283 

6,202 

(2,791) 

2,283 

3,410 

5,693 

2007 

Clearwater, FL 

HOLIDAY INN HARMON MEADOW SECAUCUS 

23,291 

8,758 

32,049 

32,049 

4,675 

2007 

Secaucus, NJ 

HOMEWOOD - HOUSTON GALLERIA 

9,415 

1,655 

30,587 

185 

1,655 

30,772 

32,426 

5,972 

2008 

Houston, TX 

HOMEWOOD SUITES 

10,160 

2,400 

18,071 

2,701 

2,400 

20,772 

23,172 

3,822 

2007 

Albuquerque, NM 

HOMEWOOD SUITES 

12,930 

4,300 

15,629 

2,508 

4,300 

18,138 

22,438 

3,273 

2007 

Baton Rouge, LA 

HOMEWOOD SUITES 

12,664 

1,478 

19,404 

4,820 

1,478 

24,224 

25,702 

4,282 

2007 

Cary, NC 

HOMEWOOD SUITES HOUSTON - CLEARLAKE 

7,175 

1,235 

12,655 

2,597 

1,235 

15,253 

16,488 

2,386 

2007 

Houston, TX 

-175-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

HOMEWOOD SUITES 

7,898 

2,403 

10,441 

2,759 

2,403 

13,200 

15,603 

2,390 

2007 

Durham, NC 

HOMEWOOD SUITES 

9,836 

721 

9,592 

2,657 

721 

12,250 

12,971 

2,373 

2007 

Lake Mary, FL 

HOMEWOOD SUITES METRO CENTER 

6,289 

2,684 

9,740 

3,144 

2,684 

12,884 

15,568 

2,422 

2007 

Phoenix, AZ 

HOMEWOOD SUITES 

11,800 

3,203 

21,300 

343 

3,203 

21,643 

24,845 

4,186 

2007 

Princeton, NJ 

HOMEWOOD SUITES CRABTREE VALLEY 

12,785 

2,194 

21,292 

2,662 

2,194 

23,954 

26,148 

3,874 

2007 

Raleigh, NC 

HOMEWOOD SUITES CLEVELAND SOLON 

5,490 

1,900 

10,757 

1,671 

1,900 

12,428 

14,328 

2,273 

2007 

Solon, OH 

HOMEWOOD SUITES COLORADO SPRINGS NORTH 

7,830 

2,900 

14,011 

2,526 

2,900 

16,536 

19,436 

3,322 

2007 

Colorado Springs, CO 

HYATT REGENCY - OC 

18,688 

93,384 

24,351 

18,688 

117,735 

136,423 

12,164 

2008 

Orange County, CA 

HYATT - BOSTON/MEDFORD 

8,142 

2,766 

29,141 

197 

2,766 

29,338 

32,105 

5,582 

2008 

Medford, MA 

MARRIOTT - ATL CENTURY CENTER 

9,628 

36,571 

2,211 

38,782 

38,782 

8,173 

2008 

Atlanta, GA 

MARRIOTT - CHICAGO - MED DIST UIC 

7,896 

8,831 

17,911 

4,921 

8,831 

22,832 

31,664 

3,997 

2008 

Chicago, IL 

MARRIOTT - DALLAS 

26,127 

6,300 

45,158 

6,300 

45,158 

51,458 

585 

2010 

Dallas, TX 

Marriott - WOODLANDS WATERWAY 

70,000 

5,500 

98,886 

20,996 

5,500 

119,882 

125,382 

16,780 

2007 

Woodlands, TX 

MARRIOTT - WEST DES MOINES 

11,306 

3,410 

15,416 

3,410 

15,416 

18,826 

327 

2010 

Des Moines, IA 

QUALITY SUITES 

10,283 

1,331 

13,709 

11,853 

1,331 

25,562 

26,893 

1,722 

2007 

Charleston, SC 

-176-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

RESIDENCE INN - BALTIMORE 

40,040 

55,410 

2,941 

58,352 

58,352 

9,278 

2008 

Baltimore, MD 

RESIDENCE INN 

6,900 

1,700 

12,629 

906 

1,700 

13,535 

15,235 

2,189 

2007 

Brownsville, TX 

RESIDENCE INN - CAMBRIDGE 

26,726 

10,346 

72,735 

631 

10,346 

73,366 

83,712 

11,341 

2008 

Cambridge, MA 

RESIDENCE INN SOUTH BRUNSWICK-CRANBURY 

10,000 

5,100 

15,368 

2,187 

5,100 

17,555 

22,655 

3,014 

2007 

Cranbury, NJ 

RESIDENCE INN CYPRESS - LOS ALAMITS 

20,650 

9,200 

25,079 

3,152 

9,200 

28,231 

37,431 

4,831 

2007 

Cypress, CA 

RESIDENCE INN DFW AIRPORT NORTH 

9,560 

2,800 

14,782 

635 

2,800 

15,417 

18,217 

2,445 

2007 

Dallas-Fort Worth, TX 

RESIDENCE INN PARK CENTRAL 

8,970 

2,600 

17,322 

2,625 

2,600 

19,947 

22,547 

3,542 

2007 

Dallas , TX 

RESIDENCE INN SOMERSET-FRANKLIN 

9,890 

3,100 

14,322 

1,945 

3,100 

16,267 

19,367 

2,770 

2007 

Franklin , NJ 

RESIDENCE INN 

10,810 

5,300 

14,632 

2,176 

5,300 

16,809 

22,109 

2,833 

2007 

Hauppauge, NY 

RESIDENCE INN WESTCHASE 

12,550 

4,300 

16,969 

710 

4,300 

17,679 

21,979 

2,809 

2007 

Westchase, TX 

RESIDENCE INN WEST UNIVERSITY 

13,100 

3,800 

18,834 

467 

3,800 

19,300 

23,100 

3,151 

2007 

Houston, TX 

RESIDENCE INN NASHVILLE AIRPORT 

12,120 

3,500 

14,147 

1,474 

3,500 

15,621 

19,121 

2,480 

2007 

Nashville, TN 

RESIDENCE INN 

7,500 

1,688 

10,812 

(7,485) 

1,688 

3,327 

5,015 

2007 

Phoenix, AZ 

RESIDENCE INN - POUGHKEEPSIE 

8,109 

1,003 

24,590 

305 

1,003 

24,895 

25,898 

4,343 

2008 

Poughkeepsie, NY 

RESIDENCE INN ROANOKE AIRPORT 

4,483 

500 

9,499 

126 

500 

9,624 

10,124 

1,813 

2007 

Roanoke, VA 

-177-

Initial Costs (A) 

Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

Encumbrance 

Land 

Buildings and Improvements 

Adjustments to Basis (C) 

Land and Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements (D) 

Total (D,E) 

RESIDENCE INN WILLIAMS CENTRE 

12,770 

3,700 

17,601 

464 

3,700 

18,065 

21,765 

3,009 

2007 

Tucson, AZ 

RESIDENCE INN - NEWARK ELIZABETH 

10,297 

41,096 

1,959 

43,055 

43,055 

7,562 

2008 

Elizabeth, NJ 

SPRINGHILL SUITES 

9,130 

3,200 

14,833 

173 

3,200 

15,006 

18,206 

2,332 

2007 

Danbury, CT 

TOWNEPLACE SUITES NORTHWEST 

7,082 

5,332 

8,301 

1,441 

5,332 

9,743 

15,075 

2,159 

2007 

Austin, TX 

TOWNEPLACE SUITES BIRMINGHAM-HOMEWOOD 

2,220 

7,307 

(3,574) 

2,220 

3,733 

5,952 

2007 

Birmingham, AL 

TOWNEPLACE SUITES NORTHWEST 

4,170 

2,065 

5,223 

1,031 

2,065 

6,254 

8,318 

1,515 

2007 

College Station, TX 

TOWNEPLACE SUITES NORTHWEST - CLEARLAKES 

1,257 

2,267 

9,037 

(6,358) 

2,267 

2,679 

4,946 

2007 

Houston, TX 

TOWNEPLACE SUITES NORTHWEST 

1,607 

11,644 

1,368 

1,607 

13,012 

14,619 

2,450 

2007 

Houston, TX 

TOTAL: 

5,462,124 

1,883,486 

7,993,827 

417,794 

1,883,486 

8,411,621 

10,295,107 

1,038,829 

-178-

INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III (continued) Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
 December 31, 2010 Notes: 

(A) 
 The initial cost to the Company represents the original purchase price of the property, including amounts incurred subsequent to acquisition which were contemplated at
the time the property was acquired. 

(B) 
 The aggregate cost of real estate owned at December 31, 2010 for Federal income tax purposes was approximately 10,216,739 (unaudited). 

(C) 
 Cost capitalized subsequent to acquisition includes payments under master lease agreements as well as additional tangible costs associated with investment properties,
including any earnout of tenant space. (D) Reconciliation of real estate owned: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Balance at January 1, 

9,551,426 

8,216,942 

6,167,090 

Acquisitions and capital improvements 

1,058,837 

1,378,465 

2,184,330 

Intangible assets 

(73,901) 

(81,052) 

(93,870) 
 
 Intangible liabilities 

10,916 

37,071 

5,968 

Sales 

(252,171) 

(46,576) 

Balance at December 31, 

10,295,107 

9,551,426 

8,216,942 

(E) 
 Reconciliation of accumulated depreciation: 

Balance at January 1, 

717,547 

406,235 

160,046 

Depreciation expense 

321,282 

311,312 

246,189 

Balance at December 31, 

1,038,829 

717,547 

406,235 

(F) 
 Depreciation is computed based upon the following estimated lives: 

Buildings and improvements 

5-30 years 

Tenant improvements 

Life of the lease 

Furniture, fixtures equipment 

5-10 years 
 
 -179-

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure Not applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures As required by Rule
13a-15(b) and Rule 15d-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer evaluated as of December 31, 2010,
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e). Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures, as of December 31, 2010, were effective for the purpose of ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in this report is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the
rules and forms of the Exchange Act and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and our principal financial officer as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated as of December 31, 2010, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on its evaluation, our management has concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2010. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the company s independent registered public
accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to permanent deferral of the Securities and
Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management s report in this annual report. Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2010 that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information None. 
 -180-

Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Directors The biographies of our directors are set forth below. All ages are stated as of
January 1, 2011. Robert D. Parks, 67 . Chairman of the board and director since October 2004. Mr. Parks has been a principal
of the Inland real estate organization since May 1968 and is currently chairman of IREIC, a position he has held since November 1984. Mr. Parks has been a director of Inland Investment Advisors, Inc. since June 1995, and also served as a
director of Inland Securities Corporation from August 1984 until June 2009. Mr. Parks served as a director of Inland Real Estate Corporation from 1994 to June 2008, and served as chairman of the board from May 1994 to May 2004 and president and
chief executive officer from 1994 to April 2008. He also served as a director and chairman of the board of Inland Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc. from its inception in September 1998 to March 2006, and as chief executive officer until December 2004,
and as the chairman of the board and a director of Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust from its inception in March 2003 to October 2010. Mr. Parks also has served as the chairman of the board and a director of Inland Diversified Real Estate
Trust, Inc. since its inception in June 2008. Mr. Parks is responsible for the ongoing administration of existing investment programs, corporate budgeting and administration for IREIC. He oversees and coordinates the marketing of all
investments and investor relations. He received his bachelor degree from Northeastern Illinois University, Chicago, Illinois, and his
master s degree from the University of Chicago and later taught in Chicago s public schools. He is a member of the Real Estate Investment Association, the Foundation for Financial Planning and the National Association of Real Estate
Investment Trusts, or NAREIT. With over forty years of experience in the commercial real estate industry, our board believes that
Mr. Parks has the depth of experience to implement our business strategy. As the current or past chairman of the board of each of the other real estate investment trusts, or REITs, sponsored by IREIC, including as the past chairman
of a New York Stock Exchange-listed REIT, our board believes Mr. Parks has an understanding of the requirements of serving on a public company board and the leadership experience necessary to serve as our chairman. 
 J. Michael Borden, 74 . Independent director since October 2004. Mr. Borden is president and chief executive officer of Rock Valley Trucking
Co., Inc., Total Quality Plastics, Inc., Rock Valley Leasing, Inc., Hufcor Inc. and Airwall, Inc. Mr. Borden also served as the president and chief executive officer of Freedom Plastics, Inc. through February 2009, at which time it filed a
voluntary petition for a court-supervised liquidation of all of its assets in the Circuit Court of Rock County, Wisconsin. Mr. Borden also is the chief executive officer of Hufcor Asia Pacific in China and Hong Kong, Marashumi Corp. in
Malaysia, Hufcor Australia Group, and F. P. Investments a Real Estate Investment Company. He currently serves on the board of directors of Dowco, Inc., M I Bank, Competitive Wisconsin, St. Anthony of Padua Charitable Trust and Great Lakes
Packaging, is a trustee of The Nature Conservancy and is a regent of the Milwaukee School of Engineering. Mr. Borden previously served as chairman of the board of the Wisconsin Workforce Development Board and as a member of the SBA Advisory
Council and the Federal Reserve Bank Advisory Council. He was named Wisconsin entrepreneur of the year in 1998. Mr. Borden received a bachelor degree in accounting and finance from Marquette University, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He also attended a
master of business administration program in finance at Marquette University. Over the past twenty-five years, Mr. Borden s various
businesses have routinely entered into real estate transactions in the ordinary course of business, allowing him to develop experience in acquiring, leasing, developing and redeveloping real estate assets. Our board believes that this experience
qualifies him to serve as a director on our board. 
 -181-

Thomas F. Glavin, 50 . Independent director since October 2007. Mr. Glavin is the owner of Thomas
F. Glavin Associates, Inc., a certified public accounting firm that he started in 1988. In that capacity, Mr. Glavin specializes in providing accounting and tax services to closely held companies. Mr. Glavin began his career at
Vavrus Associates, a real estate firm, located in Joliet, Illinois, that owned and managed apartment buildings and health clubs. At Vavrus Associates, Mr. Glavin was an internal auditor responsible for reviewing and
implementing internal controls. In 1984, Mr. Glavin began working in the tax department of Touche Ross Co., where he specialized in international taxation. In addition to his accounting experience, Mr. Glavin also has been
involved in the real estate business for the past seventeen years. Since 1997, Mr. Glavin has been a partner in Gateway Homes, which has zoned, developed and manages a 440 unit manufactured home park in Frankfort, Illinois. Mr. Glavin
received his bachelor degree in accounting from Michigan State University in East Lansing, Michigan and a master of science in taxation from DePaul University in Chicago, Illinois. Mr. Glavin is a member of the Illinois CPA Society and the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. As a result of his financial experience, including over twenty-seven years in the
accounting profession, our board believes that Mr. Glavin is able to provide valuable insight and advice with respect to our financial risk exposures, our financial reporting process and our system of internal controls. Mr. Glavin, who
currently serves as the chairman of the audit committee of our board, qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined by the SEC. Brenda G. Gujral, 68 . President and director since October 2004. Ms. Gujral also serves as chief executive officer and a director of IREIC. She served as president and a director of IREIC from
July 1987 through June 1992. She was again named president and a director of IREIC upon her return to IREIC in January 1998, and served as president until December 2010. Ms. Gujral was appointed chief executive officer of IREIC in January 2008.
She has been a director of Inland Securities Corporation since January 1997, and served as its president and chief operating officer from January 1997 to June 2009. Additionally, Ms. Gujral has served as a director of Inland Investment
Advisors, Inc. since January 2001 and has been a director of Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc. since its inception in March 2003, serving as its chief executive officer from June 2005 until November 2007. Ms. Gujral also has served
a director of Inland Diversified Real Estate Trust, Inc. since its inception in June 2008, and served as its president from June 2008 to May 2009. She has been the chairman of the board of Inland Private Capital Corporation (f/k/a Inland Real Estate
Exchange Corporation), or IPCC, since May 2001 and a director of Inland Opportunity Business Manager Advisor, Inc. since April 2009, and was a director of Inland Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc. from its inception in September
1998 until it was acquired in February 2007. Ms. Gujral has overall responsibility for the operations of IREIC, including investor
relations, regulatory compliance and filings, review of asset management activities and broker-dealer marketing and communication. Ms. Gujral works with internal and outside legal counsel in structuring IREIC s investment programs and in
connection with preparing offering documents and registering the related securities with the SEC and state securities commissions. Ms. Gujral was able to draw on this these experiences during our capital raising stage, and continues to do so.
Our board believes that this experience, coupled with her leadership of IREIC, uniquely qualify Ms. Gujral to serve as a member of our board. Ms. Gujral has been with the Inland organization for thirty years, becoming an officer in 1982. Prior to joining the Inland organization, she worked for the Land Use Planning Commission, establishing
an office in Portland, Oregon, to implement land use legislation for that state. Ms. Gujral graduated from California State University. She holds Series 7, 22, 39 and 63 certifications from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), and is a member of NAREIT, the Investment Program Association and the Real Estate Investment Securities Association. 
 Thomas F. Meagher, 80 . Independent director since October 2004. Mr. Meagher currently serves on the board of directors of DuPage Airport
Authority and the TWA Plan Oversight Committee. He also is a former member of the board of trustees of Edward Lowe Foundation, The Private Bank Corp. and the Chicago Chamber of 
 -182-

Commerce. Mr. Meagher has previously served on the board of directors of UNR Industries, Rohn Towers, Greyhound Lines Inc., Festival Airlines, Lakeside Bank and Trans World Airlines, where
he served as chairman of the board for two years and participated in the sale of the company to American Airlines. Mr. Meagher began his
business career in 1958 when he was selected by American Airlines for its management training program. He subsequently joined Continental Air Transport of Chicago as Executive Vice-President in 1964. In 1970, Mr. Meagher was appointed the first
president and chief executive officer of the Chicago Convention and Tourism Bureau, returning to Continental Air Transport as president and chief executive officer in 1972. In 1980, Mr. Meagher purchased Howell Tractor and Equipment Company, a
large heavy construction equipment dealership, and sold the company in April 2005. Mr. Meagher received his bachelor degree from St.
Mary s University of Minnesota. Upon graduation, he entered the U.S. Marine Corps Officer Candidate Program, serving with the 2nd Marine Air Wing and achieving the rank of Captain. Mr. Meagher also attended graduate business school at the
University of Chicago. As his biography demonstrates, Mr. Meagher has served on the boards of directors of numerous public and private
entities. Our board believes that this experience positions him well to serve on our board. Paula Saban, 57 . Independent director
since October 2004. Ms. Saban has worked in the financial services and banking industry for over twenty-five years. She began her career in 1978 with Continental Bank, which later merged into Bank of America. From 1978 to 1990, Ms. Saban
held various consultative sales roles in treasury management and in traditional lending areas. She also managed client service teams and developed numerous client satisfaction programs. In 1990, Ms. Saban began designing and implementing
various financial solutions for clients with Bank of America s Private Bank and Banc of America Investment Services, Inc. Her clients included top management of publicly-held companies and entrepreneurs. In addition to managing a diverse client
portfolio, she was responsible for client management and overall client satisfaction. She retired from Bank of America in 2006 as a senior vice president/private client manager. In 1994, Ms. Saban and her husband started a construction products
company, Newport Distribution, Inc., of which she is president and a principal stockholder. As president of Newport Distribution, Ms. Saban has insight into the development and construction industry, to which the Company has exposure as a
result of its investments in joint ventures. Ms. Saban is able to convey these insights to our board, thus making a valuable addition to our board. Ms. Saban received her bachelor degree from MacMurray College, Jacksonville, Illinois, and her master of business administration from DePaul University, Chicago, Illinois. She holds Series 7 and 63
certifications from FINRA. She is a former president of the Fairview Elementary School PTA and a former trustee of both the Goodman Theatre and Urban Gateways. She served as Legislative Chair of Illinois PTA District 37 and as liaison to the No
Child Left Behind Task Force of School District 54. William J. Wierzbicki, 64 . Independent director since October 2005.
Mr. Wierzbicki is a registered Professional Planner in the Province of Ontario, Canada, and is a member of both the Canadian Institute of Planners and the Ontario Professional Planners Institute. Mr. Wierzbicki is the sole proprietor of
 Planning Advisory Services, a land-use planning consulting service providing consultation and advice to various local governments, developers and individuals. Through Planning Advisory Services, Mr. Wierzbicki is the planner for the
Municipalities of Huron Shores and Price Township as well as the Town of Chapleau. Mr. Wierzbicki previously served as the Coordinator of Current Planning with the City of Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. In that capacity, his expertise was in the
review of residential, commercial and industrial development proposals. Mr. Wierzbicki led the program to develop a new Comprehensive Zoning By-Law for the City of Sault Ste. Marie. Mr. Wierzbicki was the leader of the team that developed
the Sault Ste. Marie s Industrial Development Strategy. More recently he has completed a Community Development Plan for Batchwana First Nation s Rankin site and an Official Plan for the Township of Prince. Mr. Wierzbicki received an
architectural technologist diploma from the Sault Ste. Marie Technical and Vocational School in Ontario, Canada, and attended Sault College and Algoma University. 
 -183-

Mr. Wierzbicki s extensive experience in the commercial real estate industry, including with real
estate developments, qualifies him to serve on our board. In addition, if we determine to acquire any real estate assets in Canada in the future, Mr. Wierzbicki s expertise in the Canadian real estate market will be useful to our board.
 Executive Officers In
addition to Mr. Parks and Ms. Gujral, whose biographies are set forth above, the following individuals serve as our executive officers. All ages are stated as of January 1, 2011. 
 Roberta S. Matlin, 66 . Vice president administration since October 2004. Ms. Matlin joined IREIC in 1984 as director of investor
administration and currently serves as a director and senior vice president of IREIC, in the latter capacity directing its day-to-day internal operations. Ms. Matlin also has been a director of IPCC since May 2001, a director of Inland
Institutional Capital Partners Corporation since May 2006 and a director of Pan American Bank since December 2007. She also has served as a director and president of Inland Investment Advisors, Inc. since June 1995 and Intervest Southern Real Estate
Corporation since July 1995 and a director and vice president of Inland Securities Corporation since July 1995. Ms. Matlin also has served as the president of our business manager since its inception in October 2004. She has served as vice
president of Inland Diversified Real Estate Trust, Inc. since June 2008, and served as vice president of administration of Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc. from 2003 until 2007, vice president of administration of Inland Retail Real
Estate Trust, Inc. from 1998 until 2004, vice president of administration of Inland Real Estate Corporation from 1995 until 2000 and trustee and executive vice president of Inland Mutual Fund Trust from 2001 until 2004. Prior to joining Inland,
Ms. Matlin worked for the Chicago Region of the Social Security Administration of the United States Department of Health and Human Services. Ms. Matlin is a graduate of the University of Illinois in Champaign. She holds Series 7, 22, 24,
39, 63 and 65 certifications from FINRA. Lori Foust, 46 . Treasurer since October 2005 and our principal financial officer since
September 2007. Ms. Foust also has served as the chief financial officer of our business manager since October 2005 and as a director and the treasurer of our consolidated joint venture Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. since January 2006.
Ms. Foust also served as the treasurer of Inland Diversified Real Estate Trust, Inc. from June 2008 to November 2009 and served as the principal accounting officer of Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc. from February 2004 to March
2006. Ms. Foust joined the Inland organization in 2003, in the capacity of vice president of Inland Western Retail Real Estate Advisory Services, Inc. Prior to joining the Inland organization, Ms. Foust worked in the field of public
accounting and was a senior manager in the real estate division for Ernst and Young, LLP. She received her bachelor of science degree in accounting and her master of business administration from the University of Central Florida. Ms. Foust is a
certified public accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Jack Potts, 41 . Principal
accounting officer since September 2007. Mr. Potts also has served as the chief accounting officer of our business manager since September 2007. Prior to joining the Inland organization, Mr. Potts held various positions with Equity Office
Properties Trust, Inc., in accounting and financial reporting. Prior to working at Equity Office, Mr. Potts worked in the field of public accounting and was a manager in the real estate division for Ernst and Young LLP. He received a bachelor
degree in accounting from the Michigan State University in East Lansing, Michigan. Mr. Potts is a certified public accountant. Scott
W. Wilton, 50. Secretary since October 2004. Mr. Wilton joined The Inland Group in January 1995. He is assistant vice president of The Inland Real Estate Group, Inc. and assistant counsel with The Inland Real Estate Group law department.
Mr. Wilton previously served as secretary of Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc. from March 2003 to November 2005, as secretary of IPCC from May 2001 to August 2009 and as secretary of Inland Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland
Retail Real Estate Advisory Services, Inc. from September 1998 to December 2004. Mr. Wilton is involved in all aspects of The Inland Group s business, including real estate acquisitions and financing, securities law and corporate
governance matters, leasing and tenant matters and 
 -184-

litigation management. He received bachelor degrees in economics and history from the University of Illinois, Champaign, in 1982 and his law degree from Loyola University, Chicago, Illinois, in
1985. Prior to joining The Inland Group, Mr. Wilton worked for the Chicago law firm of Williams, Rutstein, Goldfarb, Sibrava and Midura, Ltd., specializing in real estate, corporate transactions and litigation. 
 Audit Committee Our board has formed an
audit committee comprised of four independent directors, Messrs. Borden, Glavin, Meagher and Ms. Saban. The board has determined that Mr. Glavin, the chairman of the committee, qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, 
as defined by the SEC, and that each member of the committee is independent in accordance with the standards set forth in the committee s charter. The audit committee assists the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to:
(1) the integrity of our financial statements; (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (3) the qualifications and independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; (4) the adequacy of our
internal controls; and (5) the performance of our independent registered public accounting firm. The audit committee has adopted a written charter, which is available on our website at www.inland-american.com under the Corporate
Governance tab. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires each director, officer and individual beneficially owning more than 10 of our common stock to file
initial statements of beneficial ownership (Form 3) and statements of changes in beneficial ownership (Forms 4 and 5) of our common stock with the SEC. Officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC rules to furnish
us with copies of all such forms they file. Based solely on a review of the copies of such forms furnished to us during and with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010, or written representations that no additional forms were
required, we believe that all of our officers and directors and persons that beneficially own more than 10 of the outstanding shares of our common stock complied with these filing requirements in 2010. 
 Code of Ethics We have adopted a code
of ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees, which is available on our website free of charge at http://www.inlandamerican.com. We will provide the code of ethics free of charge upon request to our customer relations group.
 Item 11. Executive Compensation Compensation of Executive Officers All of our executive officers are officers and
employees, respectively, of one or more of the affiliates of our business manager and are compensated by those entities, in part, for services rendered to us. We do not separately compensate our executive officers, nor do we reimburse either our
business manager or our property managers for any compensation paid to their employees who also serve as our executive officers, other than through the general fees we pay to them under the business management agreement or the property management
agreements. As a result, we do not have, and our board of directors has not considered, a compensation policy or program for our executive officers and has not included in this Form 10-K a Compensation Discussion and Analysis or a report
from our board of directors with respect to executive compensation. The fees we pay to the business manager and property managers under the business management agreement or the property management agreements are described in more detail in
Item 13 of this Form 10-K. If we decide to pay our named executive officers in the future, the board of directors will review all forms
of compensation and approve all stock option grants, warrants, stock appreciation rights and other current or deferred compensation payable to the executive officers with respect to the current or future value of our shares. 
 -185-

Independent Director Compensation We pay each of our independent directors an annual fee of 30,000 plus 1,000 for each in-person meeting of the board and 500 for each meeting of the board attended by telephone. We also pay the
chairperson of the audit committee an annual fee of 10,000 plus 1,000 for our independent directors for each in-person meeting of the audit committee and 500 for each meeting of the audit committee attended by telephone, and the chairperson of
any other committee, including any special committee, an annual fee of 5,000. We pay our independent directors 500 for each meeting of any committee of the board attended by telephone. We reimburse all of our directors for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by them in attending meetings. In addition, on the date of each annual meeting of stockholders, we grant to each independent director then in office options to purchase 500 shares of our common stock under our independent director
stock option plan. We do not compensate any director that also is an employee of our Company, our business manager or its affiliates. The
following table further summarizes compensation earned by the independent directors for the year ended December 31, 2010. 

Fees Earned in Cash ) 

Option Awards )(1) 

Total ) 

J. Michael Borden 

45,000 

5,000 

50,000 

Thomas F. Glavin 

51,500 

5,000 

56,500 

David Mahon (2) 

54,500 

5,000 

59,500 

Thomas F. Meagher 

47,500 

5,000 

52,500 

Paula Saban 

51,500 

5,000 

56,500 

William J. Wierzbicki 

46,500 

5,000 

51,500 

Each director receives 500 shares at each annual stockholder meeting, with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our shares. 

(1) 
 With the exception of Mr. Glavin, each independent director had options to purchase 5,500 shares of our common stock outstanding at December 31, 2010.
Mr. Glavin had options to purchase 4,500 shares of our common stock outstanding at December 31, 2010. All options have been granted pursuant to our independent director stock option plan. 

(2) 
 Mr. Mahon resigned from the board, effective November 15, 2010. Stock Option Grants Under our independent director stock option plan, we have authorized
and reserved a total of 75,000 shares of our common stock for issuance. The number and type of shares that could be issued under the plan may be adjusted if we are the surviving entity after a reorganization or merger or if we split our stock, are
consolidated or are recapitalized. If this occurs, the exercise price of the options will be correspondingly adjusted. The independent
director stock option plan generally provides for the grant of non-qualified stock options to purchase 3,000 shares to each independent director upon his or her appointment subject to satisfying the conditions set forth in the plan. The plan also
provides for subsequent grants of options to purchase 500 shares on the date of each annual stockholder s meeting to each independent director then in office. The exercise price for all options is equal to the fair market value of our shares,
as defined in the plan, on the date of each grant. However, options may not be granted at any time when the grant, along with the grants to be made at the same time to other independent directors, would exceed 9.8 in value of our issued and
outstanding shares of stock or 9.8 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. One-third of the options granted following an individual initially becoming an independent director are exercisable beginning on the date of their grant, one-third become exercisable on the first
anniversary of the date of their grant and the remaining one-third become exercisable on the second anniversary of the date of their grant. All other options granted under the independent director stock option plan become fully exercisable on the
second anniversary of their date of grant. 
 -186-

Options granted under the independent director stock option plan are exercisable until the first to occur
of: the tenth anniversary of the date of grant; the removal for cause of the person as an independent director; or three months following the date the person ceases to be an independent director for any other reason except death or disability.
 All options generally are exercisable in the case of death or disability for a period of one year after death or the disabling event,
provided that the death or disabling event occurs while the person is an independent director. However, if the option is exercised within the first six months after it becomes exercisable, any shares issued pursuant to such exercise may not be sold
until the six month anniversary of the date of the grant of the option. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the independent director stock option plan to the contrary, no option issued pursuant thereto may be exercised if exercise would
jeopardize our status as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. No option may be sold, pledged, assigned or transferred
by an independent director in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution. Upon our dissolution, liquidation,
reorganization, merger or consolidation as a result of which we are not the surviving corporation, or upon sale of all or substantially all of our assets, the independent director stock option plan will terminate, and any outstanding unexercised
options will terminate and be forfeited. However, holders of options may exercise any options that are otherwise exercisable immediately prior to the dissolution, liquidation, consolidation or merger. Additionally, our board may provide for other
alternatives in the case of a dissolution, liquidation, consolidation or merger. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation None of our current or former officers or employees, or the current or former officers or employees of our subsidiaries,
participated in any deliberations of our board of directors concerning executive officer compensation during the year ended December 31, 2010. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2010, none of our executive officers served as a
director or a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our board of directors. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table provides information regarding
our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2010. 

Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding 
options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance
under equity compensation plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

Independent Director Stock Option Plan 

32,000 

9.05 

43,000 

Total: 

32,000 

9.05 

43,000 

We have adopted an Independent Director Stock Option Plan which, subject to certain conditions, provides for the grant to
each independent director of an option to purchase 3,000 shares following their becoming a director and for the grant of additional options to purchase 500 shares on the date of each annual stockholder s meeting. The options for the initial
3,000 shares are exercisable as follows: 1,000 shares on the date of grant and 1,000 shares on each of the first and second anniversaries of the date of grant. All other options are exercisable on the second anniversary of the date of grant.
 
 -187-

Stock Owned by Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 Based on a review of filings with the SEC, the following table shows the amount of common stock beneficially owned (unless otherwise indicated) by
(1) persons that beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock; (2) our directors and each nominee for director; (3) our executive officers; and (4) our directors and executive officers as a group.
All information is as of March 1, 2011. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Amount and Nature 
 of Beneficial 
 Ownership (2) 
 
 Percent of Class 
 
 J. Michael Borden, Independent Director 

136,281 
 (3) 

Thomas F. Glavin, Independent Director 

23,384 
 (4) 

Brenda G. Gujral, Director and President 

8,126 
 (5) 

Thomas F. Meagher, Independent Director 

17,442 
 (6) 

Robert D. Parks, Director and Chairman of the Board 

508,522 
 (7) 

Paula Saban, Independent Director 

4,500 
 (8) 

William J. Wierzbicki, Independent Director 

5,806 
 (9) 

Roberta S. Matlin, Vice President Administration 

3,091 
 (10) 

Lori J. Foust, Treasurer and Principal Financial Officer 

3,500 
 (11) 

Jack Potts, Principal Accounting Officer 

Scott W. Wilton, Secretary 

3,928 
 (12) 

All Directors and Officers as a group (eleven persons) 

714,580 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 The business address of each person listed in the table is c/o Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., 2901 Butterfield Road, Oak Brook, Illinois 60523.

(2) 
 All fractional ownership amounts have been rounded to the nearest whole number. 

(3) 
 Mr. Borden has sole voting and dispositive power over 130,857 shares, including 75,347 shares owned by St. Anthony Padua Charitable Trust, for which
Mr. Borden is the trustee, and Mr. Borden and his wife share voting and dispositive power over 5,424 shares. Mr. Borden s shares include vested options exercisable into 4,500 shares of common stock. 

(4) 
 Mr. Glavin and his wife share voting and dispositive power over 19,884 shares. Mr. Glavin s shares include vested options exercisable into 3,500 shares
of common stock. 

(5) 
 Ms. Gujral has sole voting and dispositive power over 2,921 shares. Ms. Gujral and her husband share voting and dispositive power over 5,205 shares.

(6) 
 Mr. Meagher has sole voting and dispositive power over all of the shares that he owns. Mr. Meagher s shares include vested options exercisable into 4,500
shares of common stock. 

(7) 
 Mr. Parks has sole voting and dispositive power over all 508,522 shares, which include 26,316 shares owned by Mr. Parks mother in the Evelyn G. Parks
Survivors Trust and 27,286 shares in the Parks Family Trust, for which Mr. Parks is the trustee. 

(8) 
 Ms. Saban has sole voting and dispositive power over all of the shares that she owns. Ms. Saban s ownership is comprised of vested options exercisable
into 4,500 shares of common stock. 

(9) 
 Mr. Wierzbicki and his wife share voting and dispositive power over 1,306 shares. Mr. Wierzbicki s shares include vested options exercisable into 4,500
shares of common stock. 

(10) 
 Ms. Matlin has sole voting and dispositive power over all of the shares that she owns. 

(11) 
 Ms. Foust has sole voting and dispositive power over all of the shares that she owns. 

(12) 
 Mr. Wilton and his wife share voting and dispositive power over all 3,928 shares, which include 677 shares owned by Mr. Wilton s spouse through her
individual IRA. 
 -188-

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. Director Independence Our business is managed under the direction and oversight of our board. The members of our board are J. Michael Borden, Thomas F. Glavin, Brenda G. Gujral, Thomas F. Meagher, Robert D. Parks, Paula Saban
and William J. Wierzbicki. As required by our charter, a majority of our directors must be independent . As defined by our charter, an independent director is a person who: (1) is not directly or indirectly associated,
and has not been directly or indirectly associated within the two years prior to becoming an independent director, with the Company, IREIC or our business manager whether by ownership of, ownership interest in, employment by, any material business
or professional relationship with or as an officer or director of the Company, IREIC, our business manager or any of their affiliates; (2) does not serve as a director for another REIT sponsored by IREIC or advised by our business manager or
any of its affiliates; and (3) performs no other services for the Company, except as director. Although our shares are not listed for
trading on any national securities exchange and therefore our board of directors is not subject to the independence requirements of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE or any other national securities exchange, our board has evaluated
whether our directors are independent as defined by the NYSE. The NYSE standards provide that to qualify as an independent director, in addition to satisfying certain bright-line criteria, the board of directors must affirmatively
determine that a director has no material relationship with the Company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company). Consistent with these considerations, after a review of all relevant transactions or relationships between each director, or any of his or her family members, and the Company, our management and our
independent registered public accounting firm, the board has determined that Messrs. Borden, Glavin, Meagher and Wierzbicki and Ms. Saban qualify as independent directors. Related Party Transactions We pay our business manager, an affiliate of our sponsor, and
its affiliates various fees and compensation. The following is a summary of the fees and compensation we paid to our business manager and its affiliates since January 1, 2010. After our stockholders have received a non-cumulative, non-compounded return of 5.0 per annum on their invested capital, we pay our business manager an annual business management fee of
up to 1 of the average invested assets, payable quarterly in an amount equal to 0.25 of the average invested assets as of the last day of the immediately preceding quarter. For these purposes, average invested assets means,
for any period, the average of the aggregate book value of our assets, including lease intangibles, invested, directly or indirectly, in financial instruments, debt and equity securities and equity interests in and loans secured by real estate
assets, including amounts invested in REITs and other real estate operating companies, before reserves for depreciation or bad debts or other similar non-cash reserves, computed by taking the average of these values at the end of each month during
the period. We pay this fee for services provided or arranged by our business manager, such as managing our day-to-day business operations, arranging for the ancillary services provided by other affiliates and overseeing these services,
administering our bookkeeping and accounting functions, consulting with our board, overseeing our real estate assets and providing other services as our board deems appropriate. Since January 1, 2010, we have incurred a business management fee
in an amount equal to 36 million, or approximately .32 of our average invested assets on an annual basis, of which 10 million remained unpaid as of March 1, 2011. We pay Inland Investment Advisors, Inc. an annual fee, paid on a monthly basis, totaling 1 of the first 1 to 5 million of marketable securities under management, 0.85 of marketable securities from 5
to 10 million, 0.75 of marketable securities from 10 to 25 million, 0.65 of marketable securities from 25 to 50 million, 0.60 of marketable securities from 50 to 100 million and 0.50 of marketable securities above 100 million.
 
 -189-

Notwithstanding the above, the total annual fees paid to Inland Investment Advisors plus the annual business management fee paid to our business manager may not exceed the amounts we may pay as
the annual business management fee. Since January 1, 2010, we have paid fees equal to approximately 1.4 million. We also reimburse our
business manager or its affiliates for all expenses that it, or any affiliate, including Inland Securities, pays or incurs on our behalf, including the salaries and benefits of persons employed by the business manager or its affiliates and
performing services for us, except for the salaries and benefits of persons who also serve as one of the executive officers or as an executive officer of the business manager. Since January 1, 2010, we have incurred approximately 8.2 million
of these costs. In addition, for any year in which we qualify as a REIT, our business manager must reimburse us for the amounts, if any, by which the total operating expenses paid during the previous year exceed the greater of 2 of the average
invested assets for that year or 25 of net income for that year, subject to certain adjustments. Our total operating expenses did not exceed these limits during the year ended December 31, 2010. 
 Additionally, we pay the business manager a fee for services performed in connection with acquiring a controlling interest in a REIT or other real estate
operating company. Acquisition fees, however, are not paid for acquisitions solely of a fee interest in property. The amount of the acquisition fee is equal to 2.5 of the aggregate purchase price paid to acquire the controlling interest. We have
not paid any acquisition fees since January 1, 2010. We pay our property managers, entities owned principally by individuals who are
employed by or affiliated with our business manager, a monthly fee equal to up to 4.5 of the gross income of each property managed directly by the property managers, their affiliates or agents. We also pay our property managers, based on the type
of property managed, a monthly oversight fee of up to 1 of the gross income from each property managed directly by entities other than our property managers, their affiliates or agents. We do not pay any oversight fees with respect to our lodging
properties. We have paid our property managers management fees of approximately 30.8 million since January 1, 2010. We have not paid any oversight fees since January 1, 2010. We also reimbursed the property managers 4.4 million related
to property level payroll costs. We pay Inland Mortgage Servicing Corporation, an affiliate of our business manager, 200 per loan per month
for servicing our loans and 225 per loan per month in respect of any loans related to our lodging properties. Since January 1, 2010, we have paid loan servicing fees totaling approximately 586 thousand. We also pay Inland Mortgage Brokerage
Corporation, another affiliate of our business manager, a fee equal to 0.2 of the principal amount of each loan placed for us. Since January 1, 2010, we have paid Inland Mortgage Brokerage Corporation fees totaling approximately 845 thousand.
 As of December 31, 2010, we had deposited 370 thousand in Inland Bank and Trust, a subsidiary of Inland Bancorp, Inc., an affiliate of
The Inland Real Estate Group, Inc. The Company is party to an agreement with an LLC formed as an insurance association captive (the
 Captive ), which is wholly-owned by the Company and three related parties, Inland Real Estate Corporation (IRC), Inland Western Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland Diversified Real Estate Trust, Inc.. The Company paid insurance premiums of
 9.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2010. The Company held 843,200 shares of IRC valued 7.4 million as of December 31,
2010. Policies and Procedures with Respect to Related Party Transactions Our charter contains provisions setting forth our ability to engage in certain related party transactions. Our board reviews all of these transactions and, as a general rule, any related party
transactions must be approved by a majority of the directors, including a majority of the independent directors, not otherwise interested in the 
 -190-

transaction. In determining whether to approve or authorize a particular related party transaction, these directors will consider whether the transaction between us and the related party is fair
and reasonable to us and has terms and conditions no less favorable to us than those available from unaffiliated third parties. We believe that our general policies and procedures regarding related party transactions also are evidenced by the
disclosures in this Form 10-K and our prior proxy statements under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. We may in the future adopt more specific written policies and procedures regarding related party transactions.
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Fees to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The following table presents fees for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLC KPMG ), for the audit of our annual financial statements for
the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, together with fees for audit-related services and tax services rendered by KPMG for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

Year ended December 31, 

Description 
 
 2010 

2009 

Audit fees (1) 

1,282,500 

1,308,000 

Audit-related fees (2) 

13,000 

Tax fees (3) 

248,768 

454,883 

All other fees (4) 

99,500 

TOTAL 

1,630,768 

1,775,883 

(1) 
 Audit fees consist principally of fees paid for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and review of our consolidated financial statements included
in our quarterly reports. 

(2) 
 Audit-related fees are fees paid for professional services performed in connection with the review of our consolidated financial statements that were included in the
registration statement, as amended, for the public offering of our common stock and the review of pro forma financial statements for property acquisitions. 

(3) 
 Tax fees are comprised of tax compliance fees. 

(4) 
 Other fees relate to due diligence assistance services provided in connection with a potential investment in a joint venture. 
 Approval of Services and Fees Our audit
committee has reviewed and approved all of the fees charged by KPMG, and actively monitors the relationship between audit and non-audit services provided by KPMG. The audit committee concluded that all services rendered by KPMG during the years
ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively, were consistent with maintaining KPMG s independence. Accordingly, the audit committee has approved all of the services provided by KPMG. As a matter of policy, the Company will not engage
its primary independent registered public accounting firm for non-audit services other than audit-related services, as defined by the SEC, certain tax services and other permissible non-audit services as specifically approved by the
chairperson of the audit committee and presented to the full committee at its next regular meeting. The policy also includes limits on hiring partners of, and other professionals employed by, KPMG to ensure that the SEC s auditor independence
rules are satisfied. Under the policy, the audit committee must pre-approve any engagements to render services provided by the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm and the fees charged for these services including an annual review of audit fees, audit-related fees, tax fees and other fees with specific dollar value limits for each category of service. During the
year, the audit committee will periodically monitor the levels of fees charged by KPMG and compare these fees to the amounts previously approved. The audit committee also will consider on a case-by-case basis and, if appropriate, approve specific
engagements that are not otherwise pre-approved. Any proposed engagement that does not fit within the definition of a pre-approved service may be presented to the chairperson of the audit committee for approval. 
 -191-

Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 List of documents filed: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Report 
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The 
 consolidated financial statements of the Company are set forth in the report in Item 8. 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

Financial 
 statement schedule for the year ended December 31, 2009 is submitted herewith. 

Real 
 Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III) 

(3) 
 Exhibits: 

The 
 list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report is set forth on the Exhibit Index attached hereto. 

(b) 
 Exhibits: The exhibits filed in response to
Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed on the Exhibit Index attached hereto. 

(c) 
 Financial Statement Schedules All schedules
other than those indicated in the index have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 -192-

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 

/s/ Brenda G.
Gujral 
 
 By: 
 
 Brenda G. Gujral 

President and Director 
 
 Date: 
 
 March 11, 2011 Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

By: 
 
 /s/ Robert D.
Parks Robert D. Parks 
 
 Director and chairman of the board 
 
 March 11, 2011 
 
 Name: 

By: 
 
 /s/ Brenda G.
Gujral Brenda G. Gujral 
 
 Director and president (principal executive officer) 
 
 March 11, 2011 
 
 Name: 

By: 
 
 /s/ Lori J.
Foust Lori J. Foust 
 
 Treasurer and principal financial officer 
 
 March 11, 2011 
 
 Name: 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jack
Potts Jack Potts 
 
 Principal accounting officer 
 
 March 11, 2011 
 
 Name: 

By: 
 
 /s/ J. Michael
Borden J. Michael Borden 
 
 Director 
 
 March 11, 2011 
 
 Name: 

By: 
 
 /s/ Thomas F.
Meagher Thomas F. Meagher 
 
 Director 
 
 March 11, 2011 
 
 Name: 

By: 
 
 /s/ Paula
Saban Paula Saban 
 
 Director 
 
 March 11, 2011 
 
 Name: 

By: 
 
 /s/ William J.
Wierzbicki William J. Wierzbicki 
 
 Director 
 
 March 11, 2011 
 
 Name: 

By: 
 
 /s/ Thomas F.
Glavin Thomas F. Glavin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 11, 2011 
 
 Name: 

-193-

EXHIBIT INDEX 

EXHIBIT NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION 

3.1 
 
 Sixth Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by
the Registrant with the SEC on August 26, 2010) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., effective as of April 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as
filed by the Registrant with the SEC on April 1, 2008), as amended by the Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., effective as of January 20, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the
Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on January 23, 2009) 

4.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the
SEC on September 23, 2010) 

4.2 
 
 Share Repurchase Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on
December 20, 2006 (file number 333-139504)) 

4.4 
 
 Statement regarding restrictions on transferability of shares of common stock (to appear on stock certificate or to be sent upon request and without charge to stockholders issued
shares without certificates) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on July 31, 2007 (file number
333-139504)) 

10.1 
 
 First Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2007, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Business Manager
 Advisor, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on August 3, 2009) 

10.2.1 
 
 Master Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Retail Management LLC (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.2.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 7, 2005), as amended by the First Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated September 10, 2008 (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 16, 2008) and the Second Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated December 30, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on January 4, 2011) 

10.2.2 
 
 Master Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Apartment Management LLC (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.2.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 7, 2005), as amended by the First Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated September 10, 2008 (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 16, 2008) and the Second Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated December 30, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on January 4, 2011) 
 -194-

10.2.3 
 
 Master Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Industrial Management LLC
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 7, 2005), as amended by the First Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated September 10, 2008
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 16, 2008) and the Second Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated December 30, 2010 (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on January 4, 2011) 

10.2.4 
 
 Master Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Office Management LLC (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.2.4 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 7, 2005), as amended by the First Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated September 10, 2008 (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 16, 2008) and the Second Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated December 30, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on January 4, 2011) 

10.3 
 
 First Amended and Restated Property Acquisition Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2007, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Real Estate
Acquisitions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3.1 to the Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on July 31, 2007 (file number
333-139504)) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (previously filed and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Amendment No. 4 to Form S-11
Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on August 18, 2005 (file number 333-122743)) 

10.5 
 
 Securities Purchase And Subscription Agreement among Minto Builders (Florida), Inc., Minto (Delaware), LLC, Minto Holdings Inc. and Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc.
dated as of October 11, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 17, 2005) 

10.6 
 
 Put/Call Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2005, by and among Minto Builders (Florida), Inc., Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., Minto Holdings Inc. and
Holders of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock as Listed on Schedule A Thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 17,
2005) 

10.7 
 
 Shareholders Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2005, by and among Minto Builders (Florida), Inc., Minto Holdings Inc., Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and
Holders of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock as Listed on Schedule A Thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 17,
2005) 

10.8 
 
 Supplemental Shareholders Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2005 by and among Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Holders of Common Stock and Series A
Preferred Stock as Listed on Schedule A Thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 17, 2005) 

10.9 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2008, by Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. in favor of and for the benefit of Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.177 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on June 13, 2008) 
 -195-

10.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Independent Director Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with
the SEC on July 26, 2010) 

10.11 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 2, 2007, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., Winston Hotels, Inc., Winn Limited Partnership and Inland American
Acquisition (Winston), LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on April 6, 2007) 

10.12 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 25, 2007, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., Apple Hospitality Five, Inc. and Inland American Orchard Hotels,
Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on July 27, 2007) 

10.13 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 12, 2007, by and among Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., RLJ Urban Lodging Master, LLC, RLJ Urban Lodging REIT, LLC and RLJ
Urban Lodging REIT (PF#1), LLC, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on January 25, 2008) 

10.14 
 
 Articles of Association of Oak Real Estate Association by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc. and
Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.139 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on November 7, 2006) 

10.15 
 
 Operating Agreement of Oak Property and Casualty L.L.C. by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust,
Inc. and Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc, dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.140 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on November 7,
2006) 

10.16 
 
 Oak Property and Casualty L.L.C. Membership Participation Agreement by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real
Estate Trust, Inc., Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., and Oak Property and Casualty L.L.C. dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.141 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the
Registrant with the SEC on November 7, 2006) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of KPMG LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Non-Retaliation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on
February 11, 2005 (file number 333-122743)) 
 -196-

99.2 
 
 Responsibilities of the Compliance Officer of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by
the Registrant with the SEC on February 11, 2005 (file number 333-122743)) 

99.3 
 
 First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K,
as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 17, 2005) 

99.4 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. with Respect to 3.5 Series A Cumulative Redeemable
Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 17, 2005) 

99.5 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K,
as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 17, 2005) 

99.6 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. with Respect to Convertible Special Voting Stock
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 17, 2005) 

99.7 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. with Respect to 125 Shares of 12.5 Series B
Cumulative Non-Voting Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 17, 2005) 

99.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Program, effective April 11, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with
the SEC on March 11, 2011) 

Filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 -197-

<EX-21.1>
 2
 dex211.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant The subsidiaries of the Registrant are as follows:

Entity 
 
 State of Organization 
 
 A-S 66 Beltway 8-Blackhawk, L.P. 
 
 Texas 
 
 A-S 68 HWY 288-Silver Lake, L.P. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Barclay Holding, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Barclay Hospitality Services, Inc. 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 Barclay Redwood Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Barclay Redwood Manager Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Chelsea Hotel Associates, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Chelsea Hotel Lessee L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Cityville at the Perimeter GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Cityville at the Perimeter, LP 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Cityville Block 121 Development, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Cityville Dallas Haskell GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Cityville Dallas Haskell Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Cityville Oak Park GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Cityville Oak Park II GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Cityville Oak Park II Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Cityville Oak Park Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Cityville Oak Park TRS GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Cityville Oak Park TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Cityville Partners, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Evanston Hotel Associates, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Anderson Central, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Boynton Beach Congress, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Branch Florida Portfolio, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Branch Portfolio, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Cartersville Bartow, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Duluth Pleasant Hill, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Duluth Venture, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Hiram Smith, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Hotels Brownsville TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Jacksonville Gateway, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Lauderhill Universal, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Lithonia Stonecrest, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Lynchburg Wards, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Matthews Sycamore, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA New York 33 rd L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Addison GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Addison Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Addison TRS GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Addison TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Albuquerque L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Albuquerque TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Baton Rouge L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Baton Rouge TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Brownsville GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Brownsville Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Brownsville TRS GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Colorado Springs L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Colorado Springs TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Cranbury L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Cranbury TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Dallas GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 1 

IA Orchard Hotels Dallas Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Dallas TRS GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Dallas TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Danbury L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Danbury TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Federal Way L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Federal Way TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Fort Worth GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Fort Worth Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Fort Worth TRS GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Fort Worth TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Harlingen GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Harlingen Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Harlingen TRS GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Harlingen TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Hauppauge L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Hauppauge TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Houston 2929 Westpark GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Houston 2929 Westpark Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Houston 2929 Westpark TRS GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Houston 2929 Westpark TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Houston 2939 Westpark GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Houston 2939 Westpark Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Houston 2939 Westpark TRS GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Houston 2939 Westpark TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Houston 9965 Westheimer GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Houston 9965 Westheimer Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Houston 9965 Westheimer TRS GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Houston 9965 Westheimer TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Houston 9975 Westheimer GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Houston 9975 Westheimer Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Houston 9975 Westheimer TRS GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Houston 9975 Westheimer TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Irving GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Irving Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Irving TRS GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Irving TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Lebanon L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Lebanon TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Los Alamitos L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Los Alamitos TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Nashville L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Nashville TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Solon L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Solon TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Somerset L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Somerset TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Tampa L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Tampa TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Tucson East Williams L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Tucson East Williams TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Tucson South Williams L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Tucson South Williams TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Vienna L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Vienna TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Westbury L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orchard Hotels Westbury TRS L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orlando Palazzo, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orlando Sand Lake, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Orlando Sand, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 2 

IA Poughkeepsie Hotel Optionee,, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Sacramento Rail, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Sarasota Tamiami, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA St. Petersburg Gateway, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Baltimore Hotel Associates I, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Annapolis Junction TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Annapolis Junction, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Atlanta Century TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Atlanta Century, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Atlanta Galleria TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Atlanta Galleria, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Baltimore TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Baltimore, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Beachwood TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Beachwood, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Birmingham TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Birmingham, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Burlington TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Burlington, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Cambridge TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Cambridge, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Chicago TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Chicago, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Colorado Springs TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Colorado Springs, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Denver TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Denver, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Elizabeth 83 TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Elizabeth 83, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Elizabeth 87 TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Elizabeth 87, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Fort Worth GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Fort Worth Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Forth Worth TRS GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Forth Worth TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Houston GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Houston Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Houston TRS GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Houston TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Hunt Valley TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Hunt Valley, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Medford TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Medford, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Phoenix TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Phoenix, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Poughkeepsie TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Poughkeepsie, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels San Antonio GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels San Antonio Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Urban Hotels San Antonio TRS GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels San Antonio TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Washington DC Franklin TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Washington DC Franklin, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Washington DC Terrace TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Urban Hotels Washington DC Terrace, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Warner Robins City, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA West Palm Beach Paradise, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Albany TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Albany, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Austin GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 3 

IA Winston Hotels Austin Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Austin TRS GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Austin TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Cary Ashville TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Cary Ashville, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Charlotte TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Charlotte, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Chelsea TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Chelsea, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Winston Hotels College Station GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Winston Hotels College Station Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Winston Hotels College Station TRS GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Winston Hotels College Station TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Houston 1050 Bay Area GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Houston 1050 Bay Area Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Houston 1050 Bay Area TRS GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Houston 1050 Bay Area TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Wilmington Rock Spring, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IA Winston Hotels Wilmington Rock Springs TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American (Concord) SUB, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American (LIP) Sub, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American (Net Lease) Sub L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American (Stephens) SUB, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American /Stephens (Wilbur) Ventures, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Aberdeen Old Philadelphia SPE, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Aberdeen Old Philadelphia, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Acquisitions, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Aiken Eastgate, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Arlington Riverview GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Arlington Riverview Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Atlanta Buckhead Member, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Atlanta Buckhead, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Augusta Fury s Ferry, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Austin Scofield GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Austin Scofield Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Baton Rouge Siegen, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Belvidere Atlas, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Birmingham Industrial, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Birmingham Southgate, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Bloomington Fields, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Brandon Centre, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Bridgewater TIC I, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Bridgewater TIC II, L.L.C 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Bridgewater TIC III, L.L.C 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Bridgewater TIC IV, L.L.C 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Bristol Member II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Bristol, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Brooklyn Park Atlas, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Bryant Alcoa II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Bryant Alcoa, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Canton Royall, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Carol Stream Heritage I, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Carol Stream Heritage II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Carrollton Josey Oaks GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Carrollton Josey Oaks Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Cartersville Atlas, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Ceruzzi Bristol Member, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Ceruzzi Cumberland Member, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Ceruzzi Framingham Member, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Ceruzzi Greenville Pleasantburg Member, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 4 

Inland American Ceruzzi Malden Member, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Ceruzzi Sicklerville Member, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Ceruzzi Southington Member, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Ceruzzi Swampscott Member, L.L.C 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American CFG Pennsylvania Portfolio DST 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American CFG Portfolio, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Chesapeake Commons , L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Chesapeake Crossroads, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Chicago Lincoln II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Chicago Lincoln, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Cobalt Investors, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Colorado Springs Cheyenne, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Columbia Rosewood, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Communities Acquisitions TRS, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Communities Acquisitions, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Communities Development, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Communities Group, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Communities Management, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Communities Partners, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Communities Third Party, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Concord Venture TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Continental Cranberry Specialty Partner LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Continental Morse, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Cranberry General Partner DST 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Cranberry Limited Partner DST 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Cranberry Specialty GP DST 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Cranberry Specialty LP 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Inland American Cumberland Member II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Cumberland, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Cypress Katella, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Dallas Prestonwood GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Dallas Prestonwood Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Dallas Prestonwood LP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Devens Barnum, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Dothan Pavillion, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Douglas Atlas, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Edmond Legacy Woods, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Elizabethtown Black Branch, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Englewood Merchants Member, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Englewood Merchants, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Erlanger Silverlake, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Finance Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Flower Mound Cross Timbers GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Flower Mound Cross Timbers Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Flower Mound Crossing GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Flower Mound Crossing Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Flower Mound Highlands GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Flower Mound Highlands Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Fond du Lac Forest Plaza II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Fond Du Lac Forest Plaza, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Framingham Member II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Framingham, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Frederick Oak, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Fultondale Promenade, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Gaffney Atlas, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Gahanna Morse, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Gainesville Atlas, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Gainesville, TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Garland Shiloh GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Garland Shiloh Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 5 

Inland American Grafton Port Washington, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Grapevine Heritage Heights GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Grapevine Heritage Heights Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Grapevine Park West GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Grapevine Park West Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Greeley Centerplace Holding, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Greeley Centerplace, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Green Bay AMS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Greensboro Airport Center, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Greenville Pleasantburg Member II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Greenville Pleasantburg, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Grove City Stringtown Outlot, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Grove City Stringtown, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Healthcare Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Healthcare Group, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Hendersonville Indian Lake Member, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Hendersonville Indian Lake, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Herndon Worldgate, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American High Ridge Gravois II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American High Ridge Gravois, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Holding TRS, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Homewood Washington Park, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Houston Medical Center GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Houston Medical Center Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinios 
 
 Inland American Houston Medical Center LP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Houston Northwest GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Houston Northwest Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Hyde Park Member II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Hyde Park Member, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Hyde Park, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American I Bridgewater 55, L.L.C 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American II Bridgewater 55, L.L.C 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American III Bridgewater 55, L.L.C 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Independence Hartman, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Indianapolis Woodland, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American IV Bridgewater 55, L.L.C 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American KATO Milmont Lender, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Lake Zurich Deerpath, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American LaQuinta Pavillion, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Legacy Portfolio Auto, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Lexington Bellerive, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American LIP Sub, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Lodging Acquisitions Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Lodging Associates, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Lodging Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Lodging Gainesville, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Lodging Garden Grove Harbor TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Lodging Garden Grove Harbor, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Lodging Group, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Lodging Operations TRS Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Lodging Woodlands GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Lodging Woodlands Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Lodging Woodlands TRS GP L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Lodging Woodlands TRS Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Loveland Nantucket, L.L.C 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Loves Park Clifford, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American MAC Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Malden Member II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Malden, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Management and Development TRS Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 6 

Inland American Marion Legacy, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American McKinney Towne Crossing GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American McKinney Towne Crossing Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American McKinney Towne Crossing LP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American McKinney Towne Crossing LP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American McKinney Towne Crossing Outlots GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American McKinney Towne Crossing Outlots Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Mesquite Pioneer GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Mesquite Pioneer Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Middleburg Crossings, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Midwest City Legacy Corner, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Missouri City Riverstone GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Missouri City Riverstone Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Monroe Poplin, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Morse Member, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Naples Malibu Lakes, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Nashville Donelson, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American New Ulm Atlas, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Newnan Coweta, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Newnan Thomas, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American North Hatfield, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Oak Lawn Cicero, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Oklahoma City Legacy Arts Quarter, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Oklahoma City Legacy Crossing, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Oklahoma City Penn, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Omaha L Street, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Onalaska Midwest, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Orchard Hotels, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Orchard TRS Holding Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Palm Coast Palm Harbor, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Pearland Silverlake Village GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Pearland Waterford GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Pendergrass Atlas, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Piedmont Atlas, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Plano 14 th Street Market GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Plano 14 th Street Market Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Plano Hunters Glen GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Plano Hunters Glen Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Plano Suncreek GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Plano Suncreek Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Port Charlotte Peachland, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Property Sales TRS Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Raleigh Bent Tree, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Richardson Custer Creek GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Richardson Custer Creek Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Rosenberg Brazos GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Rosenberg Brazos Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Round Rock University Oaks GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Round Rock University Oaks Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Round Rock University Oaks LP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Salisbury SPE, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Salisbury, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American San Antonio Encino Canyon GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American San Antonio Encino Canyon Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American San Antonio Woodlake GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American San Antonio Woodlake Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American San Antonio Woodlake LP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American San Marcos Campus, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American San Pedro Garden, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Shallotte, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 7 

Inland American Sicklerville Member II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Sicklerville, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Simpsonville Fairview, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American South Hatfield Elm, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Southington Member II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Southington, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Spring Woodridge Park GP,LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Spring Woodridge Park Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Spring Woodridge Park LP,LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American ST Florida Portfolio II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American ST Florida Portfolio III, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American ST Florida Portfolio IV, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American ST Florida Portfolio V, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American ST Florida Portfolio, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American ST Portfolio II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American ST Portfolio III, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American ST Portfolio IV, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American ST Portfolio V, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American ST Portfolio, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American St. Paul Atlas, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Stonebriar Member L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Swampscott Member II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Swampscott, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Tacoma James, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Taylorsville 2700 West, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Village Square LP 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Alden Landing LP 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Alden Landing GP,LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Alden Landing LP,LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Grogans Landing GP,LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Grogans Landing LP,LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Grogans Landing LP 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Lake Wyndemere GP,LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Lake Wyndemere LP 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Lake Wyndemere LP,LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Parkside GP,LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Parkside Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Parkside LP,LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Sterling Ridge GP,LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Sterling Ridge LP 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Sterling Ridge LP,LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Village Square GP,LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American The Woodlands Village Square LP,LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American TN Distribution, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Tucker Hugh Howell, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Tulsa 71st, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Universal City Kitty Hawk GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Universal City Kitty Hawk Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Urban Hotels Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Urban TRS Holding, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Valdosta NA Logistics Portfolio, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Venture Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Waterford GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Waterford Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Wauwatosa Research, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Webster Clear Lake GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Webster Clear Lake Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Webster Seven Palms GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Webster Seven Palms Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Westfield Summit Lock, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 8 

Inland American Westlake GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Westlake Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland American Wheeling Loan Investment, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Wildomar Bear Creek, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Wilson Heritage, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Winston Acquisitions, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Winston Hotels, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Woodstock Rose Creek, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American Zumbrota Atlas, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American/Stephens (Fremont Blvd) Ventures, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American/Stephens (Fremont Tech) Ventures, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American/Stephens (Gibraltar) Ventures, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American/Stephens (Las Plumas) Ventures, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American/Stephens (N First) Ventures, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American/Stephens (Sonora) Ventures, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American/Stephens (Southpoint) Ventures, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American/Stephens (Sycamore II) Ventures, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American/Stephens (Technology) Ventures, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American/Stephens (Timber) Ventures, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland American/Stephens (Trimble) Ventures, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland Concord Venture, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland PPD Charter Avondale, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland PPD Charter Baltimore, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland PPD Charter Colorado Springs, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland PPD Charter Coolidge, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland PPD Charter Firestone, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland PPD Charter Palm Coast, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland PPD Charter Washington DC, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland PPD Haskell Associates GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland PPD Haskell Associates Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Inland PPD Hudson Associates, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Inland Public Properties Development, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 L Street Marketplace, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Lauth Investment Properties, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 LIP Holdings, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Arlington Collins GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Arlington Collins Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Bloomsburg Buckhorn DST 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB BP Portfolio II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB BP Portfolio, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Canfield Main, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Cleveland Erieview, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Columbus Hilliard, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Conroe GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Conroe Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Corpus Christi Saratoga GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Corpus Christi Saratoga Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Cypress CyFair GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Cypress CyFair Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Cypress CyFair Outlot GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Cypress CyFair Outlot Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Dallas Carver Creek GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Dallas Carver Creek Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Eagles Stockbridge, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB East Humble Atascocita GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB East Humble Atascocita Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Evanston Sherman, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Fabyan Randall Plaza Batavia, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Friendswood Parkwood GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Friendswood Parkwood Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 9 

MB Herndon, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Highlands Ranch Ridgeline, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Hoffman Estates, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston 21602 Tomball GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston 21602 Tomball Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Houston 6101 Richmond GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston 6101 Richmond Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Houston 6234 Richmond GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston 6234 Richmond Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Houston Antoine GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston Antoine Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Houston Ashford GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston Ashford Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Houston Blackhawk GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston Cypress GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston Cypress Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Houston Eldridge GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston Eldridge Lakes GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston Eldridge Lakes Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Houston Eldridge Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Houston Eldridge Town Center GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston Eldridge Town Center Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Houston Highland GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston Highland Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Houston Hunting Bayou Restaurant GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston Hunting Bayou Restaurant Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Houston New Forest II GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston New Forest II Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Houston West End GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston West End Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Houston Winchester GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston Winchester Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Houston Windemere GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston Windemere Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Houston Woodforest GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Houston Woodforest Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Humble Pinehurst GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Humble Pinehurst Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Jacinto City Hunting Bayou GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Jacinto City Hunting Bayou Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Jacinto City Market GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Jacinto City Market Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Jacinto City Restaurant GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Jacinto City Restaurant Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Jacinto City Theater GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Jacinto City Theater Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Keene Monadnock, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Largo Paradise, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB League City Bay Colony GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB League City Bay Colony Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Lincoln Mall, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Longview Triangle, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Louisville Southgate, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Margate Lakewood I, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Margate Lakewood II, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Maryland BP Portfolio Acquisitions, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Maryland BP Portfolio, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Minneapolis 8th Street, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Pennsylvania BP Portfolio DST 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Pittsburgh Bridgeside DST 
 
 Delaware 
 10 

MB Rockford State, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB San Antonio Brooks GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB San Antonio Brooks Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Shakopee Vierling, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Sherman Town Center GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Sherman Town Center Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Sioux City Lakeport, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Spring Stables GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Spring Stables Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Spring Town Center GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Spring Town Center III GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Spring Town Center III Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Spring Town Center Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Springfield National, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB St. Louis Chestnut, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Suffolk Lake View, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Sugar Land Gillingham GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Sugar Land Gillingham Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Texas BP Portfolio Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Texas BP Portfolio, GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB The Woodlands Lake Woodlands GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB The Woodlands Lake Woodlands Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Tomball Town Center GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Tomball Town Center Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB Webster Gulf Freeway GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Webster Gulf Freeway Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 MB West Chester, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Willis Town Center GP, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MB Willis Town Center Limited Partnership 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 Net Lease Strategic Assets Fund L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Richmond Hotel Associates L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Richmond Hotel Lessee L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Stone Creek Crossing GP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Stone Creek Crossing, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 University House 14 th Street, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 University House Central Florida, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 University House Fullerton, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 University House Gainesville, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 University House Huntsville, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 University House Lafayette, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 University Partners, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Village at Stonebriar, L.L.C 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Walnut Street GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Walnut Street Holding Company, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Walnut Street Holdings GP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Walnut Street Holdings, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Walnut Street Lessee, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Weber/Inland American Lewisville TC Limited Partnership 
 
 Texas 
 
 WINN Limited Partnership 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 Winston Alpharetta SPE L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Ann Arbor SPE L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Atlanta HI SPE L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Cary HS SPE L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Charleston QS SPE L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Duluth HI SPE L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Durham HS SPE L.L.C 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Elmsford SPE L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Houston CY SPE L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Houston HS SPE L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 11 

Winston Kansas City, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Kansas City, LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Lake Mary SPE L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Manager Corporation 
 
 Virginia 
 
 Winston Manager II L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Phoenix Associates TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Phoenix Associates, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Phoenix HS SPE L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Princeton Associates TRS, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Princeton Associates, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Raleigh HS SPE L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston Roanoke SPE L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston SPE II L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Winston SPE L.L.C. 
 
 Virginia 
 
 Winston Windsor SPE L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 12 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 dex231.htm
 CONSENT OF KPMG LLP

Consent of KPMG LLP 

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors
 Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc.: We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-158338) on Form S-3 of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. of our report dated March 11, 2011, with respect to
the consolidated balance sheets of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, and the related consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the
years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2010, and the related financial statement schedule, which report appears in the Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010.
 /s/ KPMG LLP Chicago, Illinois
 March 11, 2011 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 dex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer I, Brenda G. Gujral, certify that:

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Brenda G. Gujral 

Name: 
 
 Brenda G. Gujral 
 
 Title: 
 
 President 
 
 Date: 
 
 March 11, 2011 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 dex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer I, Lori J. Foust, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Lori J. Foust 

Name: 
 
 Lori J. Foust 
 
 Title: 
 
 Treasurer and principal financial officer 
 
 Date: 
 
 March 11, 2011 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 dex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2010, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Brenda G. Gujral, president of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the
best of her knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 11, 2011 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Brenda G. Gujral 

Name: 
 
 Brenda G. Gujral 

Title: 
 
 President This certification accompanies the Report
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 dex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 32.2 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2010, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Lori J. Foust, treasurer and principal financial officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of her knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 11, 2011 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Lori J. Foust 

Name: 
 
 Lori J. Foust 

Title: 
 
 Treasurer and principal financial officer This
certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

