<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20110316_10-K_edgar_data_824410_0001144204-11-015068.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5291879</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>432514</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>106776</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4446039</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-11-015068.hdr.sgml : 20110316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20110316090656
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-11-015068
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20101231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20110316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20110316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANDY SPRING BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000824410
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				520312970
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19065
		FILM NUMBER:		11690427

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17801 GEORGIA AVE
		CITY:			OLNEY
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20832
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3017746400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17801 GEORGIA AVENUE
		CITY:			OLNEY
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20832

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-11-015068.txt : 20110316

10-K
 1
 v214289_10k.htm

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2010 

Commission File Number 0-19065 

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Maryland 

52-1532952 

(State or other jurisdiction of 

incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 

Identification No.) 

17801 Georgia Avenue, Olney, Maryland 

20832 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

301-774-6400 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Common Stock, par value 1.00 per share 

The NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes x No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer x Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes x No 

The aggregate market value of the voting common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2010, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately 330 million, based on the closing sales price of 14.01 per share of the registrant's Common Stock on that date. 

The number of outstanding shares of common stock outstanding as of March 7, 2011. 

Common stock, 1.00 par value 24,051,907 shares 

Documents Incorporated By Reference 

Part III: Portions of the definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 4 , 2011 (the "Proxy Statement"). 

The registrant is required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 of the Act. 

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Forward-Looking Statements 

2 

PART I. 

Item 1. Business 

3 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

13 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

17 

Item 2. Properties 

17 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

17 

Item 4. [Reserved] 

17 

Executive Officers 

13 

PART II. 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

18 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

21 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

22 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

46 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 

47 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

49 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

53 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

95 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

96 

Item 9B. Other Information 

96 

PART III. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

96 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

96 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

96 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

96 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

96 

PART IV. 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements, and Reports on Form 8-K 

96 

Signatures 

99 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report Form 10-K, as well as other periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and written or oral communications made from time to time by or on behalf of Sandy Spring Bancorp and its subsidiaries (the Company ), may contain statements relating to future events or future results of the Company that are considered forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plan, estimate, intend and potential, or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs such as should, 
 could, or may. Forward-looking statements include statements of our goals, intentions and expectations; statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; statements regarding the quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. 

Forward-looking statements reflect our expectation or prediction of future conditions, events or results based on information currently available. These forward-looking statements are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such statements. These risk and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risks identified in Item 1A of this report and the following: 

general business and economic conditions nationally or in the markets we serve could adversely affect, among other things, real estate prices, unemployment levels, and consumer and business confidence, which could lead to decreases in the demand for loans, deposits and other financial services that we provide and increases in loan delinquencies and defaults; 

changes or volatility in the capital markets and interest rates may adversely impact the value of securities, loans, deposits and other financial instruments and the interest rate sensitivity of our balance sheet as well as our liquidity; 

our liquidity requirements could be adversely affected by changes in our assets and liabilities; 

our investment securities portfolio is subject to credit risk, market risk, and liquidity risk as well as changes in the estimates we use to value certain of the securities in our portfolio; 

the effect of legislative or regulatory developments including changes in laws concerning taxes, banking, securities, insurance and other aspects of the financial services industry; 

competitive factors among financial services companies, including product and pricing pressures and our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified banking professionals; 

the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and other regulatory agencies; and 

the effect of fiscal and governmental policies of the United States federal government. 

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. We do not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by federal securities laws. 

2 

PART I 

Item 1. BUSINESS 

General 

Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. (the Company") is the one-bank holding company for Sandy Spring Bank (the "Bank"). The Company is registered as a bank holding company pursuant to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the "Holding Company Act"). As such, the Company is subject to supervision and regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve"). The Company began operating in 1988. The Bank was founded in 1868, and is the oldest banking business based in Maryland. The Bank is independent, community oriented, and conducts a full-service commercial banking business through 43 community offices located in Anne Arundel, Carroll, Frederick, Howard, Montgomery and Prince George's counties in Maryland, and Fairfax and Loudoun counties in Virginia. The Bank is a state
chartered bank subject to supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve and the State of Maryland. The Bank's deposit accounts are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund administered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC") to the maximum permitted by law. The Bank is a member of the Federal Reserve System and is an Equal Housing Lender. The Company, the Bank, and its other subsidiaries are Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employers. 

With 3.5 billion in assets, the Company is the holding company for the Bank and its principal subsidiaries, Sandy Spring Insurance Corporation and West Financial Services, Inc. Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. is the largest publicly traded banking company headquartered and operating in Maryland. Sandy Spring Bank is a community banking organization that focuses its lending and other services on businesses and consumers in the local market area. Through its subsidiaries, Sandy Spring Bank also offers a comprehensive menu of leasing, insurance, and investment management services. 

The Company's and the Bank's principal executive office is located at 17801 Georgia Avenue, Olney, Maryland 20832, and its telephone number is 301-774-6400. 

Availability of Information 

This report is not part of the proxy materials; it is provided along with the annual proxy statement for convenience of use and as an expense control measure. The Company makes available through the Investor Relations area of the Company website, at www.sandyspringbank.com , annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Access to these reports is provided by means of a link to a third-party vendor that maintains a database of such filings. In general,
the Company intends that these reports be available as soon as practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Technical and other operational obstacles or delays caused by the vendor may delay their availability. The SEC maintains a Web site (www.sec.gov) where these filings also are available through the SEC s EDGAR system. There is no charge for access to these filings through either the Company s site or the SEC s site. 

Market and Economic Overview 

Sandy Spring Bank is headquartered in Montgomery County, Maryland and conducts business primarily in the Central Maryland and Northern Virginia area. The Bank s business footprint serves one of the better performing business regions in the country. Among combined metro areas in the U.S., the Washington-Baltimore-Northern Virginia Combined Statistical Area ranked third annually in total Effective Buying Income , with 237 billion according to the Maryland Department of Business Economic Development. At September 30, 2010, with 2.5 billion of deposits in Maryland, Sandy Spring Bancorp had the largest deposit market share of any bank holding company headquartered in Maryland according to SNL Financial. The Baltimore-Washington area is a regional center for
federal and state government services, service oriented businesses and various industries. Both areas are accessible to a deepwater harbor, the fifth largest in the nation, and have proximity to a large network of interstate and well maintained highways, notably Interstates 95, 70, 83, 81 and 68. As a consequence, the area is also a major provider of warehouse operations for retail distribution and logistics providers. Additionally, the region also has a high concentration of third party government service providers, in addition to hosting a robust technology sector. The employment in the health and education industries is also significant. On a consolidated basis, the area possesses a diverse blue-collar to white-collar business environment. 

Maryland has the highest state median household income in the country at 69,000 for 2009, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. To complement its presence in the Maryland market, the Bank is expanding its number of community offices in Northern Virginia which is home to nearly 2.6 million people. The Baltimore-Washington area has five out of the top ten most affluent counties in the United States, as measured by median household income for counties with 250,000 or more people, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Important to both Maryland and Northern Virginia is the accessibility to other key neighboring markets such as Philadelphia, New York City, Pittsburgh and the Richmond/Norfolk, Virginia corridor. The market area benefits from the presence and employment
stability of the federal government and related service industries. In addition, management believes that the market is benefitting from stimulus spending, recent military base relocation and expansion initiatives by the general defense and homeland security industries. 

3 

While general economic decline has had an adverse impact on the local economy, the regional unemployment rate is currently below the national average according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics as of December, 2010. The workforce is relatively stable due to government and related employment opportunities and the presence of a diverse manufacturing base and service industries, and a better than average regional economic outlook. Recent activity reflects improving conditions in the market, as the Washington metro statistical area was one of only four MSAs in the country to show gains in home prices in 2010 according to the latest Case-Shiller report as of November, 2010. At year-end 2010 economic metrics on retail sales, mortgage delinquencies, office vacancies, personal income and median
family income indicated generally positive economic signals when compared to the other areas of the United States. Management believes that the regional economy has begun to turn around and is now in a position further for recovery and expansion. The Bank believes that as the economy continues to recover, growth opportunities will present themselves that the Company can take advantage of while adequately managing credit risk. 

Loan and Lease Products 

The Company currently offers a complete menu of loan and lease products primarily in our identified market footprint that are discussed in detail below and on the following pages. These following sections should be read in conjunction with the section Credit Risk on page 38 of this report. 

Residential Real Estate Loans 

The residential real estate category contains loans principally to consumers secured by residential real estate. The Company's residential real estate lending policy requires each loan to have viable repayment sources. Residential real estate loans are evaluated for the adequacy of these repayment sources at the time of approval, based upon measures including credit scores, debt-to-income ratios, and collateral values. Credit risk for residential real estate loans arises from borrowers lacking the ability or willingness to repay the loan or by a shortfall in the value of the residential real estate in relation to the outstanding loan balance in the event of a default and subsequent liquidation of the real estate collateral. The residential real estate portfolio includes both conforming and
nonconforming mortgage loans. 

Conforming mortgage loans represent loans originated in accordance with underwriting standards set forth by the government-sponsored entities GSEs ), including the Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae ), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Company Freddie Mac ), and the Government National Mortgage Association Ginnie Mae ), which serve as the primary purchasers of loans sold in the secondary mortgage market by mortgage lenders. These loans are generally collateralized by one-to-four-family residential real estate, have loan-to-collateral value ratios of 80 or less or have mortgage insurance to insure down to 80 , and are made to borrowers in good credit standing. Substantially all fixed-rate conforming loans originated are sold in the secondary
mortgage market. For any loans retained by the Company, title insurance insuring the priority of its mortgage lien, as well as fire and extended coverage casualty insurance protecting the properties securing the loans are required. Borrowers may be required to advance funds, with each monthly payment of principal and interest, to a loan escrow account from which the Company makes disbursements for items such as real estate taxes and mortgage insurance premiums. Appraisers approved by the Company appraise the properties securing substantially all of the Company's residential mortgage loans. 

Nonconforming mortgage loans represent loans that generally are not saleable in the secondary market to the GSEs for inclusion in conventional mortgage-backed securities due to the credit characteristics of the borrower, the underlying documentation, the loan-to-value ratio, or the size of the loan, among other factors. The Company originates nonconforming loans for its own portfolio and for sale to third-party investors, usually large mortgage companies, under commitments by the mortgage company to purchase the loans subject to compliance with pre-established investor criteria. These nonconforming loans generated for sale include some residential mortgage credits where the loans may not be underwritten using customary underwriting standards. These loans typically are after funding for thirty days or less, and
are included in residential mortgages held for sale on the face of the balance sheet. The Company's current practice is to sell both conforming and non-conforming loans on a servicing released basis. 

The Company makes residential real estate development and construction loans generally to provide interim financing on property during the development and construction period. Borrowers include builders, developers and persons who will ultimately occupy the single-family dwelling. Residential real estate development and construction loan funds are disbursed periodically as pre-specified stages of completion are attained based upon site inspections. Interest rates on these loans are usually adjustable. Loans to individuals for the construction of primary personal residences are typically secured by the property under construction, frequently include additional collateral (such as a second mortgage on the borrower's present home), and commonly have maturities of six to twelve months. The Company attempts
to obtain the permanent mortgage loan under terms, conditions and documentation standards that permit the sale of the mortgage loan in the secondary mortgage loan market. 

Commercial Loans and Leases 

Included in this category are commercial real estate loans, commercial construction loans, leases and other commercial loans. Over the years, the Company s commercial loan clients have come to represent a diverse cross-section of small to mid-size local businesses within our market footprint, whose owners and employees are often established Bank customers. Such banking relationships are a natural business for the Company, with its long-standing community roots and extensive experience in serving and lending to this market segment. 

4 

The Company primarily lends for commercial construction in local markets that are familiar and understandable, works selectively with top-quality builders and developers, and requires substantial equity from its borrowers. The underwriting process is designed to confirm that the project will be economically feasible and financially viable; it is generally evaluated as though the Company will provide permanent financing. The Company's portfolio growth objectives do not include speculative commercial construction projects or projects lacking reasonable proportionate sharing of risk. Development and construction loans are secured by the properties under development or construction and personal guarantees are typically obtained. Further, to assure that reliance is not placed solely upon the value of the
underlying collateral, the Company considers the financial condition and reputation of the borrower and any guarantors, the amount of the borrower's equity in the project, independent appraisals, cost estimates and pre-construction sales information. A risk rating system is used on the commercial loan portfolio to determine any exposures to losses. 

Commercial loans are evaluated for the adequacy of repayment sources at the time of approval and are regularly reviewed for any possible deterioration in the ability of the borrower to repay the loan. Collateral generally is required to provide the Company with an additional source of repayment in the event of default by a commercial borrower. The structure of the collateral package, including the type and amount of the collateral, varies from loan to loan depending on the financial strength of the borrower, the amount and terms of the loan, and the collateral available to be pledged by the borrower, but generally may include real estate, accounts receivable, inventory, equipment or other assets. Loans also may be supported by personal guarantees from the principals of the commercial loan
borrowers. The financial condition and cash flow of commercial borrowers are closely monitored by the submission of corporate financial statements, personal financial statements and income tax returns. The frequency of submissions of required information depends upon the size and complexity of the credit and the collateral that secures the loan. Credit risk for commercial loans arises from borrowers lacking the ability or willingness to repay the loan, and in the case of secured loans, by a shortfall in the collateral value in relation to the outstanding loan balance in the event of a default and subsequent liquidation of collateral. The Company has no commercial loans to borrowers in similar industries that exceed 10 of total loans. 

Included in commercial loans are credits directly originated by the Company and syndicated transactions or loan participations that are originated by other lenders. The Company's commercial lending policy requires each loan, regardless of whether it is directly originated or is purchased, to have viable repayment sources. The risks associated with syndicated loans or purchased participations are similar to those of directly originated commercial loans, although additional risk may arise from the limited ability to control actions of the primary lender. Shared National Credits (SNC), as defined by the banking regulatory agencies, represent syndicated lending arrangements with three or more participating financial institutions and credit exceeding 20.0 million in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2010,
the Company had 37.5 million in SNC purchased outstanding and no SNC sold outstanding. During 2010, the Company s primary regulator completed its annual SNC examination. As a result of this review no action was required on the Company s SNC participations. 

The Company also sells participations in loans it originates to other financial institutions in order to build long-term customer relationships or limit loan concentration. Strict policies are in place governing the degree of risk assumed and volume of loans held. At December 31, 2010, other financial institutions had 3.9 million in outstanding commercial and commercial real estate loan participations sold by the Company, and the Company had 21.5 million in outstanding commercial and commercial real estate loan participations purchased from other lenders, excluding SNC. 

The Company's commercial real estate loans consist of both loans secured by owner occupied properties and non-owner occupied where an established banking relationship exists and involves investment properties for warehouse, retail, and office space with a history of occupancy and cash flow. The commercial real estate category contains mortgage loans to developers and owners of commercial real estate. Commercial real estate loans are governed by the same lending policies and subject to credit risk as previously described for commercial loans. Although terms and amortization periods vary, the Company's commercial mortgages generally have maturities or re-pricing opportunities of five years or less. The Company seeks to reduce the
risks associated with commercial mortgage lending by generally lending in its market area, using conservative loan-to-value ratios and obtaining periodic financial statements and tax returns from borrowers to perform loan reviews. It is also the Company's general policy to obtain personal guarantees from the principals of the borrowers and to underwrite the business entity from a cash flow perspective. 

Commercial real estate loans secured by owner-occupied properties are based upon the borrower s financial health and the ability of the borrower and the business to repay. All borrowers are required to forward annual corporate, partnership and personal financial statements. Interest rate risks are mitigated by using either floating interest rates or by fixing rates for a short period of time, generally less than three years. While loan amortizations may be approved for up to 300 months, each loan generally has a call provision (maturity date) of five years or less. 

Acquisition, development and construction loans to residential builders are generally made for the construction of residential homes for which a binding sales contract exists and the prospective buyers had been pre-qualified for permanent mortgage financing by either third-party lenders (mortgage companies or other financial institutions) or the Company. Loans for the development of residential land are extended when evidence is provided that the lots under development will be or have been sold to builders satisfactory to the Company. These loans are generally extended for a period of time sufficient to allow for the clearing and grading of the land and the installation of water, sewer and roads, which is typically a minimum of eighteen months to three years. 

5 

The Company makes commercial business loans. Commercial term loans are made to provide funds for equipment and general corporate needs. This loan category is designed to support borrowers who have a proven ability to service debt over a term generally not to exceed 84 months. The Company generally requires a first lien position on all collateral and requires guarantees from owners having at least a 20 interest in the involved business. Interest rates on commercial term loans are generally floating or fixed for a term not to exceed five years. Management monitors industry and collateral concentrations to avoid loan exposures to a large group of similar industries or similar collateral. Commercial business loans are evaluated for historical and projected cash flow
attributes, balance sheet strength, and primary and alternate resources of personal guarantors. Commercial term loan documents require borrowers to forward regular financial information on both the business and personal guarantors. Loan covenants require at least annual submission of complete financial information and in certain cases this information is required monthly, quarterly or semi-annually depending on the degree to which the Company desires information resources for monitoring a borrower s financial condition and compliance with loan covenants. Examples of properly margined collateral for loans, as required by bank policy, would be a 75 advance on the lesser of appraisal or recent sales price on commercial property, an 80 or less advance on eligible receivables, a 50 or less advances on eligible inventory and an 80 advance on appraised residential property. Collateral borrowing certificates may be required to monitor certain collateral
categories on a monthly or quarterly basis. Loans may require personal guarantees. Key person life insurance may be required as appropriate and as necessary to mitigate the risk of loss of a primary owner or manager. Whenever appropriate and available, the Bank seeks governmental loan guarantees, such as the Small Business Administration loan programs, to reduce risks. 

Commercial lines of credit are granted to finance a business borrower s short-term credit needs and/or to finance a percentage of eligible receivables and inventory. In addition to the risks inherent in term loan facilities, line of credit borrowers typically require additional monitoring to protect the lender against increasing loan volumes and diminishing collateral values. Commercial lines of credit are generally revolving in nature and require close scrutiny. The Company generally requires at least an annual out of debt period (for seasonal borrowers) or regular financial information (monthly or quarterly financial statements, borrowing base certificates, etc.) for borrowers with more growth and greater permanent working capital financing needs. Advances
against collateral value are limited. Lines of credit and term loans to the same borrowers generally are cross-defaulted and cross-collateralized. Interest rate charges on this group of loans generally float at a factor at or above the prime lending rate. 

Consumer Lending 

Consumer lending continues to be important to the Company s full-service, community banking business. This category of loans includes primarily home equity loans and lines, installment loans, personal lines of credit and marine loans. 

The home equity category consists mainly of revolving lines of credit to consumers which are secured by residential real estate. Home equity lines of credit and other home equity loans are originated by the Company for typically up to 90 of the appraised value, less the amount of any existing prior liens on the property. While home equity loans have maximum terms of up to twenty years and interest rates are generally fixed, home equity lines of credit have maximum terms of up to ten years for draws and thirty years for repayment, and interest rates are generally adjustable. The Company secures these loans with mortgages on the homes (typically a second mortgage). Purchase money second mortgage loans originated by the Company have maximum terms ranging
from ten to thirty years. These loans generally carry a fixed rate of interest for the entire term or a fixed rate of interest for the first five years, re-pricing every five years thereafter at a predetermined spread to the prime rate of interest. Home equity lines are generally governed by the same lending policies and subject to credit risk as described above for residential real estate loans. 

Other consumer loans include installment loans used by customers to purchase automobiles, boats and recreational vehicles. These consumer loans are generally governed by the same overall lending policies as described for residential real estate. Credit risk for consumer loans arises from borrowers lacking the ability or willingness to repay the loan, and in the case of secured loans, by a shortfall in the value of the collateral in relation to the outstanding loan balance in the event of a default and subsequent liquidation of collateral. 

Consumer installment loans are generally offered for terms of up to five years at fixed interest rates. Automobile loans can be for up to 100 of the purchase price or the retail value listed by the National Automobile Dealers Association. The terms of the loans are determined by the age and condition of the collateral. Collision insurance policies are required on all these loans, unless the borrower has substantial other assets and income. The Company also makes other consumer loans, which may or may not be secured. The term of the loans usually depends on the collateral. Unsecured loans usually do not exceed 50 thousand and have a term of no longer than 36 months. 

Deposit Activities 

Subject to the Company s Asset/Liability Committee (the ALCO policies and current business plan, the Treasury function works closely with the Company s retail deposit operations to accomplish the objectives of maintaining deposit market share within the Company s primary markets and managing funding costs to preserve the net interest margin. 

6 

One of the Company s primary objectives as a community bank is to develop long-term, multi-product customer relationships from its comprehensive menu of financial products. To that end, the lead product to develop such relationships is typically a deposit product. In 2009, the Company conducted a successful campaign to grow its deposit base. The Company has succeeded in retaining a large majority of this deposit growth that will be relied upon to fund long-term future loan growth as the economy recovers. 

Treasury Activities 

The Treasury function manages the wholesale segments of the balance sheet, including investments, purchased funds and long-term debt, and is responsible for all facets of interest rate risk management for the Company, which includes the pricing of deposits consistent with conservative interest rate risk and liquidity practices. Management s objective is to achieve the maximum level of consistent earnings over the long term, while minimizing interest rate risk, credit risk and liquidity risk and optimizing capital utilization. In managing the investment portfolio under its stated objectives, the Company invests primarily in U. S. Treasury and Agency securities, U.S Agency mortgage-backed securities MBS ), U.S. Agency Collateralized Mortgage Obligations CMO ), municipal bonds and
to a minimal extent, trust preferred securities and corporate bonds. Treasury strategies and activities are overseen by the Credit and Investment Risk Committee of the board of directors, ALCO and the Company s Investment Committee, which reviews all investment and funding transactions. The ALCO activities are summarized and reviewed monthly with the Company s Board of Directors. 

The primary objective of the investment portfolio is to provide the necessary liquidity consistent with anticipated levels of deposit funding and loan demand with a minimal level of risk. The short overall average duration of 3.2 years of the investment portfolio together with the types of investments (97 of the portfolio is rated AA or above) is intended to provide sufficient cash flows to support the Company s lending goals. Liquidity is also provided by lines of credit maintained with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta FHLB ), the Federal Reserve, and to a lesser extent, bank lines of credit. 

Borrowing Activities 

Management utilizes a variety of sources to raise borrowed funds at competitive rates, including federal funds purchased, FHLB borrowings and retail repurchase agreements. FHLB borrowings typically carry rates approximating the LIBOR rate for the equivalent term because they are secured with investments or high quality loans. Federal funds purchased, which are generally overnight borrowings, are typically purchased at the Federal Reserve target rate. 

The Company s borrowing activities are achieved through the use of the previously mentioned lines of credit to address overnight and short-term funding needs, match funding of loan activity and when opportunities are presented, to lock in attractive rates due to market conditions. 

Employees 

The Company inclusive of the Bank employed 711 persons, including executive officers, loan and other banking and trust officers, branch personnel, and others at December 31, 2010. None of the Company's employees is represented by a union or covered under a collective bargaining agreement. Management of the Company considers its employee relations to be excellent. 

Competition 

The Bank's principal competitors for deposits are other financial institutions, including other banks, credit unions, and savings institutions located in the Bank s primary market area of Anne Arundel, Carroll, Frederick, Howard, Montgomery and Prince George s counties in Maryland, and Fairfax and Loudoun counties in Virginia. Competition among these institutions is based primarily on interest rates and other terms offered, service charges imposed on deposit accounts, the quality of services rendered, and the convenience of banking facilities. Additional competition for depositors' funds comes from mutual funds, U.S. Government securities, and private issuers of debt obligations and suppliers of other investment alternatives for depositors such as securities firms. Competition from credit unions has
intensified in recent years as historical federal limits on membership have been relaxed. Because federal law subsidizes credit unions by giving them a general exemption from federal income taxes, credit unions have a significant cost advantage over banks and savings associations, which are fully subject to federal income taxes. Credit unions may use this advantage to offer rates that are highly competitive with those offered by banks and thrifts. 

The banking business in Central Maryland and Northern Virginia generally, and the Bank's primary service areas specifically, are highly competitive with respect to both loans and deposits. As noted above, the Bank competes with many larger banking organizations that have offices over a wide geographic area. These larger institutions have certain inherent advantages, such as the ability to finance wide-ranging advertising campaigns and promotions and to allocate their investment assets to regions offering the highest yield and demand. They also offer services, such as international banking, that are not offered directly by the Bank (but are available indirectly through correspondent institutions), and, by virtue of their larger total capitalization, such banks have substantially higher legal lending limits, which
are based on bank capital, than does the Bank. The Bank can arrange loans in excess of its lending limit, or in excess of the level of risk it desires to take, by arranging participations with other banks. The primary factors in competing for loans are interest rates, loan origination fees, and the range of services offered by lenders. Competitors for loan originations include other commercial banks, mortgage bankers, mortgage brokers, savings associations, and insurance companies. Equipment leasing through the equipment leasing subsidiary basically involves the same competitive factors as lending, with competition from other equipment leasing companies. 

7 

Sandy Spring Insurance Corporation SSIC ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, offers annuities as an alternative to traditional deposit accounts. SSIC operates the Chesapeake Insurance Group, a general insurance agency located in Annapolis, Maryland, and Neff Associates, an insurance agency located in Ocean City, Maryland. Both agencies face competition primarily from other insurance agencies and insurance companies. West Financial Services, Inc. WFS ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, is an asset management and financial planning company located in McLean, Virginia. WFS faces competition primarily from other financial planners, banks, and financial management companies. 

In addition to competing with other commercial banks, credit unions and savings associations, commercial banks such as the Bank compete with non-bank institutions for funds. For instance, yields on corporate and government debt and equity securities affect the ability of commercial banks to attract and hold deposits. Mutual funds also provide substantial competition to banks for deposits. Other entities, both governmental and in private industry, raise capital through the issuance and sale of debt and equity securities and indirectly compete with the Bank in the acquisition of deposits. 

The Holding Company Act permits the Federal Reserve to approve an application of an adequately capitalized and adequately managed bank holding company to acquire control of, or acquire all or substantially all of the assets of, a bank located in a state other than that holding company's home state. The Federal Reserve may not approve the acquisition of a bank that has not been in existence for the minimum time period (not exceeding five years) specified by the statutory law of the host state. The Holding Company Act also prohibits the Federal Reserve from approving an application if the applicant (and its depository institution affiliates) controls or would control more than 10 of the insured deposits in the United States or 30 or more of the deposits in the target bank's home state or in any state in which the
target bank maintains a branch. The Holding Company Act does not affect the authority of states to limit the percentage of total insured deposits in the state which may be held or controlled by a bank or bank holding company to the extent such limitation does not discriminate against out-of-state banks or bank holding companies. The State of Maryland allows out-of-state financial institutions to merge with Maryland banks and to establish branches in Maryland, subject to certain limitations. 

Financial holding companies may engage in banking as well as types of securities, insurance, and other financial activities that historically had been prohibited for bank holding companies under prior law. Banks with or without holding companies also may establish and operate financial subsidiaries that may engage in most financial activities in which financial holding companies may engage. Competition may increase as bank holding companies and other large financial services companies take advantage of the ability to engage in new activities and provide a wider array of products. 

Monetary Policy 

The Company and the Bank are affected by fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government, including those of the Federal Reserve Board, which regulates the national money supply in order to mitigate recessionary and inflationary pressures. Among the techniques available to the Federal Reserve Board are engaging in open market transactions of U.S. Government securities, changing the discount rate and changing reserve requirements against bank deposits. These techniques are used in varying combinations to influence the overall growth of bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use may also affect interest rates charged on loans and paid on deposits. The effect of governmental policies on the earnings of the Company and the Bank cannot be predicted. 

Regulation, Supervision, and Governmental Policy 

The following is a brief summary of certain statutes and regulations that significantly affect the Company and the Bank. A number of other statutes and regulations affect the Company and the Bank but are not summarized below. 

Bank Holding Company Regulation 

The Company is registered as a bank holding company under the Holding Company Act and, as such, is subject to supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve. As a bank holding company, the Company is required to furnish to the Federal Reserve annual and quarterly reports of its operations and additional information and reports. The Company is also subject to regular examination by the Federal Reserve. 

Under the Holding Company Act, a bank holding company must obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before (1) acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of any class of voting securities of any bank or bank holding company if, after the acquisition, the bank holding company would directly or indirectly own or control more than 5 of the class; (2) acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or bank holding company; or (3) merging or consolidating with another bank holding company. 

Prior to acquiring control of the Company or the Bank any company must obtain approval of the Federal Reserve. For purposes of the Holding Company Act, "control" is defined as ownership of 25 or more of any class of voting securities of the Company or the Bank, the ability to control the election of a majority of the directors, or the exercise of a controlling influence over management or policies of the Company or the Bank. 

8 

The Change in Bank Control Act and the related regulations of the Federal Reserve require any person or persons acting in concert (except for companies required to make application under the Holding Company Act), to file a written notice with the Federal Reserve before the person or persons acquire control of the Company or the Bank. The Change in Bank Control Act defines "control" as the direct or indirect power to vote 25 or more of any class of voting securities or to direct the management or policies of a bank holding company or an insured bank. 

The Holding Company Act also limits the investments and activities of bank holding companies. In general, a bank holding company is prohibited from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of a company that is not a bank or a bank holding company or from engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks, providing services for its subsidiaries, non-bank activities that are closely related to banking, and other financially related activities. The activities of the Company are subject to these legal and regulatory limitations under the Holding Company Act and Federal Reserve regulations. 

In general, bank holding companies that qualify as financial holding companies under federal banking law may engage in an expanded list of non-bank activities. Non-bank and financially related activities of bank holding companies, including companies that become financial holding companies, also may be subject to regulation and oversight by regulators other than the Federal Reserve. The Company is not a financial holding company, but may choose to become one in the future. 

The Federal Reserve has the power to order a holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any activity, or to terminate its ownership or control of any subsidiary, when it has reasonable cause to believe that the continuation of such activity or such ownership or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness, or stability of any bank subsidiary of that holding company. 

The Federal Reserve has adopted guidelines regarding the capital adequacy of bank holding companies, which require bank holding companies to maintain specified minimum ratios of capital to total assets and capital to risk-weighted assets. See "Regulatory Capital Requirements." 

The Federal Reserve has the power to prohibit dividends by bank holding companies if their actions constitute unsafe or unsound practices. The Federal Reserve has issued a policy statement on the payment of cash dividends by bank holding companies, which expresses the Federal Reserve's view that a bank holding company should pay cash dividends only to the extent that the company's net income for the past year is sufficient to cover both the cash dividends and a rate of earnings retention that is consistent with the company's capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition. 

Bank Regulation 

The Bank is a state chartered bank and trust company subject to supervision by the State of Maryland. As a member of the Federal Reserve System, the Bank is also subject to supervision by the Federal Reserve. Deposits of the Bank are insured by the FDIC to the legal maximum. Deposits, reserves, investments, loans, consumer law compliance, issuance of securities, payment of dividends, establishment of branches, mergers and acquisitions, corporate activities, changes in control, electronic funds transfers, responsiveness to community needs, management practices, compensation policies, and other aspects of operations are subject to regulation by the appropriate federal and state supervisory authorities. In addition, the Bank is subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations
which set forth specific restrictions and procedural requirements with respect to extensions of credit (including to insiders), credit practices, disclosure of credit terms and discrimination in credit transactions. 

The Federal Reserve regularly examines the operations and condition of the Bank, including, but not limited to, its capital adequacy, reserves, loans, investments, and management practices. These examinations are for the protection of the Bank's depositors and the Deposit Insurance Fund. In addition, the Bank is required to furnish quarterly and annual reports to the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve's enforcement authority includes the power to remove officers and directors and the authority to issue cease-and-desist orders to prevent a bank from engaging in unsafe or unsound practices or violating laws or regulations governing its business. 

The Federal Reserve has adopted regulations regarding capital adequacy, which require member banks to maintain specified minimum ratios of capital to total assets and capital to risk-weighted assets. See "Regulatory Capital Requirements." Federal Reserve and State regulations limit the amount of dividends that the Bank may pay to the Company. See Note 12 Stockholders Equity in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The Bank is subject to restrictions imposed by federal law on extensions of credit to, and certain other transactions with, the Company and other affiliates, and on investments in their stock or other securities. These restrictions prevent the Company and the Bank's other affiliates from borrowing from the Bank unless the loans are secured by specified collateral, and require those transactions to have terms comparable to terms of arms-length transactions with third persons. In addition, secured loans and other transactions and investments by the Bank are generally limited in amount as to the Company and as to any other affiliate to 10 of the Bank's capital and surplus and as to the Company and all other affiliates together to an aggregate of 20 of the Bank's capital and surplus. Certain exemptions to these
limitations apply to extensions of credit and other transactions between the Bank and its subsidiaries. These regulations and restrictions may limit the Company's ability to obtain funds from the Bank for its cash needs, including funds for acquisitions and for payment of dividends, interest, and operating expenses. 

9 

Under Federal Reserve regulations, banks must adopt and maintain written policies that establish appropriate limits and standards for extensions of credit secured by liens or interests in real estate or are made for the purpose of financing permanent improvements to real estate. These policies must establish loan portfolio diversification standards; prudent underwriting standards, including loan-to-value limits, that are clear and measurable; loan administration procedures; and documentation, approval, and reporting requirements. A bank's real estate lending policy must reflect consideration of the Interagency Guidelines for Real Estate Lending Policies (the "Interagency Guidelines") adopted by the federal bank regulators. The Interagency Guidelines, among other things, call for internal loan-to-value limits for
real estate loans that are not in excess of the limits specified in the Guidelines. The Interagency Guidelines state, however, that it may be appropriate in individual cases to originate or purchase loans with loan-to-value ratios in excess of the supervisory loan-to-value limits. 

Sandy Spring Bank s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s risk-based assessment system, insured institutions are assigned to one of four risk categories based on supervisory evaluations, regulatory capital levels and certain other factors, with less risky institutions paying lower assessments. An institution s assessment rate depends upon the category to which it is assigned. Assessment rates currently range from seven to 77-1/2 basis points. No institution may pay a dividend if in default of the federal deposit insurance assessment. Pending rule changes would impose deposit insurance assessments on total assets less tangible equity instead of
deposits. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation imposed on all insured institutions a special emergency assessment of five basis points of total assets minus tier 1 capital, as of June 30, 2009 (capped at ten basis points of an institution s deposit assessment base), in order to cover losses to the Deposit Insurance Fund. That special assessment was collected on September 30, 2009. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation provided for similar assessments during the final two quarters of 2009, if deemed necessary. However, in lieu of further special assessments, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation required insured institutions to prepay estimated quarterly risk-based assessments for the fourth quarter of 2009 through the fourth quarter of 2012. The estimated assessments, which include an assumed annual assessment base increase of 5 , were recorded as a prepaid expense asset as of December 30, 2009. As of
December 31, 2009, and each quarter thereafter, a charge to earnings will be recorded for each regular assessment with an offsetting credit to the prepaid asset. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation has authority to increase insurance assessments. A significant increase in insurance premiums would likely have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of Sandy Spring Bank. Management cannot predict what insurance assessment rates will be in the future. 

Regulatory Capital Requirements 

The Federal Reserve has established guidelines for maintenance of appropriate levels of capital by bank holding companies and member banks. The regulations impose two sets of capital adequacy requirements: minimum leverage rules, which require bank holding companies and banks to maintain a specified minimum ratio of capital to total assets, and risk-based capital rules, which require the maintenance of specified minimum ratios of capital to risk-weighted assets. These capital regulations are subject to change. 

The regulations of the Federal Reserve require bank holding companies and member banks to maintain a minimum leverage ratio of "Tier 1 capital" (as defined in the risk-based capital guidelines discussed in the following paragraphs) to total assets of 3.0 . The capital regulations state, however, that only the strongest bank holding companies and banks, with composite examination ratings of 1 under the rating system used by the federal bank regulators, would be permitted to operate at or near this minimum level of capital. All other bank holding companies and banks are expected to maintain a leverage ratio of at least 1 to 2 above the minimum ratio, depending on the assessment of an individual organization's capital adequacy by its primary regulator. A bank or bank holding company experiencing or anticipating
significant growth is expected to maintain capital well above the minimum levels. In addition, the Federal Reserve has indicated that it also may consider the level of an organization's ratio of tangible Tier 1 capital (after deducting all intangibles) to total assets in making an overall assessment of capital. 

The risk-based capital rules of the Federal Reserve require bank holding companies and member banks to maintain minimum regulatory capital levels based upon a weighting of their assets and off-balance sheet obligations according to risk. The risk-based capital rules have two basic components: a core capital (Tier 1) requirement and a supplementary capital (Tier 2) requirement. Core capital consists primarily of common stockholders' equity, certain perpetual preferred stock (noncumulative perpetual preferred stock with respect to banks), and minority interests in the equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries; less all intangible assets, except for certain mortgage servicing rights and purchased credit card relationships. Supplementary capital elements include, subject to certain limitations, the allowance for
losses on loans and leases; perpetual preferred stock that does not qualify as Tier 1 capital; long-term preferred stock with an original maturity of at least 20 years from issuance; hybrid capital instruments, including perpetual debt and mandatory convertible securities; subordinated debt, intermediate-term preferred stock, and up to 45 of pre-tax net unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity securities. 

The Dodd-Frank Act requires the Federal Reserve Board to promulgate consolidated capital requirements for depository institution holding companies that are no less stringent, both quantitatively and in terms of components of capital, than those applicable to depository institutions themselves. Instruments such as cumulative preferred stock and trust preferred securities will no longer be includable as Tier 1 capital as is currently the case with bank holding companies. Instruments issued prior to May 19, 2010 will be grandfathered for companies with consolidated assets of 15 billion or less. 

10 

The risk-based capital regulations assign balance sheet assets and credit equivalent amounts of off-balance sheet obligations to one of four broad risk categories based principally on the degree of credit risk associated with the obligor. The assets and off-balance sheet items in the four risk categories are weighted at 0 , 20 , 50 and 100 . These computations result in the total risk-weighted assets. 

The risk-based capital regulations require all commercial banks and bank holding companies to maintain a minimum ratio of total capital to total risk-weighted assets of 8 , with at least 4 as core capital. For the purpose of calculating these ratios: (i) supplementary capital is limited to no more than 100 of core capital; and (ii) the aggregate amount of certain types of supplementary capital is limited. In addition, the risk-based capital regulations limit the allowance for credit losses that may be included in capital to 1.25 of total risk-weighted assets. 

The federal bank regulatory agencies have established a joint policy regarding the evaluation of commercial banks' capital adequacy for interest rate risk. Under the policy, the Federal Reserve's assessment of a bank's capital adequacy includes an assessment of the bank's exposure to adverse changes in interest rates. The Federal Reserve has determined to rely on its examination process for such evaluations rather than on standardized measurement systems or formulas. The Federal Reserve may require banks that are found to have a high level of interest rate risk exposure or weak interest rate risk management systems to take corrective actions. Management believes its interest rate risk management systems and its capital relative to its interest rate risk are adequate. 

Federal banking regulations also require banks with significant trading assets or liabilities to maintain supplemental risk-based capital based upon their levels of market risk. The Bank did not have significant levels of trading assets or liabilities during 2010, and was not required to maintain such supplemental capital. 

Well-capitalized institutions are not subject to limitations on brokered deposits, while an adequately capitalized institution is able to accept, renew, or rollover brokered deposits only with a waiver from the FDIC and subject to certain restrictions on the yield paid on such deposits. Undercapitalized institutions are not permitted to accept brokered deposits. 

The Federal Reserve has established regulations that classify banks by capital levels and provide for the Federal Reserve to take various "prompt corrective actions" to resolve the problems of any bank that fails to satisfy the capital standards. Under these regulations, a well-capitalized bank is one that is not subject to any regulatory order or directive to meet any specific capital level and that has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10 or more, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6 or more, and a leverage ratio of 5 or more. An adequately capitalized bank is one that does not qualify as well-capitalized but meets or exceeds the following capital requirements: a total risk-based capital ratio of 8 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4 , and a leverage ratio of either (i) 4 or (ii) 3 if
the bank has the highest composite examination rating. A bank that does not meet these standards is categorized as undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, or critically undercapitalized, depending on its capital levels. A bank that falls within any of the three undercapitalized categories established by the prompt corrective action regulation is subject to severe regulatory sanctions. As of December 31, 2010, the Bank was well-capitalized as defined in the Federal Reserve's regulations. 

For information regarding the Company's and the Bank's compliance with their respective regulatory capital requirements, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Management of this report, and Note 11-Subordinated Debentures, and "Note 23 Regulatory Matters" of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this report. 

Supervision and Regulation of Mortgage Banking Operations 

The Company's mortgage banking business is subject to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development ("HUD"), the Federal Housing Administration ("FHA"), the Veterans' Administration ("VA"), and the Fannie Mae with respect to originating, processing, selling and servicing mortgage loans. Those rules and regulations, among other things, prohibit discrimination and establish underwriting guidelines, which include provisions for inspections and appraisals, require credit reports on prospective borrowers, and fix maximum loan amounts. Lenders such as the Company are required annually to submit audited financial statements to Fannie Mae, FHA and VA. Each of these regulatory entities has its own financial requirements. The Company's affairs are also subject to examination by the
Federal Reserve, Fannie Mae, FHA and VA at all times to assure compliance with the applicable regulations, policies and procedures. Mortgage origination activities are subject to, among others, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Federal Truth-in-Lending Act, Fair Housing Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, the National Flood Insurance Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and related regulations that prohibit discrimination and require the disclosure of certain basic information to mortgagors concerning credit terms and settlement costs. The Company's mortgage banking operations also are affected by various state and local laws and regulations and the requirements of various private mortgage investors. 

11 

Community Reinvestment 

Under the Community Reinvestment Act CRA ), a financial institution has a continuing and affirmative obligation to help meet the credit needs of the entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions, or limit an institution s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community. However, institutions are rated on their performance in meeting the needs of their communities. Performance is tested in three areas: (a) lending, to evaluate the institution s record of making loans in its assessment areas; (b) investment, to evaluate the institution s record of investing in
community development projects, affordable housing, and programs benefiting low or moderate income individuals and businesses; and (c) service, to evaluate the institution s delivery of services through its branches, ATMs and other offices. The CRA requires each federal banking agency, in connection with its examination of a financial institution, to assess and assign one of four ratings to the institution s record of meeting the credit needs of the community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of certain applications by the institution, including applications for charters, branches and other deposit facilities, relocations, mergers, consolidations, acquisitions of assets or assumptions of liabilities, and savings and loan holding company acquisitions. The CRA also requires that all institutions make public, disclosure of their CRA ratings. The Bank was assigned a satisfactory rating as a result of its last
CRA examination. 

Bank Secrecy Act 

Under the Bank Secrecy Act BSA ), a financial institution is required to have systems in place to detect certain transactions, based on the size and nature of the transaction. Financial institutions are generally required to report cash transactions involving more than 10,000 to the United States Treasury. In addition, financial institutions are required to file suspicious activity reports for transactions that involve more than 5,000 and which the financial institution knows, suspects, or has reason to suspect involves illegal funds, is designed to evade the requirements of the BSA, or has no lawful purpose. The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act, commonly referred to as the "USA Patriot Act" or the "Patriot Act,
enacted prohibitions against specified financial transactions and account relationships, as well as enhanced due diligence standards intended to prevent the use of the United States financial system for money laundering and terrorist financing activities. The Patriot Act requires banks and other depository institutions, brokers, dealers and certain other businesses involved in the transfer of money to establish anti-money laundering programs, including employee training and independent audit requirements meeting minimum standards specified by the act, to follow standards for customer identification and maintenance of customer identification records, and to compare customer lists against lists of suspected terrorists, terrorist organizations and money launderers. The Patriot Act also requires federal bank regulators to evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in combating money laundering in determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition. 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley established a broad range of corporate governance and accounting measures intended to increase corporate responsibility and protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of disclosures under federal securities laws. The Company is subject to Sarbanes-Oxley because it is required to file periodic reports with the SEC under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Among other things, Sarbanes-Oxley, its implementing regulations and related Nasdaq Stock Market rules have established membership requirements and additional responsibilities for the Company s audit committee, imposed restrictions on the relationship between the Company and its outside auditors (including restrictions on the types of non-audit services our auditors may
provide to us), imposed additional financial statement certification responsibilities for the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer, expanded the disclosure requirements for corporate insiders, required management to evaluate the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and its internal control over financial reporting, and required the Company s auditors to issue a report on our internal control over financial reporting. 

Regulatory Restructuring Legislation 

On July 21, 2010, President Obama signed the The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), which is legislation that restructures the regulation of depository institutions. The Dodd-Frank Act provides for the creation of a new agency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, as an independent bureau of the Federal Reserve Board, to take over the implementation of federal consumer financial protection and fair lending laws from the depository institution regulators. However, institutions of 10 billion or fewer in assets will continue to be examined for compliance with such laws and regulations by, and to be subject to the primary enforcement authority of, their primary federal regulator. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act, among
other things, requires changes in the way that institutions are assessed for deposit insurance, requires that originators of securitized loans retain a percentage of the risk for the transferred loans, directs the Federal Reserve Board to regulate pricing of certain debit card interchange fees, and contains a number of reforms related to mortgage originations. Many of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act contain delayed effective dates and/or require the issuance of regulations. As a result, it will be some time before their impact on operations can be assessed by management. However, there is a significant possibility that the Dodd-Frank Act will, at a minimum, result in an increased regulatory burden and higher compliance, operating, and possibly, interest costs for the Company and the Bank. 

Other Laws and Regulations 

Some of the aspects of the lending and deposit business of the Bank that are subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC include reserve requirements and disclosure requirements in connection with personal and mortgage loans and deposit accounts. The Bank s federal student lending activities are subject to regulation and examination by the United States Department of Education. In addition, the Bank is subject to numerous federal and state laws and regulations that include specific restrictions and procedural requirements with respect to the establishment of branches, investments, interest rates on loans, credit practices, the disclosure of credit terms, and discrimination in credit transactions. 

12 

Enforcement Actions 

Federal statutes and regulations provide financial institution regulatory agencies with great flexibility to undertake an enforcement action against an institution that fails to comply with regulatory requirements. Possible enforcement actions range from the imposition of a capital plan and capital directive to civil money penalties, cease-and-desist orders, receivership, conservatorship, or the termination of the deposit insurance. 

Executive Officers 

The following listing sets forth the name, age (as of February 28, 2011), principal position and recent business experience of each executive officer: 

R. Louis Caceres, 48, Executive Vice President of the Bank. Mr. Caceres was made Executive Vice President of the Bank in 2002. Prior to that, Mr. Caceres was a Senior Vice President of the Bank. 

Ronald E. Kuykendall, 58, became Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company and the Bank in 2002. Prior to that, Mr. Kuykendall was General Counsel and Secretary of the Company and Senior Vice President of the Bank. 

Philip J. Mantua, CPA, 52, became Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and the Bank in 2004. Prior to that, Mr. Mantua was Senior Vice President of Managerial Accounting. 

Joseph J. O'Brien, Jr., 47, joined the Bank in July 2007 as Executive Vice President. On January 1, 2008 he became president of the Northern Virginia Market. Prior to joining the Bank Mr. O'Brien was Executive Vice President and senior lender for a local banking institution. 

Daniel J. Schrider, 46, became President of the Company and the Bank effective March 26, 2008 and Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2009. Prior to that, Mr. Schrider served as an Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer of the Bank. 

John D. Sadowski, 47, became Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of the Bank on February 1, 2011. Prior to that, Mr. Sadowski served as a Senior Vice President of the Bank. 

Jeffrey A. Welch, 51, became an Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer of the Bank in 2008. Prior to joining the Bank, Mr. Welch served as a Senior Vice President of Commerce Bank. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing in our common stock involves risks. You should carefully consider the following risk factors before you decide to make an investment decision regarding our stock. The risk factors may cause our future earnings to be lower or our financial condition to be less favorable than we expect. In addition, other risks of which we are not aware, or which we do not believe are material, may cause earnings to be lower, or may hurt our financial condition. You should also consider the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as in the documents incorporated by reference into it. 

Changes in U.S. or regional economic conditions could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or profitability. 

Our business activities and earnings are affected by general business conditions in the United States and in our local market area. These conditions include short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, unemployment levels, consumer confidence and spending, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, and the strength of the economy in the United States generally and in our market area in particular. The national economy recently experienced a recession, with rising unemployment levels, declines in real estate values and an erosion in consumer confidence. Dramatic declines in the U.S. housing market over the past few years, with falling home prices and increasing foreclosures, have negatively affected the performance of mortgage loans and resulted in significant
write-downs of asset values by many financial institutions. Continued elevated levels of unemployment, further declines in the values of real estate, or other events that affect household and/or corporate incomes could impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans in accordance with their terms and reduce demand for our products and services. 

Changes in local economic conditions could adversely affect our business. 

Our commercial and commercial real estate lending operations are concentrated in Anne Arundel, Carroll, Frederick, Howard, Montgomery, and Prince George s counties in Maryland, and Fairfax and Loudoun counties in Virginia. Our success depends in part upon economic conditions in these markets. Adverse changes in economic conditions in these markets could reduce our growth in loans and deposits, impair our ability to collect our loans, increase our problem loans and charge-offs and otherwise negatively affect our performance and financial condition. Recent declines in real estate values could cause some of our residential and commercial real estate loans to be inadequately collateralized, which would expose us to a greater risk of loss in the event that we seek to recover on defaulted loans by selling the
real estate collateral. 

13 

We may not successfully execute our plan to return to profitability 

While we were profitable for the year ended December 31, 2010, we had a net loss available to common stockholders of approximately 19.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2009. We plan to continue to remain profitable on a long-term basis by stabilizing and reducing our level of non-performing assets, enhancing our capital and liquidity, and increasing the operating income of our core community banking franchise. There can be no assurance that we will continue to remain profitable. 

Our allowance for loan and lease losses may not be adequate to cover our actual loan and lease losses, which could adversely affect our earnings. 

We maintain an allowance for loan and lease losses in an amount that we believe is adequate to provide for probable losses inherent in the portfolio. While we strive to monitor credit quality and to identify loans and leases that may become non-performing, at any time there are loans and leases included in the portfolio that will result in losses, but that have not been identified as non-performing or potential problem credits. We cannot be sure that we will be able to identify deteriorating credits prior to them becoming non-performing assets, or that we will have the ability to limit losses on those loans and leases that are identified. As a result, future additions to the allowance may be necessary. Additionally, future additions may be required based on changes in the loans and leases comprising the portfolio
and changes in the financial condition of borrowers, that may result from a change in economic conditions, or as a result of assumptions by management in determining the allowance. Additionally, federal banking regulators, as an integral part of their supervisory function, periodically review our allowance for loan and lease losses. These regulatory agencies may require us to increase our provision for loan and lease losses or to recognize further loan or lease charge-offs based upon their judgments, which may differ from ours. Any increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses could have a negative effect on the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

If our non-performing assets increase, our earnings will suffer. 

At December 31, 2010, our non-performing assets totaled 97.7 million, or 2.78 , of total assets, compared to non-performing assets of 141.2 million, or 3.89 of total assets at December 31, 2009. Our non-performing assets adversely affect our net income in various ways. We do not record interest income on non-accrual loans or other real estate owned. We must reserve for probable losses on loans and leases, which is established through a current period charge to the provision for loan and lease losses and from time to time and must write-down the value of properties in our other real estate owned portfolio to reflect changing market values. Additionally, there are legal fees associated with the resolution of problem assets as well as carrying costs such as taxes, insurance and maintenance related to
other real estate owned. Further, the resolution of non-performing assets requires the active involvement of management, which can distract them from more profitable activity. Finally, if our estimate for the recorded allowance for loan and lease losses proves to be incorrect and our allowance is inadequate, we will have to increase the allowance accordingly and as a result our earnings would be adversely affected. A further downturn in the market areas we serve could increase our credit risk associated with our loan portfolio, as it could have a material adverse effect on both the ability of borrowers to repay loans as well as the value of the real property or other property held as collateral for such loans. There can be no assurance that we will not experience further increases in non-performing loans in the future, or that our non-performing assets will not result in further losses in the future. 

We are subject to certain risks related to originating and selling mortgage loans. 

We originate and often sell mortgage loans. When we sell mortgage loans, we are required to make customary representations and warranties to the purchaser about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated. Our whole loan sale agreements require us to repurchase or substitute mortgage loans in the event we breach any of these representations or warranties. In addition, we may be required to repurchase mortgage loans as a result of borrower fraud or in the event of early payment default of the borrower on a mortgage loan. We have received a limited number of repurchase and indemnity demands from purchasers as a result of borrower fraud and early payment default of the borrower on mortgage loans. As a result, we have adjusted the amount of accrued losses for repurchases. While we have taken steps
to enhance our underwriting policies and procedures, these steps may not be effective or reduce the risk associated with loans sold in the past. If repurchase and indemnity demands increase materially, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

When we originate a mortgage loan, we do so with the expectation that if the borrower defaults then our ultimate loss is mitigated by the value of the collateral that secures the mortgage loan. Our ability to mitigate our losses on defaulted loans depends upon our ability to promptly foreclose upon the collateral after an appropriate cure period. In some states, the large number of mortgage foreclosures that have occurred has resulted in delays in foreclosing. Any delay in the foreclosure process will adversely affect us by increasing our expenses related to carrying such assets, such as taxes, insurance, and other carrying costs, and exposes us to losses as a result of potential additional declines in the value of such collateral. 

Changes in interest rates and other factors beyond our control may adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. 

Our net income depends to a great extent upon the level of our net interest income. Changes in interest rates can increase or decrease net interest income and net income. Net interest income is the difference between the interest income we earn on loans, investments, and other interest-earning assets, and the interest we pay on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. Net interest income is affected by changes in market interest rates, because different types of assets and liabilities may react differently, and at different times, to market interest rate changes. When interest-bearing liabilities mature or re-price more quickly than interest-earning assets in a period, an increase in market rates of interest could reduce net interest income. Similarly, when interest-earning assets mature or
re-price more quickly than interest-bearing liabilities, falling interest rates could reduce net interest income. 

14 

Changes in market interest rates are affected by many factors beyond our control, including inflation, unemployment, money supply, international events, and events in world financial markets. We attempt to manage our risk from changes in market interest rates by adjusting the rates, maturity, re-pricing, and balances of the different types of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, but interest rate risk management techniques are not exact. As a result, a rapid increase or decrease in interest rates could have an adverse effect on our net interest margin and results of operations. Changes in the market interest rates for types of products and services in our various markets also may vary significantly from location to location and over time based upon competition and local or regional economic
factors. At December 31, 2010, our interest rate sensitivity simulation model projected that net interest income would decrease by 0.15 if interest rates immediately rose by 200 basis points. The results of our interest rate sensitivity simulation model depend upon a number of assumptions which may not prove to be accurate. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully manage our interest rate risk. 

Our investment securities portfolio is subject to credit risk, market risk, and liquidity risk. 

The investment securities portfolio has risks factors beyond our control that may significantly influence its fair value. These risk factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency downgrades of the securities, defaults of the issuers of the securities, lack of market pricing of the securities, and instability in the credit markets. Lack of market activity with respect to some securities has, in certain circumstances, required us to base our fair market valuation on unobservable inputs. Any changes in these risk factors, in current accounting principles or interpretations of these principles could impact our assessment of fair value and thus our determination of other-than-temporary impairment of the securities in our investment securities portfolio. Investment securities that were determined to be
other-than-temporarily impaired could require further write-downs the securities due to continued erosion of the creditworthiness of the underlying issuer which could affect our earnings and regulatory capital ratios. 

We are subject to liquidity risks. 

Market conditions could negatively affect the level or cost of liquidity available to us, which would affect our ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, and fund asset growth and new business transactions at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner, and without adverse consequences. Core deposits and Federal Home Loan Bank advances are our primary source of funding. A significant decrease in our core deposits, an inability to renew Federal Home Loan Bank advances, an inability to obtain alternative funding to core deposits or Federal Home Loan Bank advances, or a substantial, unexpected, or prolonged change in the level or cost of liquidity could have a negative effect on our business and financial condition. 

Potential impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill could negatively impact our earnings and capital. 

At December 31, 2010, we had goodwill totaling 76.8 million. Goodwill is initially recorded at fair value and is not amortized, but is reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Given the current economic environment and conditions in the financial markets, we could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill prior to our normal annual assessment if we experience disruption in our business, unexpected significant declines in our operating results, or sustained market capitalization declines. These types of events and the resulting analyses could result in goodwill impairment charges in the future. These non-cash impairment charges could adversely affect our results of operations
in future periods. A goodwill impairment charge does not adversely affect any of our regulatory capital ratios or our tangible capital ratio. Based on our analyses, we determined that the fair value of our reporting units exceeded the carrying value of our assets and liabilities and, therefore, goodwill was not considered impaired at December 31, 2010. 

We rely on our management and other key personnel, and the loss of any of them may adversely affect our operations. 

We are and will continue to be dependent upon the services of our executive management team. In addition, we will continue to depend on our ability to retain and recruit key client relationship managers. The unexpected loss of services of any key management personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

The market price for our common stock may be volatile. 

The market price for our common stock has fluctuated, ranging between 8.41 and 18.55 per share during the 12 months ended December 31, 2010. The overall market and the price of our common stock may experience volatility. There may be a significant impact on the market price for our common stock due to, among other things: 

past and future dividend practice; 

financial condition, performance, creditworthiness and prospects; 

quarterly variations in our operating results or the quality of our assets; 

operating results that vary from the expectations of management, securities analysts and investors; 

changes in expectations as to our future financial performance; 

announcements of innovations, new products, strategic developments, significant contracts, acquisitions and other material events by us or our competitors; 

15 

the operating and securities price performance of other companies that investors believe are comparable to us; 

future sales of our equity or equity-related securities; 

the credit, mortgage and housing markets, the markets for securities relating to mortgages or housing, and developments with respect to financial institutions generally; and 

changes in global financial markets and global economies and general market conditions, such as interest or foreign exchange rates, stock, commodity or real estate valuations or volatility or other geopolitical, regulatory or judicial events. 

There can be no assurance that a more active or consistent trading market in our common stock will develop. As a result, relatively small trades could have a significant impact on the price of our common stock. 

We may fail to realize the cost savings we estimate for mergers and acquisitions. 

The success of our mergers and acquisitions may depend, in part, on our ability to realize the estimated cost savings from combining the businesses. It is possible that the potential cost savings could turn out to be more difficult to achieve than we anticipated. Our cost savings estimates also depend on our ability to combine the businesses in a manner that permits those cost savings to be realized. If our estimates turn out to be incorrect or we are not able to combine successfully, the anticipated cost savings may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. 

Combining acquired businesses with Sandy Spring may be more difficult, costly, or time-consuming than we expect, or could result in the loss of customers. 

It is possible that the process of merger integration of acquired companies could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing business or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect the ability to maintain relationships with clients and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger or acquisition. There also may be disruptions that cause us to lose customers or cause customers to withdraw their deposits. Customers may not readily accept changes to their banking arrangements or other customer relationships after the merger or acquisition. 

Competition may decrease our growth or profits. 

We compete for loans, deposits, and investment dollars with other banks and other financial institutions and enterprises, such as securities firms, insurance companies, savings associations, credit unions, mortgage brokers, and private lenders, many of which have substantially greater resources than ours. Credit unions have federal tax exemptions, which may allow them to offer lower rates on loans and higher rates on deposits than taxpaying financial institutions such as commercial banks. In addition, non-depository institution competitors are generally not subject to the extensive regulation applicable to institutions that offer federally insured deposits. Other institutions may have other competitive advantages in particular markets or may be willing to accept lower profit margins on certain products. These
differences in resources, regulation, competitive advantages, and business strategy may decrease our net interest margin, increase our operating costs, and may make it harder for us to compete profitably. 

Government regulation significantly affects our business. 

The banking industry is heavily regulated. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect the federal deposit insurance funds and depositors, not shareholders. Sandy Spring Bank is subject to regulation and supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and by Maryland banking authorities. Sandy Spring Bancorp is subject to regulation and supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. The burdens imposed by federal and state regulations put banks at a competitive disadvantage compared to less regulated competitors such as finance companies, mortgage banking companies, and leasing companies. Changes in the laws, regulations, and regulatory practices affecting the banking industry may increase our costs of doing business or otherwise adversely affect us and create
competitive advantages for others. Regulations affecting banks and financial services companies undergo continuous change, and we cannot predict the ultimate effect of these changes, which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability or financial condition. Federal economic and monetary policy may also affect our ability to attract deposits and other funding sources, make loans and investments, and achieve satisfactory interest spreads. 

Our ability to pay dividends is limited by law and contract. 

Our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders largely depends on Sandy Spring Bancorp s receipt of dividends from Sandy Spring Bank. The amount of dividends that Sandy Spring Bank may pay to Sandy Spring Bancorp is limited by federal laws and regulations. The ability of Sandy Spring Bank to pay dividends is also subject to its profitability, financial condition and cash flow requirements. There is no assurance that Sandy Spring Bank will be able to pay dividends to Sandy Spring Bancorp in the future. We may decide to limit the payment of dividends even when we have the legal ability to pay them in order to retain earnings for use in our business. We also are prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock if the required payments on our subordinated debentures have not been
made. 

Restrictions on unfriendly acquisitions could prevent a takeover. 

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could discourage takeover attempts that are not approved by the board of directors. The Maryland General Corporation Law includes provisions that make an acquisition of Sandy Spring Bancorp more difficult. These provisions may prevent a future takeover attempt in which our shareholders otherwise might receive a substantial premium for their shares over then-current market prices. 

16 

These provisions include supermajority provisions for the approval of certain business combinations and certain provisions relating to meetings of shareholders. Our certificate of incorporation also authorizes the issuance of additional shares without shareholder approval on terms or in circumstances that could deter a future takeover attempt. 

Future sales of our common stock or other securities may dilute the value and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

In many situations, our board of directors has the authority, without any vote of our shareholders, to issue shares of our authorized but unissued stock, including shares authorized and unissued under our omnibus stock plan. In the future, we may issue additional securities, through public or private offerings, in order to raise additional capital. Any such issuance would dilute the percentage of ownership interest of existing shareholders and may dilute the per share book value of the common stock. In addition, option holders may exercise their options at a time when we would otherwise be able to obtain additional equity capital on more favorable terms. 

Changes in the Federal or State tax laws may negatively impact our financial performance. 

The Company is subject to changes in tax law that could increase the effective tax rate payable to the state or federal government. These law changes may be retroactive to previous periods and as a result, could negatively affect the current and future financial performance of the Company. 

Volatile and illiquid financial markets resulting from a significant event in the market may hinder our ability to increase or maintain our current liquidity position. 

Financial concerns in broad based financial sectors such as mortgage banking or homebuilding may result in a volatile and illiquid bond market and may reduce or eliminate the Company s ability to pledge certain types of assets to increase or maintain its liquidity position. A decline in the Company s liquidity position may hinder its ability to grow the balance sheet through internally generated loan growth or through acquisitions. 

We may be subject to litigation risk. 

In the normal course of business, the Company may become involved in litigation, the outcome of which may have a direct material impact on our financial position and daily operations. 

Our financial results may be subject to the impact of changes in accounting standards or interpretation of new or existing standards. 

From time to time the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB and the SEC change accounting regulations and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Company s financial statements. In addition, the FASB, SEC, bank regulators and the outside independent auditors may revise their previous interpretations regarding existing accounting regulations and the application of these accounting standards. These revisions in their interpretations are out of the Company s control and may have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

Item 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company s headquarters is located in Olney, Maryland. As of December 31, 2010, Sandy Spring Bank owned 13 of its 43 full-service community banking centers and leased the remaining banking centers. See Note 6 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

In the normal course of business, the Company becomes involved in litigation arising from the banking, financial, and other activities it conducts. Management, after consultation with legal counsel, does not anticipate that the ultimate liability, if any, arising out of these matters will have a material effect on the Company's financial condition, operating results or liquidity. 

Item 4. [RESERVED] 

17 

PART II 

Item 5. 

MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Stock Listing 

Common shares of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol SASR . At February 17, 2011 there were 2,564 holders of record of the Company s common stock. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

Registrar and Transfer Company, 10 Commerce Drive, Cranford, New Jersey 07016-3572. 

Dividends 

The dividend amount is established by the board of directors each quarter. In making its decision on dividends, the board considers operating results, financial condition, capital adequacy, regulatory requirements, shareholder returns, and other factors. Dividends increased to .08 per share in the first quarter of 2011 due to Company s improved operating results. Shareholders received quarterly cash common dividends totaling 0.9 million in 2010. Dividends paid on common stock totaled 6.1 million and exceeded net income available to common shareholders in 2009. The dividend rate was reduced to .01 per share during 2009 in an effort to preserve the Company s capital and remained at that level throughout 2010. 

Share Transactions with Employees 

Shares issued under the employee stock purchase plan, which commenced on July 1, 2001, totaled 33,826 in 2010 and 40,598 in 2009, while issuances pursuant to exercises of stock options and grants of restricted stock were 45,975 and 11,574 in the respective years. Shares issued under the director stock purchase plan totaled 3,709 shares in 2010 and 2,988 shares in 2009. 

Quarterly Stock Information 

The following table provides stock price activity and dividend payment information for the periods indicated: 

2010 

2009 

Stock Price Range 

Per Share 

Stock Price Range 

Per Share 

Quarter 

Low 

High 

Dividend 

Low 

High 

Dividend 

1 st 

8.41 

15.01 

0.01 

6.50 

22.48 

0.12 

2 nd 

13.97 

17.90 

0.01 

10.59 

17.13 

0.12 

3 rd 

13.90 

17.19 

0.01 

14.33 

17.92 

0.12 

4 th 

15.60 

18.55 

0.01 

8.19 

16.61 

0.01 

Total 

0.04 

0.37 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock in the quarter ended December 31, 2010 and does not currently have a stock repurchase program. As a result of participating in the Department of the Treasury s Troubled Asset Relief Program TARP Capital Purchase Program, until December 5, 2010, the Company could not repurchase any shares of its common stock, other than in connection with the administration of an employee benefit plan, without the consent of the Treasury Department . 

18 

Total Return Comparison 

The following graph and table show the cumulative total return on the common stock of the Company over the last five years, compared with the cumulative total return of a broad stock market index (the Standard and Poor s 500 Index or S P 500 ), and a narrower index of Mid-Atlantic bank holding company peers with assets of 2 billion to 7 billion. The cumulative total return on the stock or the index equals the total increase in value since December 31, 2005, assuming reinvestment of all dividends paid into the stock or the index. The graph and table were prepared assuming that 100 was invested on December 31, 2005, in the common stock and the securities included in the indexes. 

December 31, 

Index 

2005 

2006 

2007 

2008 

2009 

2010 

Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. 

100.00 

112.15 

84.19 

69.04 

28.91 

60.09 

S P 500 

100.00 

115.79 

122.16 

76.96 

97.33 

111.99 

SASR Peer Group Index 

100.00 

109.26 

83.96 

89.13 

58.15 

74.05 

The Peer Group Index includes twenty publicly traded bank holding companies, other than the Company, headquartered in the Mid-Atlantic region and with assets of 2 billion to 7 billion. The companies included in this index are: The Bancorp, Inc. (PA); BNC Bancorp (NC); Burke and Herbert Bank Trust Company (VA); Cardinal Financial Corporation (VA); Carter Bank Trust (VA); City Holding Company (WV); Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (MD); First Bancorp (NC); First Commonwealth Financial Corp. (PA), First Community Bancshares, Inc. (VA); First Financial Bancorp (OH); FNB Financial Corp. (NC); Hampton Roads Bankshares, Inc. (VA); Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. (NJ); Metro Bancorp, Inc. (PA); Peoples Bancorp, Inc. (OH); S T Bancorp, Inc. (PA); Stellar One Company (VA); Sun Bancorp, Inc. (NJ); Towne
Bank (VA); Union First Market Bankshares Corporation (VA); Univest Company of Pennsylvania (PA); Virginia Commerce Bancorp, Inc. (VA); Wesbanco, Inc. (WV); and Yadkin Valley Financial Corp. (NC). Returns are weighted according to the issuer s stock market capitalization at the beginning of each year shown. 

19 

Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table presents disclosure regarding equity compensation plans in existence at December 31, 2010, consisting only of the 1999 Stock Option Plan (expired but with outstanding options that may still be exercised) and the 2005 Omnibus Stock Plan, each of which was approved by the shareholders. 

Plan category 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

722,367 

32.47 

1,112,064 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

722,367 

32.47 

1,112,064 

20 

Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Results of Operations: 

Tax-equivalent interest income 

153,185 

160,069 

173,389 

186,481 

159,686 

Interest expense 

32,742 

51,522 

60,386 

76,149 

58,687 

Tax-equivalent net interest income 

120,443 

108,547 

113,003 

110,332 

100,999 

Tax-equivalent adjustment 

4,836 

4,839 

4,544 

5,506 

6,243 

Provision for loan and lease losses 

25,908 

76,762 

33,192 

4,094 

2,795 

Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses 

89,699 

26,946 

75,267 

100,732 

91,961 

Non-interest income 

45,993 

45,287 

46,237 

44,279 

38,895 

Non-interest expenses 

103,123 

103,085 

102,083 

99,778 

85,096 

Income (loss) before taxes 

32,569 

(30,852) 

19,421 

45,233 

45,760 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

9,049 

(15,997) 

3,642 

12,971 

12,889 

Net income (loss) 

23,520 

(14,855) 

15,779 

32,262 

32,871 

Net income (loss) available to common stockholders 

17,371 

(19,665) 

15,445 

32,262 

32,871 

Per Share Data: 

Net income (loss) - basic per share 

1.05 

(0.90) 

0.96 

2.01 

2.22 

Net income (loss) - basic per common share 

0.78 

(1.20) 

0.94 

2.01 

2.22 

Net income (loss) -diluted per share 

1.05 

(0.90) 

0.96 

2.01 

2.20 

Net income (loss) - diluted per common share 

0.78 

(1.20) 

0.94 

2.01 

2.20 

Dividends declared per common share 

0.04 

0.37 

0.96 

0.92 

0.88 

Book value per common share 

16.95 

17.80 

19.05 

19.31 

16.04 

Dividends declared to diluted net income per common share 

5.13 

(30.83) 

102.12 

45.77 

40.00 

Period End Balances: 

Assets 

3,519,388 

3,630,478 

3,313,638 

3,043,953 

2,610,457 

Loans and leases 

2,156,232 

2,298,010 

2,490,646 

2,277,031 

1,805,579 

Investment securities 

1,042,943 

1,023,799 

492,491 

445,273 

540,908 

Deposits 

2,549,872 

2,696,842 

2,365,257 

2,273,868 

1,994,223 

Borrowings 

537,001 

535,646 

522,658 

426,525 

351,540 

Stockholders equity 

407,569 

373,586 

391,862 

315,640 

237,777 

Average Balances: 

Assets 

3,612,988 

3,557,234 

3,152,586 

2,935,451 

2,563,673 

Loans and leases 

2,236,885 

2,416,470 

2,420,040 

2,113,476 

1,788,702 

Investment securities 

1,039,126 

824,802 

428,479 

495,928 

559,350 

Deposits 

2,611,009 

2,599,284 

2,284,648 

2,253,979 

1,866,346 

Borrowings 

534,629 

535,272 

513,237 

361,884 

451,251 

Stockholders equity 

441,195 

389,221 

324,995 

290,224 

229,360 

Performance Ratios: 

Return on average assets 

0.48 

(0.55) 

0.49 

1.10 

1.28 

Return on average common equity 

4.56 

(6.35) 

4.84 

11.12 

14.33 

Yield on average interest-earning assets 

4.58 

4.85 

6.02 

6.98 

6.73 

Rate on average interest-bearing liabilities 

1.27 

1.97 

2.56 

3.50 

3.08 

Net interest spread 

3.31 

2.88 

3.46 

3.48 

3.65 

Net interest margin 

3.60 

3.29 

3.92 

4.13 

4.26 

Efficiency ratio GAAP (1) 

63.81 

69.19 

65.99 

66.92 

63.67 

Efficiency ratio Non-GAAP (1) 

60.89 

64.82 

59.88 

61.91 

58.71 

Capital Ratios: 

Tier 1 leverage 

10.30 

9.09 

11.00 

8.87 

9.81 

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 

14.11 

12.01 

12.56 

10.28 

12.64 

Total regulatory capital to risk-weighted assets 

15.37 

13.27 

13.82 

11.28 

13.62 

Tangible common equity to tangible assets - Non-GAAP (2) 

9.51 

5.95 

7.18 

7.57 

8.45 

Average equity to average assets 

12.21 

10.94 

10.31 

9.89 

8.95 

Credit Quality Ratios: 

Allowance for loan losses to loans and leases 

2.88 

2.81 

2.03 

1.10 

1.08 

Non-performing loans to total loans 

4.08 

5.82 

2.79 

1.51 

0.21 

Non-performing assets to total assets 

2.78 

3.89 

2.18 

1.15 

0.15 

Net charge-offs to average loans and leases 

1.27 

2.61 

0.32 

0.06 

0.01 

(1) 

See the discussion of the efficiency ratio in the section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations entitled Operating Expense Performance. 

(2) 

See the discussion of tangible common equity in the section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations entitled Tangible Common Equity. 

21 

Item 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview 

Net income available to common stockholders for Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2010, totaled 17.4 million 0.78 per diluted common share), compared to a net loss available to common stockholders of 19.7 million 1.20 per diluted common share) for the prior year. These results reflect the following events: 

During 2010, the Company redeemed the full amount of the preferred stock issued under the TARP Capital Purchase Program which totaled 83,094 shares or 80.1 million net of the discount. During 2010, the Company recorded charges of 3.0 million representing the remaining unamortized discount and charges of 3.1 million for dividends on the preferred stock. On February 23, 2011 the Company repurchased the warrant issued to the U. S. Treasury in conjunction with the issuance of the preferred stock discussed above for 4.5 million which is not reflected in our financial statements as of December 31, 2010. 

An 11 increase in net interest income due primarily to a decline in rates paid on deposits, which more than offset a decrease in the yield on interest-earning assets. While a lack of new loan generation, caused largely by the current state of the economy, caused downward pressure on the margin, this was somewhat offset by the decline in average non-performing loans. These factors resulted in a net interest margin increase to 3.60 in 2010 from 3.29 in 2009. 

A decrease in the provision for loan and lease losses to 25.9 million in 2010 from 76.8 million in 2009 due mainly to lower charge-offs, decreases in internal risk rating downgrades and specific reserves on a reduced level of non-performing loans. 

Non-interest expenses remained level compared to the prior year. This included increases in salaries and benefits expenses and other non-interest expenses which were offset by declines in FDIC insurance expense and amortization of intangible assets. 

In 2010 the national and local economies began a slow turnaround which was affected by a number of factors and events. The equity markets exhibited volatility as concerns over the financial stability of several countries in Europe continued. In addition, the recently passed health care law, financial reform and tax legislation created a high degree of economic uncertainty among businesses of all sizes, which served to limit business expansion and employment. While positive economic indicators began to emerge late in 2010, these trends and events were reflected in the low demand for loans and a depressed real estate market that exerted pressure on virtually all facets of bank performance for the year. Despite this challenging business environment, the bank s management team continued to aggressively deal
with and resolve existing non-performing loans. These efforts were further reinforced by a significant reduction in the migration of new credits to non-performing status. 

The net interest margin increased to 3.60 in 2010 compared to 3.29 in 2009 as market rates remained at historically low levels throughout most of the year. Deposits at year-end decreased 5 compared to the prior year end. This decline occurred in the second half of 2010 as clients redeployed funds in the face of continuing low rates and rising equity markets. The loan portfolio decreased 6 in 2010 compared to the prior year-end due primarily to continued soft loan demand as a result of the factors mentioned above. The decrease in rates paid on deposits exceeded the decline in yields earned on loans. 

A strong level of liquidity was maintained during the past year through borrowing lines with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta and the Federal Reserve and the size of the investment portfolio. 

The Company experienced improvement in the level of credit risk during 2010 as non-performing assets decreased to 97.7 million from 141.2 million in 2009. This decrease was due primarily to the Company s aggressive efforts to resolve non-performing loans, particularly in its commercial real estate portfolio. 

Lastly, but as important, is capital adequacy. Despite the challenges discussed above, the Company has remained above all well-capitalized regulatory requirement levels. The Company issued common stock during 2010 which resulted in proceeds of 95.6 million, which more than offset the redemption of 83.1 million in preferred stock issued under TARP. 

Comparing December 31, 2010 balances to December 31, 2009, total assets decreased 3 to 3.5 billion. Loan balances decreased compared to the prior year due to decreases of 7 in commercial loans, 5 in consumer loans and 4 in residential mortgage and construction loans. Customer funding sources, which include deposits plus other short-term borrowings from core customers, decreased 5 compared to 2009. This decrease was due primarily to anticipated declines of 20 in certificates of deposit and 8 in money market accounts as clients redeployed funds due to low rates and rising equity markets. During the same period, stockholders equity increased to 407.6 million or 12 of total assets. 

Net interest income increased by 11.9 million, or 11 , mainly due to a decrease of 70 basis points in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, which exceeded the 27 basis point decline in the yield on interest-earning assets. In addition, another positive factor supporting the net interest margin was a decline in non-performing assets of 43.5 million from 141.2 million at December 31, 2009 to 97.7 million at December 31, 2010. Non-interest income increased by 2 to 46.0 million compared to the prior year. This increase was due primarily to an increase of 22 in fees on sales of investment products, due to higher sales of mutual funds and an increase of 9 in trust and investment management fees due to higher assets under management. These increases were somewhat offset by a decline of 10 in
service charges on deposits due to lower commercial account analysis fees and return check charges. Non-interest income totaled 28 of total revenue, which is composed of net interest income and non-interest income. 

22 

Non-interest expenses remained level compared to the prior year. Increases in salaries and benefits expenses and other non-interest expenses were largely offset by decreases in FDIC insurance expense and intangibles amortization. 

Non-performing assets reflected a significant decrease to 97.7 million at December 31, 2010 compared to 141.2 million at December 31, 2009. This decrease was due primarily to a decrease in non-accrual loans, particularly in the commercial real estate mortgage and construction portfolios as a result of charge-offs and pay-downs on existing problem credits and a substantial reduction in the migration of new credits to non-performing status. Non-performing assets represented 2.78 of total assets at year-end 2010, versus 3.89 at year-end 2009. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans and leases was 1.27 in 2010, compared to 2.61 in 2009. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP in the United States of America and follow general practices within the industry in which it operates. Application of these principles requires management to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates, assumptions, and judgments are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements; accordingly, as this information changes, the financial statements may reflect different estimates, assumptions, and judgments. Certain policies inherently rely to a greater extent on the use of estimates, assumptions, and judgments
and as such have a greater possibility of producing results that could be materially different than originally reported. Estimates, assumptions, and judgments are necessary for assets and liabilities that are required to be recorded at fair value. A decline in the assets required to be recorded at fair values will warrant an impairment write-down or valuation allowance to be established. Carrying assets and liabilities at fair value inherently results in more financial statement volatility. The fair values and the information used to record valuation adjustments for certain assets and liabilities are based either on quoted market prices or are provided by other third-party sources, when readily available. The following accounting policies, read in conjunction with the applicable portions of Note 1 Significant Accounting Polices of the Consolidated Financial Statements, comprise those policies that management
believes are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results: 

Allowance for loan and lease losses; 

Goodwill impairment; 

Accounting for income taxes; 

Fair value measurements, including assessment of other than temporary impairment; 

Defined benefit pension plan. 

Allowance for loan and lease losses 

The allowance for loan and lease losses is an estimate of the losses that are inherent in the loan and lease portfolio at the balance sheet date. The allowance is based on two basic principles of accounting: (1) the requirement that a loss be accrued when it is probable that the loss has occurred at the date of the financial statements and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated and (2) the requirement that losses, if any, be accrued when it is probable that the Company will not collect all principal and interest payments according to the loan s or lease s contractual terms. 

Management believes that the allowance is adequate. However, its determination requires significant judgment, and estimates of probable losses in the loan and lease portfolio can vary significantly from the amounts actually observed. While management uses available information to recognize probable losses, future additions or reductions to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in the loans and leases comprising the portfolio and changes in the financial condition of borrowers, such as may result from changes in economic conditions. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, and independent consultants engaged by the Company, periodically review the loan and lease portfolio and the allowance. Such review may result in additional provisions based
on their judgments of information available at the time of each examination. 

The Company s allowance for loan and lease losses has two basic components: a general reserve reflecting historical losses by loan category, as adjusted by several factors whose effects are not reflected in historical loss ratios, and specific allowances for separately identified loans. Each of these components, and the systematic allowance methodology used to establish them, are described in detail in Note 1 and Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. The amount of the allowance is reviewed monthly by the Credit Risk Committee of the board of directors and formally approved quarterly by that same committee of the board. 

23 

General reserves are based upon historical loss experience by portfolio segment measured, over the prior eight quarters, weighted so that losses realized in the most recent quarters have the greatest effect. The historical loss experience is supplemented to address various risk characteristics of the Company s loan portfolio including: 

trends in delinquencies and other non-performing loans; 

changes in the risk profile related to large loans in the portfolio; 

changes in the categories of loans comprising the loan portfolio; 

concentrations of loans to specific industry segments; 

changes in economic conditions on both a local and national level; 

changes in the Company s credit administration and loan portfolio management processes; and 

quality of the Company s credit risk identification processes. 

The general reserve comprised 94 of the total allowance at December 31, 2010 and 90 at December 31, 2009. 

The general reserve is calculated in two parts based on an internal risk classification of loans within each portfolio segment. Reserves on loans considered to be classified under regulatory guidance are calculated separately from loans considered to be pass rated under the same guidance. This segregation allows the Company to monitor the reserves applicable to higher risk loans separate from the remainder of the portfolio in order to better manage risk and ensure the sufficiency of reserves. 

The portion of the reserve representing specific allowances is derived by accumulating the specific allowances established on internally risk-rated individually impaired loans that have significant conditions or circumstances that indicate that a loss may be probable. Each risk rating category is assigned a credit risk factor based on management s estimate of the associated risk, complexity, and size of the individual loans within the category. Specific reserves are calculated on individually impaired loans and established based on the Company s calculation of the probable losses inherent in an individual loan. For loans on which the Company has not elected to use the collateral value as a basis to establish the measure of impairment, the Company measures impairment based on the
present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate. In determining the cash flows to be included in the discount calculation the Company considers a number of factors: 

the borrower s overall financial condition; 

resources and payment record; 

support available from financial guarantors; and 

the adequacy of collateral value and the ultimate realization of that value at liquidation. 

These factors combine to estimate the probability and severity of potential losses. At December 31, 2010, the specific allowance accounted for 6 of the total allowance as compared to 10 at December 31, 2009. The severity of estimated losses on impaired loans can differ substantially from actual losses. 

Goodwill impairment 

Goodwill is the excess of the fair value of liabilities assumed over the fair value of tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Impairment testing requires that the fair value of each of the Company s reporting units be compared to the carrying amount of its net assets, including goodwill. The Company s reporting units were identified based upon an analysis of each of its individual operating segments. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit requires the Company to use a high degree of subjectivity. If the fair values of the reporting units exceed their book values, no write-down of recorded
goodwill is necessary. If the fair value of a reporting unit is less than book value, an expense may be required to write down the related goodwill to the proper carrying value. The Company tests for impairment of goodwill as of October 1 of each year, and again at any quarter-end if any triggering events occur during a quarter that may affect goodwill. Examples of such events include, but are not limited to adverse action by a regulator or a loss of key personnel. The Company engages a third-party valuation firm to determine the fair value of the reporting units to utilize in the step one test for potential goodwill impairment. The Company and the valuation firm determined that a combination of the income approach and the market approach were most appropriate in valuing the fair value of the reporting units and determined that a step two test for impairment was not necessary. At December 31, 2010 there was no evidence of impairment of goodwill or
intangibles. 

Accounting for income taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes by recording deferred income taxes that reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Management exercises significant judgment in the evaluation of the amount and timing of the recognition of the resulting tax assets and liabilities. The judgments and estimates required for the evaluation are updated based upon changes in business factors and the tax laws. If actual results differ from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating the amount and timing of tax recognized, there can be no assurance that additional expenses will not be required in future periods. The Company s accounting policy follows the prescribed
authoritative guidance that a minimal probability threshold of a tax position must be met before a financial statement benefit is recognized. The Company recognized, when applicable, interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in other non-interest expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income/(Loss). Assessment of uncertain tax positions requires careful consideration of the technical merits of a position based on management s analysis of tax regulations and interpretations. Significant judgment may be involved in applying the applicable reporting and accounting requirements. 

24 

Management expects that the Company s adherence to the required accounting guidance may result in increased volatility in quarterly and annual effective income tax rates because of the requirement that any change in judgment or measurement of a tax position taken in a prior period be recognized as a discrete event in the period in which it occurs. Factors that could impact management s judgment include changes in income, tax laws and regulations, and tax planning strategies. 

Fair value measurements 

The Company, in accordance with applicable accounting standards, measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value. Significant financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis are investment securities available-for-sale, residential mortgages held for sale and commercial loan interest rate swap agreements. Loans with respect to which it is probable that the Company will not collect all principal and interest payments according to the contractual terms are considered impaired loans and are measured on a nonrecurring basis. 

The Company conducts a review each quarter for all investment securities that reflect possible impairment to determine whether unrealized losses are other-than-temporary. Valuations for the investment portfolio are determined using quoted market prices, where available. If quoted market prices are not available, such valuation is based on pricing models, quotes for similar investment securities, and, where necessary, an income valuation approach based on the present value of expected cash flows. In addition, the Company considers the financial condition of the issuer, the receipt of principal and interest according to the contractual terms and the intent and ability of the Company to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. 

The above accounting policies with respect to fair value are discussed in further detail in Note 21-Fair Value to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Defined Benefit Pension Plan 

The Company has a qualified, noncontributory, defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees. The plan was frozen for new and existing entrants after December 31, 2007 and all benefit accruals for employees were frozen as of December 31, 2007 based on past service. Future salary increases and additional years of service will no longer affect the defined benefit provided by the plan although additional vesting may continue to occur. 

Several factors affect the net periodic benefit cost of the plan, including (1) the size and characteristics of the plan population, (2) the discount rate, (3) the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and (4) other actuarial assumptions. Pension cost is directly related to the number of employees covered by the plan and other factors including salary, age, years of employment, and the terms of the plan. As a result of the plan freeze, the characteristics of the plan population should not have a materially different effect in future years. The discount rate is used to determine the present value of future benefit obligations. The discount rate is determined by matching the expected cash flows of the plan to a yield curve based on long term, high quality fixed income debt instruments available as of the
measurement date, which is December 31 of each year. The discount rate is adjusted each year on the measurement date to reflect current market conditions. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on a number of factors that include expectations of market performance and the target asset allocation adopted in the plan investment policy. Should actual asset returns deviate from the projected returns, this can affect the benefit plan expense recognized in the financial statements. 

25 

Consolidated Average Balances, Yields and Rates 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Average 

Yield 

Average 

Yield 

Average 

Yield 

(Dollars in thousands and tax-equivalent) 

Balances 

Interest (1) 

/Rate 

Balances 

Interest (1) 

/Rate 

Balances 

Interest (1) 

/Rate 

Assets 

Residential mortgage loans (2) 

464,462 

24,838 

5.35 

471,221 

27,560 

5.85 

463,853 

28,547 

6.15 

Residential construction loans 

88,729 

4,037 

4.55 

139,197 

7,165 

5.15 

196,926 

11,585 

5.88 

Commercial mortgage loans (3) 

895,103 

53,877 

6.02 

866,655 

53,280 

6.15 

759,658 

50,700 

6.67 

Commercial construction loans (4) 

109,925 

3,576 

3.25 

199,299 

5,669 

2.84 

254,309 

13,859 

5.45 

Commercial business loans and leases 

284,963 

14,789 

5.19 

335,093 

17,991 

5.37 

357,311 

24,007 

6.72 

Consumer loans 

393,703 

15,206 

3.88 

405,005 

16,001 

3.96 

387,983 

20,503 

5.28 

Total loans and leases (5) 

2,236,885 

116,323 

5.20 

2,416,470 

127,666 

5.28 

2,420,040 

149,201 

6.17 

Taxable securities 

875,292 

25,630 

2.93 

662,853 

20,784 

3.14 

242,422 

10,684 

4.41 

Tax-exempt securities (6) 

163,834 

11,052 

6.75 

161,949 

11,467 

7.08 

186,057 

12,837 

6.90 

Interest-bearing deposits with banks 

69,755 

177 

0.25 

56,980 

149 

0.26 

11,305 

112 

0.99 

Federal funds sold 

1,773 

3 

0.17 

2,045 

3 

0.19 

22,619 

555 

2.45 

Total earning assets 

3,347,539 

153,185 

4.58 

3,300,297 

160,069 

4.85 

2,882,443 

173,389 

6.02 

Less: allowance for loan and lease losses 

(69,393) 

(59,961) 

(32,629) 

Cash and due from banks 

44,736 

45,038 

49,981 

Premises and equipment, net 

48,738 

50,649 

53,207 

Other assets 

241,368 

221,211 

199,584 

Total assets 

3,612,988 

3,557,234 

3,152,586 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Interest-bearing demand deposits 

292,106 

324 

0.11 

254,047 

420 

0.17 

242,848 

671 

0.28 

Regular savings deposits 

165,032 

164 

0.10 

152,383 

210 

0.14 

153,123 

455 

0.30 

Money market savings deposits 

890,187 

5,015 

0.56 

841,336 

10,725 

1.27 

669,239 

12,247 

1.83 

Time deposits 

706,487 

11,431 

1.62 

829,817 

23,566 

2.84 

777,979 

29,443 

3.78 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

2,053,812 

16,934 

0.82 

2,077,583 

34,921 

1.68 

1,843,189 

42,816 

2.32 

Other borrowings 

89,932 

269 

0.30 

88,198 

308 

0.35 

119,176 

1,795 

1.51 

Advances from FHLB 

409,697 

14,599 

3.56 

412,074 

14,708 

3.57 

359,061 

13,553 

3.77 

Subordinated debentures 

35,000 

940 

2.69 

35,000 

1,585 

4.53 

35,000 

2,222 

6.35 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

2,588,441 

32,742 

1.27 

2,612,855 

51,522 

1.97 

2,356,426 

60,386 

2.56 

Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 

557,197 

521,701 

441,459 

Other liabilities 

26,155 

33,457 

29,706 

Stockholders' equity 

441,195 

389,221 

324,995 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

3,612,988 

3,557,234 

3,152,586 

Net interest income and spread 

120,443 

3.31 

108,547 

2.88 

113,003 

3.46 

Less: tax equivalent adjustment 

4,836 

4,839 

4,544 

Net interest income 

115,607 

103,708 

108,459 

Interest income/earning assets 

4.58 

4.85 

6.02 

Interest expense/earning assets 

0.98 

1.56 

2.10 

Net interest margin 

3.60 

3.29 

3.92 

(1) 

Tax-equivalent income has been adjusted using the combined marginal federal and state rate of 39.88 for 2010, 2009 and 2008. The annualized taxable-equivalent adjustments utilized in the above table to compute yields aggregated to 4.8 million, 4.8 million and 4.5 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

(2) 

Includes residential mortgage loans held for sale. Home equity loans and lines are classified as consumer loans. 

(3) 

Composed of commercial investor real estate and owner occupied real estate loans. 

(4) 

Composed of acquisition, development and construction loans. 

(5) 

Non-accrual loans are included in the average balances. 

(6) 

Includes only investments that are exempt from federal taxes. 

26 

Net Interest Income 

The largest source of the Company s operating revenue is net interest income, which is the difference between the interest earned on interest-earning assets and the interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. For purposes of this discussion and analysis, the interest earned on tax-exempt investment securities has been adjusted to an amount comparable to interest subject to normal income taxes. The result is referred to as tax-equivalent interest income and tax-equivalent net interest income. The following discussion of net interest income should be considered in conjunction with the review of the information provided on the preceding table. 

2010 vs. 2009 

Net interest income for 2010 was 115.6 million, representing an increase of 11.9 million or 11 from 2009. The preceding table provides an analysis of net interest income performance that reflects an increase in net interest margin for 2010 of 31 basis points when compared to 2009. Average earning assets increased by 1 from 2009 to 2010. The following table shows the extent to which interest income, interest expense and net interest income were affected by rate changes and volume changes. The increase in tax-equivalent net interest margin in 2010 resulted from decreases in non-accrual loans coupled with declining rates paid on deposits which more than offset the decrease in yields on earning assets. Average noninterest-bearing deposits increased 7 in 2010 while the
percentage of noninterest-bearing deposits to total deposits also increased to 22 in 2010 compared to 20 in 2009. On a tax-equivalent basis, net interest income increased by 11 in 2010 to 120.4 million from 108.5 million in 2009. 

2009 vs. 2008 

Comparing 2009 to 2008, net interest income decreased 4 to 103.7 million. The decrease in the tax-equivalent net interest margin in 2009 resulted mainly from increases in nonaccrual loans coupled with a decrease in interest income due to declining rates on earning assets due mainly to a significant increase in lower-yielding investment securities. These lower yields were not entirely offset by declining interest rates on deposits due to market conditions. Average noninterest-bearing deposits increased 18 in 2009 while the percentage of noninterest-bearing deposits to total deposits also increased to 20 in 2009 from 19 in 2008. Tax-equivalent net interest income decreased by 4 in 2009 to 108.5 million from 113.0 million in 2008. 

Effect of Volume and Rate Changes on Net Interest Income 

The following table analyzes the reasons for the changes from year-to-year in the principal elements that comprise net interest income: 

2010 vs. 2009 

2009 vs. 2008 

Increase 

Increase 

Or 

Due to Change In Average: 

Or 

Due to Change In Average: 

(Dollars in thousands and tax equivalent) 

(Decrease) 

Volume 

Rate 

(Decrease) 

Volume 

Rate 

Interest income from earning assets: 

Loans and leases 

(11,343) 

(9,360) 

(1,983) 

(21,534) 

(219) 

(21,315) 

Securities 

4,431 

7,787 

(3,356) 

8,729 

16,982 

(8,253) 

Other earning assets 

28 

32 

(4) 

(515) 

296 

(811) 

Total interest income 

(6,884) 

(1,541) 

(5,343) 

(13,320) 

17,059 

(30,379) 

Interest expense on funding of earning assets: 

Interest-bearing demand deposits 

(96) 

57 

(153) 

(251) 

31 

(282) 

Regular savings deposits 

(46) 

16 

(62) 

(245) 

(2) 

(243) 

Money market savings deposits 

(5,710) 

584 

(6,294) 

(1,522) 

2,711 

(4,233) 

Time deposits 

(12,135) 

(3,115) 

(9,020) 

(5,877) 

1,849 

(7,726) 

Total borrowings 

(793) 

(20) 

(773) 

(969) 

732 

(1,701) 

Total interest expense 

(18,780) 

(2,478) 

(16,302) 

(8,864) 

5,321 

(14,185) 

Net interest income 

11,896 

937 

10,959 

(4,456) 

11,738 

(16,194) 

Variances that are the combined effect of volume and rate, but cannot be separately identified, are allocated to the volume and rate variances based on their respective relative amounts. 

Interest Income 

2010 vs. 2009 

The Company's interest income decreased by 6.9 million or 4 in 2010 compared to 2009. The previous table shows that, in 2010, the decrease in interest income resulted primarily from a decline in earning asset yields, which was partially offset by growth in average earning assets. 

27 

During 2010, average loans and leases, yielding 5.20 versus 5.28 a year earlier, decreased 179.6 million or 7 . The average residential real estate portfolio decreased 9 due mainly to a 36 decrease in residential construction loans while the average commercial loans and leases portfolio decreased 8 due largely to a 45 decrease in commercial construction loans. The average consumer loan portfolio decreased 3 due to declines of 23 in installment loans and 20 in conventional second mortgage loans. In 2010, average loans and leases comprised 67 of average earning assets compared to a ratio of 73 in 2009. Average total investment securities, yielding 3.53 in 2010 versus 3.91 in the prior year, increased 26 to 1.0 billion. Average tax-exempt investment
securities increased in 2010 by 1 compared to 2009. Average total investment securities comprised 31 of average earning assets in 2010 compared to 25 in 2009. The growth in average investment securities in 2010 was due mainly to the growth in deposits throughout 2009 resulting from the Company s strategy to grow market share and the decline in loans was due primarily to soft loan demand during 2010. 

2009 vs. 2008 

Interest income decreased by 13.6 million or 8 in 2009 compared to 2008. During 2009, the average loan and lease portfolio yield was 5.28 as compared to 6.17 for the prior year, while the balance remained virtually level at 2.4 billion. In 2009, the average loan and lease portfolio comprised 73 of average earning assets compared to 84 in 2008 while average total investment securities comprised 25 of average earning assets in 2009 compared to 15 in 2008. The increase in average investment securities in 2009 was due primarily to the strong growth in deposits in 2009 as a result of the Company s strategy to grow market share. The decrease in average loans and leases as a percent of total average earning assets was due to the growth in deposits, which was invested in the investment securities portfolio
due to declining loan demand. 

Interest Expense 

2010 vs. 2009 

Interest expense decreased by 36 or 18.8 million in 2010, compared to 2009, primarily as a result of a 70 basis point decrease in the average rate paid on deposits and borrowings, which decreased to 1.27 from 1.97 . Deposit and borrowing activity during 2010 continued to be driven by challenging market conditions as both the national and regional economy began a very slow and uneven recovery due to high unemployment, reduced consumer confidence and spending and volatile international financial markets. Through a major deposit growth campaign in 2009, the Company saw strong growth in its deposit market share. During 2010, the Company experienced a planned decline in deposits as it managed its net interest margin through reductions in rates. Much of this decrease, particularly in time deposits, was incurred with
single product clients, and thus did not significantly affect clients with multiple product relationships. Most of this growth in deposits was deployed into investment securities to provide the necessary liquidity should loan demand increase in the future. 

2009 vs. 2008 

In 2009, interest expense decreased by 15 or 8.9 million, compared to 2008, due largely to a 59 basis point decline in the average rate paid on deposits and borrowings, which more than offset the 13 increase in average interest-bearing deposits. The Company dealt with an intensely competitive market for deposits in 2009 by launching a successful deposit growth campaign that produced strong growth in money market deposits. Most of the growth in deposits was deployed into investment securities. 

Interest Rate Performance 

2010 vs. 2009 

The net interest margin increased by 31 basis points in 2010 compared to 2009, as compared to an increase in net interest spread of 43 basis points in 2010 compared to 2009. The increase in these two indicators of interest rate performance was due primarily to the decrease in rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities of 70 basis points which more than offset the decline in yield on interest-earning assets of 27 basis points together with an increase in noninterest-bearing demand deposits. 

2009 vs. 2008 

In 2009, the net interest margin decreased by 63 basis points compared to 2008. This decrease was due to the decline in the yield on interest-earning assets of 117 basis points which was significantly more than the decline in the funding rate on interest-bearing liabilities of 59 basis points. 

28 

Non-interest income 

Non-interest income amounts and trends are presented in the following table for the periods indicated: 

2010/2009 

2010/2009 

2009/2008 

2009/2008 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Change 

Change 

Change 

Change 

Securities gains 

796 

418 

663 

378 

90.4 

(245) 

(37.0) 

Total other-than-temporary impairment ("OTTI") losses 

(1,505) 

- 

- 

(1,505) 

- 

- 

- 

Portion of OTTI losses recognized in other comprehensive income before taxes 

993 

- 

- 

993 

- 

- 

- 

Net OTTI recognized in earnings 

(512) 

- 

- 

(512) 

- 

- 

- 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

10,326 

11,433 

12,778 

(1,107) 

(9.7) 

(1,345) 

(10.5) 

Gains on sales of mortgage loans 

3,251 

3,253 

2,288 

(2) 

(0.1) 

965 

42.2 

Fees on sales of investment products 

3,438 

2,823 

3,475 

615 

21.8 

(652) 

(18.8) 

Trust and investment management fees 

10,287 

9,421 

9,483 

866 

9.2 

(62) 

(0.7) 

Insurance agency commissions 

5,229 

5,236 

5,908 

(7) 

(0.1) 

(672) 

(11.4) 

Income from bank owned life insurance 

2,800 

2,906 

2,902 

(106) 

(3.6) 

4 

0.1 

Visa check fees 

3,325 

2,920 

2,875 

405 

13.9 

45 

1.6 

Gain on commercial loan derivatves 

2,185 

1,974 

626 

211 

10.7 

1,348 

- 

Letter of credit fees 

1,019 

567 

645 

452 

79.7 

(78) 

(12.1) 

Extension fees 

594 

793 

813 

(199) 

(25.1) 

(20) 

(2.5) 

Other income 

3,255 

3,543 

3,781 

(288) 

(8.1) 

(238) 

(6.3) 

Total non-interest income 

45,993 

45,287 

46,237 

706 

1.6 

(950) 

(2.1) 

2010 vs. 2009 

Total non-interest income was 46.0 million in 2010, a 0.7 million or 2 increase from 2009. The primary reasons for the increase in non-interest income for 2010, as compared to 2009 were a 0.6 million increase in fees on sales of investment products, due primarily to higher sales volumes of mutual funds, a 0.9 million increase in trust and investment management fees due to increased assets under management and an increase of 0.4 million in Visa check fees due to a higher volume of electronic transactions. Other non-interest income decreased 0.2 million due primarily to higher mark to market adjustments on commercial loan swaps. These increases were somewhat offset by a decrease of 1.1 million in service charges on deposits due to lower commercial analysis fees and return check charges. The
Company recognized securities gains of 0.8 million in 2010 compared to 0.4 million in 2009, exclusive of other-than-temporary impairment recognized in earnings. 

Service charges on deposits declined 10 due primarily to decreases in overdraft fees and commercial analysis fees. Fees on sales of investment products increased 22 compared to 2009 due to higher average assets under management and increased sales of mutual funds. 

Gains on mortgage sales remained level in 2010 compared to 2009 despite reduced sales volume of 237.8 million in 2010 compared to 314.8 million in 2009. Insurance agency commissions remained level at 5.2 million in 2010 compared to 2009. 

Trust and investment management fee income amounted to 10.3 million in 2010, a 9 increase compared to 2009, reflecting an increase in average assets under management due primarily to rising equity markets. During 2010, investment management fees in West Financial Services increased 9 to 5.1 million due to higher asset management volume in 2010. Trust services fees increased 10 to 5.2 million compared to the prior year due mainly to an increase in average assets under management. Total assets under management for West Financial Services, trust and investment services increased 179.6 million or 10 to 1.9 billion at December 31, 2010 compared to December 31, 2009. 

Income from bank owned life insurance decreased 4 in 2010 compared to 2009. The Company invests in bank owned life insurance products in order to better manage the cost of employee benefit plans. Investments totaled 78.5 million at December 31, 2010 and 75.7 million at December 31, 2009 and were well diversified by carrier in accordance with defined policies and practices. The average tax-equivalent yield on these insurance contract assets was 6.05 for 2010 compared to 6.52 for 2009. 

2009 vs. 2008 

Comparing 2009 to 2008, non-interest income decreased 1.0 million or 2 . This decrease was mainly due to decreases of 1.3 million in service charges on deposit accounts due to lower overdraft fees and 0.7 million in fees on sales of investment products due to lower average assets under management. Insurance agency commissions also decreased 0.7 million due mainly to lower commission on commercial lines and physicians liability insurance. These decreases were partially offset by an increase of 1.0 million in gains on sales of mortgage loans due to higher mortgage refinancing volumes and an increase of 1.3 million in other non-interest income due to higher accrued gains on commercial loan swaps. The Company recognized securities gains of 0.4 million in 2009 compared to 0.7 million in 2008.
Fees on sales of investment products decreased 19 in 2009 compared to 2008 due largely to lower average assets under management and reduced sales of mutual funds and variable annuities. Trust and investment management fees of 9.5 million for 2009 represented a decrease of 0.1 million or 1 compared to 2008. This decrease was due primarily to a decrease in average assets under management at both West Financial Services and in the Company s trust department. 

29 

Non-interest Expense 

Non-interest expense amounts and trends are presented in the following table for the periods indicated: 

2010/2009 

2010/2009 

2009/2008 

2009/2008 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Change 

Change 

Change 

Change 

Salaries and employee benefits 

55,470 

54,460 

53,015 

1,010 

1.9 

1,445 

2.7 

Occupancy expense of premises 

11,477 

10,710 

10,762 

767 

7.2 

(52) 

(0.5) 

Equipment expenses 

4,808 

5,691 

6,156 

(883) 

(15.5) 

(465) 

(7.6) 

Marketing 

2,359 

2,166 

2,163 

193 

8.9 

3 

0.1 

Outside data services 

3,992 

3,721 

4,373 

271 

7.3 

(652) 

(14.9) 

FDIC insurance 

4,497 

6,092 

1,751 

(1,595) 

(26.2) 

4,341 

- 

Amortization of intangible assets 

1,959 

3,646 

4,447 

(1,687) 

(46.3) 

(801) 

(18.0) 

Goodwill impairment loss 

- 

- 

4,159 

- 

- 

(4,159) 

(100.0) 

Professional fees 

5,586 

4,863 

4,467 

723 

14.9 

396 

8.9 

Loss on commercial loan derivatves 

2,185 

1,974 

626 

211 

10.7 

1,348 

- 

Postage and delivery 

1,328 

1,373 

1,687 

(45) 

(3.3) 

(314) 

(18.6) 

Communications 

1,433 

1,270 

1,606 

163 

12.8 

(336) 

(20.9) 

Other expenses 

8,029 

7,119 

6,871 

910 

12.8 

248 

3.6 

Total non-interest expense 

103,123 

103,085 

102,083 

38 

- 

1,002 

1.0 

2010 vs. 2009 

Non-interest expenses remained virtually level for the year ended December 31, 2010 compared to 2009. Salaries and benefits expenses increased 1.0 million in 2010 while all other non-interest expenses increased 2.0 million. These increases were largely offset by a decrease of 1.6 million in FDIC insurance expense and a decrease of 1.7 million in intangibles amortization. 

Salaries and employee benefits, the largest component of non-interest expenses, increased 1.0 million or 2 in 2010. This increase was due primarily to higher salary expenses as a result of merit increases and severance payments. Average full-time equivalent employees remained relatively constant from 2009 to 2010. 

In 2010, occupancy expense increased 0.8 million compared to the prior year due mainly to higher rent and maintenance expenses. Equipment expenses decreased 16 in 2010 compared to 2009 due primarily to reductions in depreciation expense and servicing expenses on equipment. Marketing expense increased 0.2 million or 9 in 2010 compared to 2009 due primarily to higher advertising expenses. 

Outside data services expenses increased 0.3 million or 7 in 2010 due to increased transaction volumes. 

FDIC insurance expense decreased 1.6 million or 26 in 2010 compared to 2009 due primarily to the one-time special assessment in 2009. 

All other non-interest expenses increased 2.0 million or 12 compared to 2009. This increase was due primarily to higher legal fees due to loan workouts, an increase in losses on sales of other real estate owned and higher accrued expenses on commercial loan interest rate swaps. 

Amortization of intangible assets decreased 1.7 million or 46 compared to 2009 due to certain intangibles from branch acquisitions that had fully amortized as of September, 2009. The Company s intangible assets are being amortized over relatively short amortization periods averaging approximately four years at December 31, 2010. 

2009 vs. 2008 

Comparing 2009 to 2008, non-interest expenses increased 1.0 million or 1 . The increase in expenses in 2009 was driven primarily by an increase of 4.3 million in FDIC insurance premiums, which included a one time special assessment of 1.7 million. In addition, salaries and benefits expenses increased 1.4 million over the prior year due primarily to a 1.5 million pre-tax pension credit in 2008. These increases were somewhat offset by a goodwill impairment loss of 4.2 million recognized in 2008. Average full-time equivalent employees decreased 4 to 667 in 2009 from 697 full-time equivalent employees in 2008. 

In 2009, occupancy expense remained level compared to 2008. Equipment expenses decreased 0.5 million or 8 in 2009 compared to 2008 due largely to lower depreciation expense. Marketing expense did not change appreciably in 2009 compared to 2008. Expenses for outside data services decreased 0.7 million or 15 in 2009 compared to 2008 due to lower negotiated expenses with the Company s outside data services providers. FDIC insurance expense increased 4.3 million in 2009 compared to 2008 due to the one-time special assessment, higher deposit balances and increased assessment rates. All other non-interest expenses increased 1.3 million or 1 in 2009 compared to 2008 due mainly to an increase in legal fees resulting from loan workouts and higher accrued expenses on commercial loan interest rate swaps.
Amortization of intangible assets decreased 0.8 million or 18 compared to 2008 due to certain intangibles from branch acquisitions that had fully amortized as of September, 2009. 

30 

Operating Expense Performance 

Management views the GAAP efficiency ratio as an important financial measure of expense performance and cost management. The ratio expresses the level of non-interest expenses as a percentage of total revenue (net interest income plus total non-interest income). Lower ratios indicate improved productivity. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measure 

The Company has for many years used a traditional efficiency ratio that is a non-GAAP financial measure of operating expense control and efficiency of operations. Management believes that its traditional ratio better focuses attention on the operating performance of the Company over time than does a GAAP ratio, and is highly useful in comparing period-to-period operating performance of the Company s core business operations. It is used by management as part of its assessment of its performance in managing non-interest expenses. However, this measure is supplemental, and is not a substitute for an analysis of performance based on GAAP measures. The reader is cautioned that the non-GAAP efficiency ratio used by the Company may not be comparable to GAAP or non-GAAP
efficiency ratios reported by other financial institutions. 

In general, the efficiency ratio is non-interest expenses as a percentage of net interest income plus non-interest income. Non-interest expenses used in the calculation of the non-GAAP efficiency ratio exclude goodwill impairment losses, the amortization of intangibles, and non-recurring expenses. Income for the non-GAAP ratio includes the favorable effect of tax-exempt income, and excludes securities gains and losses, which vary widely from period to period without appreciably affecting operating expenses, and non-recurring gains. The measure is different from the GAAP efficiency ratio, which also is presented in this report. The GAAP measure is calculated using non-interest expense and income amounts as shown on the face of the Consolidated Statements of
Income/(Loss). The GAAP and non-GAAP efficiency ratios are reconciled and provided in the following table. Both efficiency ratios decreased in 2010 mainly as a result of non-interest expenses, which remained level in 2010 compared to 2009 together with an increase in net interest income in 2010. 

31 

GAAP and Non-GAAP Efficiency Ratios 

Year ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

GAAP efficiency ratio: 

Non-interest expenses 

103,123 

103,085 

102,083 

99,778 

85,096 

Net interest income plus non-interest income 

161,600 

148,995 

154,696 

149,105 

133,651 

Efficiency ratio GAAP 

63.81 

69.19 

65.99 

66.92 

63.67 

Non-GAAP efficiency ratio: 

Non-interest expenses 

103,123 

103,085 

102,083 

99,778 

85,096 

Less non-GAAP adjustment: 

Amortization of intangible assets 

1,959 

3,646 

4,447 

4,080 

2,967 

Goodwill impairment loss 

- 

- 

4,159 

- 

- 

Plus non-GAAP adjustment: 

Pension prior service credit 

- 

- 

1,473 

- 

- 

Non-interest expenses as adjusted 

101,164 

99,439 

94,950 

95,698 

82,129 

Net interest income plus non-interest income 

161,600 

148,995 

154,696 

149,105 

133,651 

Plus non-GAAP adjustment: 

Tax-equivalent income 

4,836 

4,839 

4,545 

5,506 

6,243 

Less non-GAAP adjustments: 

Securities gains 

796 

418 

663 

43 

1 

OTTI recognized in earnings 

(512) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net interest income plus non-interest income - as adjusted 

166,152 

153,416 

158,578 

154,568 

139,893 

Efficiency ratio Non-GAAP 

60.89 

64.82 

59.88 

61.91 

58.71 

Income Taxes 

The Company had income tax expense of 9.0 million in 2010, compared with an income tax benefit of 16.0 million in 2009 and income tax expense of 3.6 million in 2008. The resulting effective tax rates were 28 for 2010, 52 for 2009, and 19 for 2008. The change in the effective tax rate for 2010 compared to 2009 was due mainly to the Company s return to profitability in 2010 and the loss incurred in 2009, primarily related to the provision for loan and lease losses, coupled with tax advantaged income from investment securities and bank owned life insurance policies. The change in the effective tax rate for 2009 compared to 2008 was due to the factors mentioned previously. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 

The Company's total assets decreased 111.1 million to 3.5 billion at December 31, 2010. Earning assets decreased 104.4 million to 3.2 billion at December 31, 2010. These decreases were due primarily to a decline in the loan portfolio, which was driven by current economic conditions in the Company s markets. 

Loans and Leases 

The residential real estate portfolio comprised of residential construction and permanent residential mortgage loans, decreased 21.9 million or 4 , to 527.8 million at December 31, 20010. Residential construction loans declined to 91.3 million in 2010, a decrease of 1.0 million or 1 reflecting continued depressed demand as a result of the regional economic conditions. Permanent residential mortgages, most of which are 1-4 family, decreased 20.9 million or 5 to 436.5 million due to lower loan origination volumes. 

The commercial loans and leases portfolio decreased by 100.7 million or 7 , to 1.2 billion at December 31, 2010. This decrease was due primarily to soft loan demand resulting from weak market conditions in the regional and national economies. Included in this category are commercial real estate loans, commercial construction loans and commercial business loans. 

The Company's commercial real estate loans consist of owner occupied properties (61 where an established banking relationship exists or, to a lesser extent, involves investment properties (39 for warehouse, retail, and office space with a history of occupancy and cash flow. Commercial mortgages decreased 5.5 million or 1 during 2010, to 889.4 million at year-end. Commercial construction loans decreased 39.1 million or 30 during the year, to 92.7 million at December 31, 2010. Economic conditions continued to have a negative effect on builders and developers over the past year as consumer demand for new housing remained depressed in the face of a weak economic turnaround. This mainly affected the Company s acquisition, development and construction loan
portfolio. Commercial business loans decreased 46.0 million or 16 during 2010 to 250.3 million at year-end. This decrease was also due primarily to the lower level of loan demand. 

32 

The Company's equipment leasing business provides leases for essential commercial equipment used by small to medium-sized businesses. Equipment leasing is conducted through vendor relations and direct solicitation to end-users located primarily in states along the east coast from New Jersey to Florida. The typical lease is small ticket by industry standards, averaging less than 100 thousand, with individual leases generally not exceeding 500 thousand. The leasing portfolio decreased 10.2 million or 39 in 2010, to 15.6 million at year-end due in large part to market conditions and their effect on small and medium-sized businesses. 

Consumer lending continues to play an important role in the Company s full-service, community banking business. This category of loans includes primarily home equity loans and lines of credit. The consumer loan portfolio decreased 5 or 19.2 million, to 380.5 million at December 31, 2010. This decline was driven largely by a decrease of 10.0 million or 3 in home equity lines and loans during 2010 to 344.4 million at year-end due to weak consumer demand. Installment loans declined 8.6 million or 23 to 29.5 million during 2010. 

Analysis of Loans and Leases 

The following table presents the trends in the composition of the loan and lease portfolio over the previous five years. 

December 31, 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Residential real estate: 

Residential mortgage 

436,534 

20.3 

457,414 

19.9 

457,571 

18.4 

456,305 

20.0 

390,852 

21.6 

Residential construction 

91,273 

4.2 

92,283 

4.0 

189,249 

7.6 

166,981 

7.4 

151,399 

8.4 

Commercial real estate: 

Commercial mortgage 

889,415 

41.3 

894,951 

39.0 

847,452 

34.0 

662,837 

29.1 

509,726 

28.2 

Commercial construction 

92,714 

4.3 

131,789 

5.7 

223,169 

9.0 

262,840 

11.5 

192,547 

10.7 

Commercial business 

250,255 

11.6 

296,220 

12.9 

333,758 

13.4 

316,051 

13.9 

182,159 

10.1 

Leases 

15,551 

0.7 

25,704 

1.1 

33,220 

1.3 

35,722 

1.6 

34,079 

1.9 

Consumer 

380,490 

17.6 

399,649 

17.4 

406,227 

16.3 

376,295 

16.5 

344,817 

19.1 

Total loans and leases 

2,156,232 

100.0 

2,298,010 

100.0 

2,490,646 

100.0 

2,277,031 

100.0 

1,805,579 

100.0 

The commercial construction loan category is comprised of loans that currently have ongoing construction activities. Commercial mortgage loans includes approximately 58.3 million in loans at December 31, 2010 that have been made on raw land or for projects that have not begun any construction acitivities. 

Loan Maturities and Interest Rate Sensitivity 

Loan maturities and interest rate characteristics for specific lending portfolios is presented in the following table: 

At December 31, 2010 

Remaining Maturities of Selected Credits in Years 

(In thousands) 

1 or less 

Over 1-5 

Over 5 

Total 

Residential construction loans 

63,299 

23,807 

4,167 

91,273 

Commercial construction loans 

82,946 

9,768 

- 

92,714 

Commercial business loans (1) 

185,544 

58,656 

6,055 

250,255 

Total 

331,789 

92,231 

10,222 

434,242 

Rate Terms: 

Fixed 

35,310 

44,565 

6,089 

85,964 

Variable or adjustable 

296,479 

47,666 

4,133 

348,278 

Total 

331,789 

92,231 

10,222 

434,242 

(1) 

Loans not secured by real estate 

Investment Securities 

The investment portfolio, consisting of available-for-sale, held-to-maturity and other equity securities, showed a minor increase of 2 or 19 million to 1.0 billion at December 31, 2010, from 1.0 billion at December 31, 2009. 

The table which follows shows that most of the above-mentioned funds were invested in U.S. Agency securities, U.S. Agency mortgage-backed securities and U.S. Agency collateralized mortgage obligations. This investment strategy has resulted in a portfolio with minimal risk and relatively short durations and thus will provide needed liquidity should loan demand increase in the coming year. The portfolio is monitored on a continuing basis with consideration given to interest rate trends and the structure of the yield curve and with constant due diligence of economic projections and analysis. 

33 

At December 31, 2010, the trust preferred portfolio consisted of one 3.0 million security backed by a single financial institution issuer. The fair value of this security was 3.2 million as determined using broker quotations. The Company also owns one pooled trust preferred security backed by debt issued by banks and thrifts, which totals 3.8 million, with a fair value of 2.8 million. The fair value of this security was determined by a third party valuation specialist due to the limited trading activity for this security in the marketplace. 

The specialist used an income valuation approach technique (present value technique) that maximizes the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. The methodology and significant assumptions employed by the specialist to determine fair value included: 

Evaluation of the structural terms as established in the indenture; 

Detailed credit and structural evaluation for each piece of collateral in the pool; 

Default, recovery and prepayment/amortization probabilities; 

Identification of adverse conditions specifically related to the security, industry and geographical area; 

Projection of estimated cash flows that incorporate default expectations and loss severities; 

Review of historical and implied volatility of the fair value of the security; 

Evaluation of credit risk concentrations; 

Evaluation of the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than the amortized cost; and 

A discount rate of 12.4 was established using credit adjusted financial institution spreads for comparably rated institutions and a liquidity adjustment that considered the previously noted characteristics. 

As a result of this evaluation, it was determined that the pooled trust preferred security did incur credit-related OTTI of 262 thousand which was recognized in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2010. Non-credit related OTTI on this security, which is not expected to be sold and that the Company has the ability to hold until maturity, was 993 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2010. This non-credit related OTTI was recognized in other comprehensive income OCI at December 31, 2010. The methodology and significant inputs used to measure the amount related to credit loss consisted of the following: 

Default rates were developed based on the financial condition of the trust preferred issuers in the pool and the payment or deferral status. Conditional default rates were estimated based on the payment characteristics of the security and the financial condition of the issuers in the pool. Near term and future defaults are estimated using third party industry data in addition to a review of key financial ratios and other pertinent data on the financial stability of the underlying issuer; 

Loss severity is forecasted based on the type of impairment using research performed by third parities; 

The security only contains one level of subordination below the senior tranche, with the senior tranche receiving the spread from the subordinate bonds. Given recent performance, it is not expected that the senior tranche will receive its full interest and principal at the bond s maturity date; 

Credit ratings of the underlying issuers are reviewed in conjunction with the development of the default rates applied to determine the credit amounts related to the credit loss; and 

Potential prepayments are estimated based on terms and rates of the underlying trust preferred securities to determine the impact of excess spread on the credit enhancement, the removal of the strongest institutions from the underlying pool and any impact that prepayments might have on diversity and concentration. 

At December 31, 2010, the Company held 350 thousand in marketable equity securities of two entities. The quarterly reviews conducted during 2010 of each entity's financial statements and review of other recently available data determined that OTTI existed with respect to one of the investments. As a result, the Company recognized in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2010 credit-related OTTI of 250 thousand which represented the Company s entire investment in the particular institution. 

34 

Composition of Investment Securities 

The composition of investment securities for the periods indicated is presented in the following table: 

At December 31, 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Available-for-Sale: (1) 

U.S. government agencies and corporations 

306,705 

29.4 

355,597 

34.7 

137,320 

27.9 

State and municipal 

107,537 

10.3 

42,142 

4.1 

2,700 

0.5 

Mortgage-backed (2) 

486,961 

46.7 

453,998 

44.3 

145,076 

29.4 

Trust preferred 

5,980 

0.6 

6,346 

0.6 

6,281 

1.3 

Marketable equity securities 

100 

0.0 

350 

0.0 

350 

0.1 

Total available-for-sale 

907,283 

87.0 

858,433 

83.7 

291,727 

59.2 

Held-to-Maturity and Other Equity 

State and municipal 

101,091 

9.7 

131,996 

12.9 

170,871 

34.7 

Mortgage-backed (2) 

499 

0.0 

597 

0.2 

747 

0.2 

Other equity securities 

34,070 

3.3 

32,773 

3.2 

29,146 

5.9 

Total held-to-maturity and other equity 

135,660 

13.0 

165,366 

16.3 

200,764 

40.8 

Total securities (3) 

1,042,943 

100.0 

1,023,799 

100.0 

492,491 

100.0 

(1) 

At estimated fair value. 

(2) 

Issued by a U. S. Government Agency or secured by U.S. Government Agency collateral. 

(3) 

The outstanding balance of no single issuer, except for U.S. Government Agency securities, exceeded ten percent of stockholders' equity at December 31, 2010, 2009 or 2008. 

Maturities and weighted average yields for investment securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity at December 31, 2010 are presented in the following table. Amounts appear in the table at amortized cost, without market value adjustments, by stated maturity adjusted for estimated calls. 

Maturity of Investment Securities 

Years to Maturity at December 31, 2010 

Within 

After One Year 

After Five Years 

One Year or Less 

Through Five years 

Through Ten Years 

Over Ten Years 

(In thousands) 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Total 

Yield 

Available-for-Sale (1) 

U. S. government agencies a nd corporations 

30,105 

2.03 

166,791 

2.35 

108,747 

2.84 

- 

- 

305,643 

2.49 

State and municipal (2) 

1,109 

8.07 

250 

9.04 

21,462 

4.48 

88,762 

4.86 

111,583 

4.82 

Mortgage-backed 

323 

4.73 

149 

4.94 

127,898 

2.43 

348,544 

3.40 

476,914 

3.14 

Trust preferred 

- 

- 

- 

6,783 

9.13 

6,783 

9.13 

Total 

31,537 

2.27 

167,190 

2.36 

258,107 

2.78 

444,089 

3.78 

900,923 

3.18 

Held-to-Maturity (1) 

State and municipal 

26,238 

7.95 

15,871 

7.07 

24,402 

7.47 

34,580 

7.41 

101,091 

7.51 

Mortgage-backed 

- 

- 

- 

- 

24 

5.87 

475 

5.64 

499 

5.65 

Total 

26,238 

7.95 

15,871 

7.07 

24,426 

7.47 

35,055 

7.39 

101,590 

7.50 

(1) 

At cost, adjusted for amortization and accretion of purchase premiums and discounts, respectively. 

(2) 

Yields on state and municipal securities have been calculated on a tax-equivalent basis using the applicable federal income tax rate of 35 . 

Other Earning Assets 

Residential mortgage loans held for sale increased 10.2 million to 22.7 million as of December 31, 2010 from 12.5 million as of December 31, 2009. This increase was due largely to rising market interest rates during the fourth quarter of 2010 compared to the fourth quarter of 2009. 

The aggregate of federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits with banks increased 8.1 million to 18.4 million in 2010. Bank owned life insurance increased 2.8 million or 4 to 78.5 million as of December 31, 2010 due to the increase in cash surrender value of the underlying policies. 

35 

Deposits 

The composition of deposits for the periods indicated is presented in the following table: 

December 31, 2010 

December 31, 2009 

2010/2009 

(In thousands) 

Amount 

Amount 

Change 

change 

Noninterest-bearing deposits 

566,812 

22.2 

540,578 

20.0 

26,234 

4.9 

Interest-bearing deposits: 

Demand 

317,905 

12.4 

282,045 

10.5 

35,860 

12.7 

Money market savings 

861,420 

33.8 

931,362 

34.5 

(69,942) 

(7.5) 

Regular savings 

172,771 

6.8 

157,072 

5.8 

15,699 

10.0 

Time deposits of less than 100,000 

351,071 

13.8 

421,978 

15.7 

(70,907) 

(16.8) 

Time deposits of 100,000 or more 

279,893 

11.0 

363,807 

13.5 

(83,914) 

(23.1) 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

1,983,060 

77.8 

2,156,264 

80.0 

(173,204) 

(8.0) 

Total deposits 

2,549,872 

100.0 

2,696,842 

100.0 

(146,970) 

(5.4) 

Deposits and Borrowings 

Total deposits were 2.5 billion at December 31, 2010, decreasing 147.0 million or 5 from 2.7 billion at December 31, 2009. Year-end balances for non-interest-bearing demand deposits increased 26.2 million or 5 over the prior year. For the same period, interest-bearing deposits declined 173.2 million or 8 . This decrease was due largely to a decrease of 154.8 million or 20 in time deposits. Money market deposits also decreased 69.9 million or 8 . These decreases were due mainly to reductions in rates as the Company managed its net interest margin together with clients redeployment of funds in the face of low rates and rising equity markets. In addition, regular savings and interest-bearing checking accounts increased 51.6 million or 12 over 2009 as clients
maintained liquidity in a slowly recovering economy. When deposits are combined with retail repurchase agreements from core customers, the decrease in total customer funding sources totaled 5 compared to the prior year. Total borrowings were virtually level at 537.0 million at December 31, 2010 compared to December 31, 2009. 

Capital Management 

Management monitors historical and projected earnings, dividends and asset growth, as well as risks associated with the various types of on- and off-balance sheet assets and liabilities, in order to determine appropriate capital levels. During 2010, total stockholders' equity increased 9 or 34.0 million to 407.6 million at December 31, 2010, from 373.6 million at December 31, 2009. This increase was due primarily to 95.6 million in proceeds from the Company s public stock offering in 2010 and increased profitability which were somewhat offset by the Company s redemption of the 83.1 million in preferred stock issued to the United States Department of the Treasury Treasury as part of the TARP Capital Purchase Program. 

As part of TARP, the Company sold 83,094 shares of Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock and a warrant to purchase 651,547 shares of the Company s common stock, for an aggregate price of 83.1 million in cash. The redemption of the preferred shares was completed in two transactions, with one half of the shares redeemed in July and the remainder of the shares redeemed in December, 2010 for a total of 83.1 million. At December 31, 2010, the warrant remained outstanding and was valued in the consolidated financial statements at 3.7 million. This amount was allocated from the original sale proceeds and reflected in the stockholders equity section of the Consolidated Statements of Condition. Subsequent to December 31, 2010, the Company negotiated the redemption of the warrant
with the Treasury for 4.5 million, which was completed on February 23, 2011. The effect of the redemption will result in a net reduction of additional paid-in capital of 0.8 million during the first quarter of 2011. 

External capital formation, resulting from a public offering of common stock, exercises of stock options, vesting of restricted stock and from stock issuances under the employee and director stock purchase plans totaled 96.7 million during 2010. The ratio of average equity to average assets was 12.21 for 2010, as compared to 10.94 for 2009 and 10.31 for 2008. 

The Company s Articles of Incorporation authorize 49,916,906 shares of capital stock (par value 1.00 per share). Issued shares have been classified as common stock. The Articles of Incorporation provide that remaining unissued shares may later be designated as either common or preferred stock. On March 17, 2010, the Company completed an offering of 7,475,000 common shares at a price of 13.50 per share, before the underwriting discount of 0.675 per share. This resulted in proceeds of 95.6 million, net of the offering expenses. Each share of the issued common stock has the same relative rights as, and is identical in all respects with, each other share of common stock. 

A significant portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the securities was used during 2010 to redeem the 83.1 million in preferred stock issued to the Treasury under TARP and 4.5 million was use to redeem the warrant in February 2011. Management intends to use the remainder of the net proceeds from the sale of the securities for general corporate purposes which may include financing possible acquisitions of branches or other financial institutions or financial service companies, extending credit to, or funding investments in, our subsidiaries and repaying, reducing or refinancing indebtedness. The Company expects that it will, on a recurrent basis, engage in additional financings as the need arises to finance corporate strategies, to fund subsidiaries, to finance acquisitions or otherwise. 

36 

Bank holding companies and banks are required to maintain capital ratios in accordance with guidelines adopted by the federal bank regulators. These guidelines are commonly known as Risk-Based Capital guidelines. The actual regulatory ratios and required ratios for capital adequacy, in addition to the ratios required to be categorized as well capitalized are summarized in the following table. 

Risk-Based Capital Ratios 

Minimum 

Ratios at December 31, 

Regulatory 

2010 

2009 

Requirements 

Total Capital to risk-weighted assets 

15.37 

13.27 

8.00 

Tier 1 Capital to risk-weighted assets 

14.11 

12.01 

4.00 

Tier 1 Leverage 

10.30 

9.09 

3.00 

Tier 1 capital of 361.6 million and total qualifying capital of 394.1 million each included 35.0 million in trust preferred securities that are considered regulatory capital for purposes of determining the Company s Tier 1 capital ratio. In addition, in 2009, Tier 1 capital included 83.1 million in preferred stock which was sold to the U.S. Treasury under the TARP Capital Purchase Program as described above. As of December 31, 2010, the most recent notification from the Bank s primary regulator categorized the Bank as a "well-capitalized" institution under the prompt corrective action rules of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Designation as a well-capitalized institution under these regulations is not a recommendation or endorsement of the Company or the Bank by federal
bank regulators. Additional information regarding regulatory capital ratios is included in Note 23 Regulatory Matters of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Tangible Common Equity 

Tangible equity and tangible assets are non-GAAP financial measures calculated using GAAP amounts. We calculate tangible equity by excluding the balance of goodwill and other intangible assets from our calculation of stockholders equity. We calculate tangible assets by excluding the balance of goodwill and other intangible assets from our calculation of total assets. We believe that this non-GAAP financial measure provides information to investors that may useful in understanding our financial condition. Because not all companies use the same calculation of tangible equity and tangible assets, this presentation may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures calculated by other companies. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP ratio of tangible
equity to tangible assets is provided in the following table. 

Tangible Common Equity Ratio Non-GAAP 

December 31, 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Tangible common equity ratio: 

Total stockholders' equity 

407,569 

373,586 

391,862 

315,640 

237,777 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

2,620 

2,652 

7,572 

1,055 

4,021 

Goodwill 

(76,816) 

(76,816) 

(76,248) 

(76,585) 

(12,494) 

Other intangible assets, net 

(6,579) 

(8,537) 

(12,183) 

(16,630) 

(10,653) 

Preferred stock 

- 

(80,095) 

(79,440) 

- 

- 

Tangible common equity 

326,794 

210,790 

231,563 

223,480 

218,651 

Total assets 

3,519,388 

3,630,478 

3,313,638 

3,043,953 

2,610,457 

Goodwill 

(76,816) 

(76,816) 

(76,248) 

(76,585) 

(12,494) 

Other intangible assets, net 

(6,579) 

(8,537) 

(12,183) 

(16,630) 

(10,653) 

Tangible assets 

3,435,993 

3,545,125 

3,225,207 

2,950,738 

2,587,310 

Tangible common equity ratio 

9.51 

5.95 

7.18 

7.57 

8.45 

37 

Credit Risk 

The fundamental lending business of the Company is based on understanding, measuring and controlling the credit risk inherent in the loan portfolio. The Company s loan and lease portfolio is subject to varying degrees of credit risk. Credit risk entails both general risks, which are inherent in the process of lending, and risk specific to individual borrowers. The Company s credit risk is mitigated through portfolio diversification, which limits exposure to any single customer, industry or collateral type. Typically, each consumer and residential lending product has a generally predictable level of credit losses based on historical loss experience. Home mortgage and home equity loans and lines generally have the lowest credit loss
experience. Loans secured by personal property, such as auto loans, generally experience medium credit losses. Unsecured loan products, such as personal revolving credit, have the highest credit loss experience and for that reason, the Company has chosen not to engage in a significant amount of this type of lending. Credit risk in commercial lending can vary significantly, as losses as a percentage of outstanding loans can shift widely during economic cycles and are particularly sensitive to changing economic conditions. Generally, improving economic conditions result in improved operating results on the part of commercial customers, enhancing their ability to meet their particular debt service requirements. Improvements, if any, in operating cash flows can be offset by the impact of rising interest rates that may occur during improved economic times. Declining economic conditions have an adverse affect on the operating
results of commercial customers, reducing their ability to meet debt service obligations. 

Recent economic conditions have had a broad based impact on the Company s loan portfolio as a whole. While current economic data has shown that the Mid-Atlantic region is outperforming most other markets in the nation, the Company s is continuing to deal with the impact from the economic pressures that are being experienced by its borrowers, especially in the construction lending portfolios. Workouts of existing non-performing loans and a marked decline in the migration of new problem credits resulted in a significant decline in non-performing loans, particularly in the commercial real estate portfolio, from December 31, 2009 to December 31, 2010. While the diversification of the lending portfolio among different commercial, residential and consumer product lines along
with different market conditions of the D.C. suburbs, Northern Virginia and Baltimore metropolitan area have mitigated some of the risks in the portfolio, weakened local economic conditions and non-performing loan levels may continue to be influenced by an uncertain economic recovery on both a regional and national level. 

To control and manage credit risk, management has a credit process in place to ensure credit standards are maintained along with a robust in-house loan administration accompanied by strong oversight and review procedures. The primary purpose of loan underwriting is the evaluation of specific lending risks and involves the analysis of the borrower s ability to service the debt as well as the assessment of the value of the underlying collateral. Oversight and review procedures include the monitoring of portfolio credit quality, early identification of potential problem credits and the aggressive management of problem credits. As part of the oversight and review process, the Company maintains an allowance for loan and lease losses (the allowance to absorb
estimated and probable losses in the loan and lease portfolio. The allowance is based on consistent, continuous review and evaluation of the loan and lease portfolio, along with ongoing, monthly assessments of the probable losses and problem credits in each portfolio. 

Substantially all of the fixed-rate conforming residential mortgage loans originated by the Company are sold in the secondary mortgage market. Concurrent with such sales, the Company is required to make customary representations and warranties to the purchasers about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated. The related sale agreements grant the purchasers recourse back to the Company, which could require the Company to repurchase loans or to share in any losses incurred by the purchasers. This recourse exposure typically extends for a period of six to eighteen months after the sale of the loan. Such transactions could be due to a number of causes including borrower fraud or early payment default. The Company has seen a very limited number of repurchase and indemnity demands from
purchasers for such events and routinely monitors its exposure in this regard. The Company has recorded a liability of 0.4 million for possible losses due to repurchases. Given its lack of history as to losses of this type, the Company believes that this reserve is adequate. 

The allowance for loan and leases losses represents an estimation of the losses that are inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. The adequacy of the allowance is determined through careful and ongoing evaluation of the credit portfolio, and involves consideration of a number of factors, as outlined below, to establish a prudent level. Determination of the allowance is inherently subjective and requires significant estimates, including estimated losses on pools of homogeneous loans and leases based on historical loss experience and consideration of current economic trends, which may be susceptible to significant change. Loans and leases deemed uncollectible are charged against the allowance, while recoveries are credited to the allowance. Management adjusts the level
of the allowance through the provision for loan and lease losses, which is recorded as a current period operating expense. 

The methodology for assessing the appropriateness of the allowance includes: (1) the general formula allowance reflecting historical losses, as adjusted, by credit category, and (2) the specific allowance for impaired credits on an individual or portfolio basis. This systematic allowance methodology is further described in the section entitled Critical Accounting Policies and in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The amount of the allowance is reviewed and approved quarterly by the Credit Risk Committee of the board of directors. 

38 

The Company recognizes a collateral dependent lending relationship as non-performing when either the loan becomes 90 days delinquent or as a result of factors (such as bankruptcy, interruption of cash flows, etc.) considered at the monthly credit committee meeting. When a commercial loan is placed on non-accrual status, it is considered to be impaired and all accrued but unpaid interest is reversed. However, not all impaired loans are in non-accrual status because they may be current with regards to the payment terms. Their determination as an impaired loan is based on some inherent weakness in the credit that may, if certain circumstances occur or arise, result in an inability to comply with the loan agreement s contractual terms. Impaired loans exclude large groups of
smaller-balance homogeneous loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment such as leases, residential real estate and consumer loans. All payments received on non-accrual loans are applied to the remaining principal balance of the loan(s). Integral to the assessment of the allowance process is an evaluation that is performed to determine whether a specific reserve on a problem credit is warranted and, when losses are confirmed, a charge-off is taken that is at least in the amount of the collateral deficiency as determined by an independent third party appraisal. Any further collateral deterioration results in either further specific reserves being established or additional charge-offs. At such time an action plan is agreed upon for the particular loan and an appraisal will be ordered depending on the time elapsed since the prior appraisal, the loan balance and/or the result of the internal evaluation. A current appraisal is
usually obtained if the appraisal on file is more than 12 months old. The Company s policy is to strictly adhere to regulatory appraisal standards. If an appraisal is ordered, no more than a 30 day turnaround is requested from the appraiser, who is selected by Credit Administration from an approved appraiser list. After receipt of the updated appraisal, the assigned credit officer will recommend to the Chief Credit Officer whether a specific reserve or a charge-off should be taken. The Chief Credit Officer has the authority to approve a specific reserve or charge-off between monthly credit committee meetings to insure that there are no significant time lapses during this process. 

The Company s systematic methodology for evaluating whether a loan is impaired begins with risk-rating credits on an individual basis and includes consideration of the borrower s overall financial condition, resources and payment record, the sufficiency of collateral and, in a select few cases, verifiable support from financial guarantors. The Company as a consistent practice does not rely solely on the existence of guarantees when determining whether a loan is impaired and in measuring the amount of the impairment. In measuring impairment, the Company looks to the discounted cash flows of the project itself or to the value of the collateral as the primary sources of repayment of the loan. While the Company will consider the existence of guarantees and the financial strength and wherewithal
of the guarantors involved in any loan relationship, it considers such guarantees only as a secondary source of repayment. Accordingly, the guarantee alone would not be sufficient to avoid classifying the loan as impaired. 

Management has established a credit process that dictates that structured procedures be performed to monitor these loans between the receipt of an original appraisal and the updated appraisal. These procedures include the following: 

An internal evaluation is updated quarterly to include borrower financial statements and/or cash flow projections. 

The client may be contacted for a meeting to discuss an updated or revised action plan which may include a request for additional collateral. 

Re-verification of the documentation supporting the Company s position with respect to the collateral securing the loan. 

At the monthly credit committee meeting the loan may be downgraded and a specific reserve may be decided upon in advance of the receipt of the appraisal. 

Upon receipt of the updated appraisal (or based on an updated internal financial evaluation) the loan balance is compared to the appraisal and a specific reserve is decided upon for the particular loan, typically for the amount of the difference between the appraisal and the loan balance. 

The Company will specifically reserve for or charge-off the excess of the loan amount over the amount of the appraisal. In certain cases the Company may establish a larger reserve due to knowledge of current market conditions or the existence of an offer for the collateral that will facilitate a more timely resolution of the loan. 

If an updated appraisal is received subsequent to the preliminary determination of a specific reserve or partial charge-off, and it is less than the initial appraisal used in the initial charge-off, an additional specific reserve or charge-off is taken on the related credit. Partially charged-off loans are not written back up based on updated appraisals and always remain on non-accrual with any and all subsequent payments applied to the remaining balance of the loan as principal reductions. No interest income is recognized on loans that have been partially charged-off. 

Loans may have their terms restructured (e.g., interest rates, loan maturity date, payment and amortization period, etc.) in circumstances that provide payment relief to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty. All restructured loans are considered impaired loans and may either be in accruing status or non-accruing status. Non-accruing restructured loans may return to accruing status provided there is a sufficient period of payment performance in accordance with the restructure terms. Loans may be removed from the restructured category in the year subsequent to the restructuring if their revised loans terms are considered to be consistent with terms that can be obtained in the credit market for loans with comparable risk. 

The Company generally follows a policy of not extending maturities on non-performing loans under existing terms. The Company may extend the maturity of a performing or current loan that may have some inherent weakness associated with the loan. Maturity date extensions only occur under terms that clearly place the Company in a position to increase or assure full collection of the loan under the contractual terms and /or terms at the time of the extension that may eliminate or mitigate the inherent weakness in the loan. These terms may incorporate, but are not limited to additional assignment of collateral, significant balance curtailments/liquidations and assignments of additional project cash flows. Guarantees may be a consideration in the extension of loan maturities, but the
Company does not extend loans based solely on guarantees. As a general matter, the Company does not view extension of a loan to be a satisfactory approach to resolving non-performing credits. On an exception basis, certain performing loans that have displayed some inherent weakness in the underlying collateral values, an inability to comply with certain loan covenants which are not affecting the performance of the credit or other identified weakness may be extended 

39 

Collateral values or estimates of discounted cash flows (inclusive of any potential cash flow from guarantees) are evaluated to estimate the probability and severity of potential losses. Then a specific amount of impairment is established based on the Company s calculation of the probable loss inherent in the individual loan. The actual occurrence and severity of losses involving impaired credits can differ substantially from estimates. 

Management believes that it uses relevant information available to make determinations about whether a loan is impaired in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States US GAAP ). However, the determination of impairment requires significant judgment, and estimates of probable losses in the loan and lease portfolio can vary significantly from the amounts actually observed. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, and independent consultants engaged by the Company, periodically review the loan and lease portfolio. These reviews may result in additional loans being considered impaired based on management s judgments of information available at the time of each examination. 

The Company makes provisions for loan and lease losses in amounts necessary to maintain the allowance at an appropriate level, as established by use of the allowance methodology discussed above. Provisions amounted to 25.9 million in 2010, 76.8 million in 2009 and 33.2 million in 2008, respectively. Net charge-offs of 28.3 million, 62.7 million and 7.8 million, were recorded in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. This resulted in a ratio of annualized net charge-offs to average loans and leases of 1.27 in 2010, 2.61 in 2009 and 0.32 in 2008. At December 31, 2010, the allowance for loan and lease losses was 62.1 million, or 2.88 of total loans and leases, compared to 64.6 million, or 2.81 of total loans and leases, at December 31, 2009. 

Management believes that the allowance is adequate. However, its determination requires significant judgment, and estimates of probable losses in the loan and lease portfolio can vary significantly from the amounts actually observed. While management uses available information to recognize probable losses, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in the credits comprising the portfolio and changes in the financial condition of borrowers, such as may result from changes in economic conditions. In addition, federal and state regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, and independent consultants engaged by the Bank, periodically review the loan and lease portfolio and the allowance. Such reviews may result in adjustments to the provision
based upon their analysis of the information available at the time of each examination. 

The following table presents a five-year history for the allocation of the allowance for loan and leases losses. The allowance is allocated in the following table to various loan and lease categories based on the methodology used to estimate loan losses; however, the allocation does not restrict the usage of the allowance for any specific loan or lease category. 

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 

December 31, 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Residential real estate: 

Residential mortgage 

10,396 

8,871 

4,330 

3,807 

2,411 

Residential construction 

2,760 

2,559 

2,747 

1,639 

1,616 

Total residential real estate 

13,156 

11,430 

7,077 

5,446 

4,027 

Commercial real estate: 

Commercial mortgage 

12,970 

10,978 

19,527 

7,854 

5,461 

Commercial construction 

18,241 

21,144 

13,046 

4,092 

2,197 

Total commercial real estate 

31,211 

32,122 

32,573 

11,946 

7,658 

Commercial Business 

12,870 

16,907 

7,174 

5,317 

4,857 

Leases 

667 

770 

908 

525 

364 

Consumer 

4,231 

3,330 

2,794 

1,858 

2,586 

Total allowance 

62,135 

64,559 

50,526 

25,092 

19,492 

During 2010, there were no major changes in estimation methods that affected the allowance methodology from the prior year. Variations can occur over time in the methodology s assessment of the adequacy of the allowance as a result of the credit performance of borrowers. There was no unallocated allowance at year-end 2010 or 2009, when measured against the total allowance. 

40 

At December 31, 2010, total non-performing loans and leases were 88.1 million, or 4.08 of total loans and leases, compared to 133.7 million, or 5.82 of total loans and leases, at December 31, 2009. The decrease in non-performing loans and leases was due primarily to a decrease of 47.9 million in nonaccrual loans and leases. Timely aggressive recognition and management of problem credits has significantly slowed the migration of these loans into non-accrual status during this period. The decrease in non-performing loans was due in large part to a decrease of 40.2 million in balances relating to six commercial relationships which included net charge-offs of 9.3 million and payments of 30.9 million. These relationships encompass 24 loans in the commercial construction,
commercial real estate and commercial business loan categories. None of these loans have had their maturities extended and only one 0.3 million loan has had the terms restructured since origination. Credit issues for home builders have been identified, workout strategies have been developed and the Company continues to monitor the performance of the underlying collateral, and to update appraisals, as necessary, given the context of market environment expectations. The allowance represented 71 of non-performing loans and leases at December 31, 2010 and 48 at December 31, 2009. The movement in the coverage ratio demonstrates the improvement in the allowance position. This increase in the coverage ratio is the direct result of a declining level of non-performing loans. An analysis of the actual loss history on the problem credits in 2009 and 2010 provided an indication that the coverage of the inherent losses on the problem
credits was adequate. The Company continues to monitor the impact of the economic conditions on our commercial customers, the reduced inflow of non-accruals, lower inflow in criticized loan and the significant decline in early stage delinquencies. The improvement in these credit metrics support management s outlook for continued improved credit quality performance. 

The balance of impaired loans was 69.6 million, with specific reserves of 3.8 million against those loans at December 31, 2010, as compared to 99.5 million with reserves of 6.6 million, at December 31, 2009. The decrease in specific reserves during this period of time was the direct result of the resolution by either charge-off or pay-down of several problem credits. 

The Company's borrowers are concentrated in six counties in Maryland and two counties in Virginia. Commercial and residential mortgages, including home equity loans and lines, represented 77 of total loans and leases at December 31, 2010, compared to 74 at December 31, 2009. Certain loan terms may create concentrations of credit risk and increase the lender s exposure to loss. These include terms that permit the deferral of principal payments or payments that are smaller than normal interest accruals (negative amortization); loans with high loan-to-value ratios; loans, such as option adjustable-rate mortgages, that may expose the borrower to future increases in repayments that are in excess of increases that would result solely from increases in market interest rates; and
interest-only loans. The Company does not make loans that provide for negative amortization. The Company originates option adjustable-rate mortgages infrequently and sells all of them in the secondary market. 

Summary of Loan and Lease Loss Experience 

The following table presents the activity in the allowance for loan and lease losses for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Balance, January 1 

64,559 

50,526 

25,092 

19,492 

16,886 

Provision for loan and lease losses 

25,908 

76,762 

33,192 

4,094 

2,795 

Allowance acquired from acquisitions 

- 

- 

- 

2,798 

- 

Loan charge-offs: 

Residential real estate 

(6,401) 

(4,847) 

(4,798) 

- 

- 

Commercial loans and leases 

(22,723) 

(57,098) 

(2,677) 

(1,103) 

(230) 

Consumer 

(3,492) 

(1,575) 

(988) 

(341) 

(85) 

Total charge-offs 

(32,616) 

(63,520) 

(8,463) 

(1,444) 

(315) 

Loan recoveries: 

Residential real estate 

34 

41 

21 

12 

- 

Commercial loans and leases 

4,028 

640 

475 

110 

89 

Consumer 

222 

110 

209 

30 

37 

Total recoveries 

4,284 

791 

705 

152 

126 

Net charge-offs 

(28,332) 

(62,729) 

(7,758) 

(1,292) 

(189) 

Balance, period end 

62,135 

64,559 

50,526 

25,092 

19,492 

Net charge-offs to average loans and leases 

1.27 

2.61 

0.32 

0.06 

0.01 

Allowance to total loans and leases 

2.88 

2.81 

2.03 

1.10 

1.08 

41 

Analysis of Credit Risk 

The following table presents information with respect to non-performing assets and 90-day delinquencies for the years indicated: 

At December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Non-accrual loans and leases 

Residential real estate 

9,251 

9,520 

11,679 

599 

354 

Commercial loans and leases 

53,776 

100,894 

55,890 

22,368 

1,534 

Consumer 

300 

766 

381 

73 

22 

Total non-accrual loans and leases (1) 

63,327 

111,180 

67,950 

23,040 

1,910 

Loans and leases 90 days past due 

Residential real estate 

13,546 

14,887 

471 

3,992 

123 

Commercial loans and leases 

426 

3,321 

567 

7,236 

1,665 

Consumer 

182 

793 

- 

134 

35 

Total 90 days past due loans and leases 

14,154 

19,001 

1,038 

11,362 

1,823 

Restructured loans and leases (accruing) 

10,571 

3,549 

395 

- 

- 

Total non-performing loans and leases (2) 

88,052 

133,730 

69,383 

34,402 

3,733 

Other real estate owned, net 

9,493 

7,464 

2,860 

461 

182 

Other assets owned 

200 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total non-performing assets 

97,745 

141,194 

72,243 

34,863 

3,915 

Non-performing loans to total loans and leases 

4.08 

5.82 

2.79 

1.51 

0.21 

Non-performing assets to total assets 

2.78 

3.89 

2.18 

1.15 

0.15 

Allowance for loan and leases to 

non-performing loans and leases 

70.57 

48.28 

72.82 

72.94 

522.15 

(1) 

Gross interest income that would have been recorded in 2010 if non-accrual loans and leases shown above had been current and in accordance with their original terms was 6.6 million. No interest was recorded on these loans during the year. Please see Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the Company s policy for placing loans on non-accrual status. 

(2) 

Performing loans considered potential problem loans, as defined and identified by management, amounted to 60.6 million at December 31, 2010. Although these are loans where known information about the borrowers' possible credit problems causes management to have concerns as to the borrowers' ability to comply with the loan repayment terms, most are current as to payment terms, well collateralized and are not believed to present significant risk of loss. Loans classified for regulatory purposes not included in either non-performing or potential problem loans consist only of "other loans especially mentioned" and do not, in management's opinion, represent or result from trends or uncertainties reasonably expected to materially impact future operating results, liquidity or capital resources, or represent material credits where known information about the borrowers'
possible credit problems causes management to have doubts as to the borrowers' ability to comply with the loan repayment terms. 

Market Risk Management 

The Company's net income is largely dependent on its net interest income. Net interest income is susceptible to interest rate risk to the extent that interest-bearing liabilities mature or re-price on a different basis than interest-earning assets. When interest-bearing liabilities mature or re-price more quickly than interest-earning assets in a given period, a significant increase in market rates of interest could adversely affect net interest income. Similarly, when interest-earning assets mature or re-price more quickly than interest-bearing liabilities, falling interest rates could result in a decrease in net interest income. Net interest income is also affected by changes in the portion of interest-earning assets that are funded by interest-bearing liabilities rather than by
other sources of funds, such as noninterest-bearing deposits and stockholders' equity. 

The Company s interest rate risk management goals are (1) to increase net interest income at a growth rate consistent with the growth rate of total assets, and (2) to minimize fluctuations in net interest margin as a percentage of earning assets. Management attempts to achieve these goals by balancing, within policy limits, the volume of floating-rate liabilities with a similar volume of floating-rate assets; by keeping the average maturity of fixed-rate asset and liability contracts reasonably matched; by maintaining a pool of administered core deposits; and by adjusting pricing rates to market conditions on a continuing basis. 

The Company s board of directors has established a comprehensive interest rate risk management policy, which is administered by management s ALCO. The policy establishes limits on risk, which are quantitative measures of the percentage change in net interest income (a measure of net interest income at risk) and the fair value of equity capital (a measure of economic value of equity or EVE at risk) resulting from a hypothetical change in U.S. Treasury interest rates for maturities from one day to thirty years. The Company measures the potential adverse impacts that changing interest rates may have on its short-term earnings, long-term value, and liquidity by employing simulation analysis through the use of computer modeling. The simulation model captures optionality factors such as call
features and interest rate caps and floors imbedded in investment and loan portfolio contracts. As with any method of gauging interest rate risk, there are certain shortcomings inherent in the interest rate modeling methodology used by the Company. When interest rates change, actual movements in different categories of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, loan prepayments, and withdrawals of time and other deposits, may deviate significantly from assumptions used in the model. Finally, the methodology does not measure or reflect the impact that higher rates may have on adjustable-rate loan customers ability to service their debts, or the impact of rate changes on demand for loan, lease, and deposit products. 

42 

The Company prepares a current base case and eight alternative simulations at least once a quarter, and reports the analysis to the board of directors. In addition, more frequent forecasts are produced when interest rates are particularly uncertain or when other business conditions so dictate. 

The statement of condition is subject to quarterly testing for eight alternative interest rate shock possibilities to indicate the inherent interest rate risk. Average interest rates are shocked by +/- 100, 200, 300, and 400 basis points bp ), although the Company may elect not to use particular scenarios that it determines are impractical in a current rate environment. It is management s goal to structure the balance sheet so that net interest earnings at risk over a twelve-month period and the economic value of equity at risk do not exceed policy guidelines at the various interest rate shock levels. 

The Company augments its quarterly interest rate shock analysis with alternative external interest rate scenarios on a monthly basis. These alternative interest rate scenarios may include non-parallel rate ramps and non-parallel yield curve twists. If a measure of risk produced by the alternative simulations of the entire balance sheet violates policy guidelines, ALCO is required to develop a plan to restore the measure of risk to a level that complies with policy limits within two quarters. 

Measures of net interest income at risk produced by simulation analysis are indicators of an institution s short-term performance in alternative rate environments. These measures are typically based upon a relatively brief period, usually one year. They do not necessarily indicate the long-term prospects or economic value of the institution. 

Estimated Changes in Net Interest Income 

Estimated Changes in Net Interest Income 

Change in Interest Rates: 

+ 400 bp 

+ 300 bp 

+ 200 bp 

+ 100 bp 

- 100 bp 

- 200 bp 

-300 bp 

-400 bp 

Policy Limit 

23.50 

17.50 

15.00 

10.00 

10.00 

15.00 

17.50 

23.50 

December 31, 2010 

(3.64) 

(1.28) 

(0.15) 

(0.06) 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

December 31, 2009 

(15.27) 

(9.52) 

(5.03) 

(1.71) 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

As shown above, measures of net interest income at risk decreased from December 31, 2009 at all interest rate shock levels. All measures remained well within prescribed policy limits. 

The risk position decreased substantially in the rising rate scenarios due to a lengthening of durations in deposits and borrowings which offset the longer duration of the investment portfolio, resulting in a larger asset sensitive gap position. As rates were shocked up, interest expense did not increase appreciably due to the growth in noninterest-bearing demand deposit, regular savings and NOW accounts whose rates are administered by management and thus less subject to interest rate movements. Further, it is assumed that the lower market rates at year-end will cause fewer FHLB convertible advances to be called in the up shock scenarios, thus limiting any further increase in interest expense. 

The measures of equity value at risk indicate the ongoing economic value of the Company by considering the effects of changes in interest rates on all of the Company s cash flows, and by discounting the cash flows to estimate the present value of assets and liabilities. The difference between these discounted values of the assets and liabilities is the economic value of equity, which, in theory, approximates the fair value of the Company s net assets. 

Estimated Changes in Economic Value of Equity (EVE) 

Estimated Changes in Economic Value of Equity (EVE) 

Change in Interest Rates: 

+ 400 bp 

+ 300 bp 

+ 200 bp 

+ 100 bp 

- 100 bp 

- 200 bp 

-300 bp 

-400 bp 

Policy Limit 

35.00 

25.00 

20.00 

10.00 

10.00 

20.00 

25.00 

35.00 

December 31, 2010 

(12.49) 

(9.78) 

(5.69) 

(2.68) 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

December 31, 2009 

(23.29) 

(12.78) 

(7.43) 

(2.29) 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Measures of the economic value of equity (EVE) at risk decreased compared to year-end 2009 in all interest rate shock levels except the +100 bp level.. The economic value of equity exposure at +200 bp is now -5.69 compared to -7.43 at year-end 2009, and is well within the policy limit of 20.0 , as are measures at all other shock levels. 

During 2010, the Company s core deposit premium has increased due primarily to longer durations and increased balances in noninterest-bearing demand deposit, regular savings and NOW accounts. This has caused a generally positive impact to EVE in the rising shock bands as those funds provide additional premium in a rising rate environment due to the assumption that such rates will lag the pace of increase in overall market rates. In addition, the Company s equity position increased over 2009 due to its common stock offering in 2010 and positive earnings. 

43 

Liquidity Management 

Liquidity is measured by a financial institution's ability to raise funds through loan and lease repayments, maturing investments, deposit growth, borrowed funds, capital and the sale of highly marketable assets such as investment securities and residential mortgage loans. The Company's liquidity position, considering both internal and external sources available, exceeded anticipated short-term and long-term needs at December 31, 2010. Management considers core deposits, defined to include all deposits other than time deposits of 100 thousand or more, to be a relatively stable funding source. Core deposits equaled 70 of total earning assets at December 31, 2010 . In addition, loan and lease payments, maturities, calls and pay
downs of securities, deposit growth and earnings contribute a flow of funds available to meet liquidity requirements. In assessing liquidity, management considers operating requirements, the seasonality of deposit flows, investment, loan and deposit maturities and calls, expected funding of loans and deposit withdrawals, and the market values of available-for-sale investments, so that sufficient funds are available on short notice to meet obligations as they arise and to ensure that the Company is able to pursue new business opportunities. 

Liquidity is measured using an approach designed to take into account, in addition to factors already discussed above, the Company s growth and mortgage banking activities. Also considered are changes in the liquidity of the investment portfolio due to fluctuations in interest rates. Under this approach, implemented by the Funds Management Subcommittee of ALCO under formal policy guidelines, the Company s liquidity position is measured weekly, looking forward at thirty day intervals from thirty (30) to three hundred sixty (360) days. The measurement is based upon the projection of funds sold or purchased position, along with ratios and trends developed to measure dependence on purchased funds and core growth. Resulting projections as of December 31, 2010,
show short-term investments exceeding short-term borrowings by 53.8 million over the subsequent 360 days. This projected excess of liquidity versus requirements provides the Company with flexibility in how it funds loans and other earning assets. 

The Company also has external sources of funds, which can be drawn upon when required. The main sources of external liquidity are available lines of credit with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta and the Federal Reserve. The line of credit with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta totaled 1.1 billion, of which 566.3 million was available for borrowing based on pledged collateral, with 410.8 million borrowed against it as of December 31, 2010. The line of credit at the Federal Reserve totaled 260.0 million, all of which was available for borrowing based on pledged collateral, with no borrowings against it as of December 31, 2010. Other external sources of liquidity available to the Company in the form of unsecured lines of credit granted by correspondent banks totaled 35.0
million at December 31, 20010, against which there were no outstanding borrowings. In addition, the Company had a secured line of credit with a correspondent bank of 20.0 million as of December 31, 2010. Based upon its liquidity analysis, including external sources of liquidity available, management believes the liquidity position was appropriate at December 31, 2010. 

The parent company Bancorp is a separate legal entity from the Bank and must provide for its own liquidity. In addition to its operating expenses, Bancorp is responsible for paying any dividends declared to its common shareholders, dividends on its preferred stock, and interest and principal on outstanding debt. Bancorp s primary source of income is dividends received from the Bank. The amount of dividends that the Bank may declare and pay to Bancorp in any calendar year, without the receipt of prior approval from the Federal Reserve, cannot exceed net income for that year to date plus retained net income (as defined) for the preceding two calendar years. Based on this requirement, as of December 31, 2010, the Bank could have declared a dividend of 12.9 million to Bancorp. At December 31,
2010, Bancorp had liquid assets of 12.2 million. 

The Company has various contractual obligations that affect its cash flows and liquidity. For information regarding material contractual obligations, please see Market Risk Management above, Contractual Obligations below, and Note 6-Premises and Equipment, Note 9-Borrowings, Note 13-Pension, Profit Sharing and Other Employee Benefit Plans, Note 19-Financial Instruments with Off-balance Sheet Risk and Derivatives, and Note 21-Fair Value of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

With the exception of the Company s obligations in connection with its trust preferred securities, irrevocable letters of credit, and loan commitments, the Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company s financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources, that is material to investors. The trust preferred securities were issued by Sandy Spring Capital Trust II (the Trust ), a subsidiary of the Company created for the purpose of issuing the trust preferred securities and purchasing the Company s junior subordinated debentures, which are its sole assets. These junior subordinated
debentures bear a maturity date of October 7, 2034, which may be shortened, subject to conditions, to a date no earlier than October 7, 2009. The Company owns all of the Trust s outstanding securities. The Company and the Trust believe that, taken together, the Company s obligations under the junior subordinated debentures, the Indenture, the Trust Agreement, and the Guarantee entered into in connection with the issuance of the trust preferred securities and the debentures, in the aggregate constitute a full, irrevocable and unconditional guarantee of the Trust s obligations. For additional information on off-balance sheet arrangements, please see Note 19-Financial Instruments with Off-balance Sheet Risk and Derivatives and Note 9-Borrowings of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and Capital Management and Securities . 

44 

Contractual Obligations 

Projected Maturity Date or Payment Period (1) 

Less than 

After 

(In thousands) 

Total 

1 year 

1-3 Years 

3-5 Years 

5 Years 

Retail repurchase agreements 

86,243 

86,243 

- 

- 

- 

FHLB overnight funds 

10,000 

10,000 

- 

- 

- 

Advances from FHLB 

405,758 

350 

408 

- 

405,000 

Certificates of deposit 

630,964 

460,916 

127,855 

42,193 

- 

Operating lease obligations 

22,862 

5,292 

8,414 

5,063 

4,093 

Purchase obligations (2) 

9,114 

2,347 

4,871 

1,896 

- 

Total 

1,164,941 

565,148 

141,548 

49,152 

409,093 

(1) 

The Company enters into contractual obligations in the normal course of business. Among these obligations are FHLB advances, operating leases related to branch and administrative facilities, a long-term contract with a data processing provider and purchase contracts related to construction of new branch offices. Payments required under these obligations, are set forth in the table below as of December 31, 2010. Assumed a seven year term for purposes of this table. 

(2) 

Represents payments required under contract, based on average monthly charges for 2010 and assuming a growth rate of 3 with the Company s current data processing service provider that expires in September 2014. 

45 

PART II 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) . As required by SEC rules, the Company s management evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2010. The Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer participated in the evaluation, which was based upon the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting included in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on this evaluation, the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2010. 

The attestation report by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Grant Thornton LLP, on the Company s internal control over financial reporting begins on the following pages. 

46 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 

Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. 

We have audited Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. (a Maryland corporation) and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In our opinion, Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated statements of condition of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, and the related consolidated statements of income/(loss), changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2010. Our report dated March 16, 2011, expressed an unqualified opinion. 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 

March 16, 2011 

47 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 

Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of condition of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. (a Maryland corporation) and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, and the related consolidated statements of income/(loss), changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2010. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2010 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and our report dated March 16, 2011 expressed an unqualified opinion. 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 

March 16, 2011 

48 

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONDITION 

December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2010 

2009 

Assets 

Cash and due from banks 

44,696 

49,430 

Federal funds sold 

1,813 

1,863 

Interest-bearing deposits with banks 

16,608 

8,503 

Cash and cash equivalents 

63,117 

59,796 

Residential mortgage loans held for sale (at fair value) 

22,717 

12,498 

Investments available-for-sale (at fair value) 

907,283 

858,433 

Investments held-to-maturity -- fair value of 104,124 and 137,787 at December 31, 2010 and 

2009, respectively 

101,590 

132,593 

Other equity securities 

34,070 

32,773 

Total loans and leases 

2,156,232 

2,298,010 

Less: allowance for loan and lease losses 

(62,135) 

(64,559) 

Net loans and leases 

2,094,097 

2,233,451 

Premises and equipment, net 

49,004 

49,606 

Other real estate owned 

9,493 

7,464 

Accrued interest receivable 

12,570 

13,653 

Goodwill 

76,816 

76,816 

Other intangible assets, net 

6,578 

8,537 

Other assets 

142,053 

144,858 

Total assets 

3,519,388 

3,630,478 

Liabilities 

Noninterest-bearing deposits 

566,812 

540,578 

Interest-bearing deposits 

1,983,060 

2,156,264 

Total deposits 

2,549,872 

2,696,842 

Securites sold under retail repurchase agreements and federal funds purchased 

96,243 

89,062 

Advances from FHLB 

405,758 

411,584 

Subordinated debentures 

35,000 

35,000 

Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

24,946 

24,404 

Total liabilities 

3,111,819 

3,256,892 

Stockholders' Equity 

Preferred stock par value 1.00 (liquidation preference of 1,000 per share) shares authorized 83,094, 

shares issued and outstanding 83,094 at December 31, 2009, net of discount of 2,999 at December 31, 2009 

- 

80,095 

Common stock -- par value 1.00; shares authorized 49,916,906; shares issued and outstanding 

24,046,627 and 16,487,852 at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively 

24,047 

16,488 

Warrants 

3,699 

3,699 

Additional paid in capital 

177,344 

87,334 

Retained earnings 

205,099 

188,622 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(2,620) 

(2,652) 

Total stockholders' equity 

407,569 

373,586 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

3,519,388 

3,630,478 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements 

49 

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOM E/(LOSS) 

Year Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Interest Income: 

Interest and fees on loans and leases 

115,789 

126,899 

148,765 

Interest on loans held for sale 

534 

767 

436 

Interest on deposits with banks 

177 

149 

112 

Interest and dividends on securities: 

Taxable 

24,624 

19,945 

10,177 

Exempt from federal income taxes 

7,222 

7,467 

8,800 

Interest on federal funds sold 

3 

3 

555 

Total interest income 

148,349 

155,230 

168,845 

Interest Expense: 

Interest on deposits 

16,934 

34,921 

42,816 

Interest on retail repurchase agreements and federal funds purchased 

269 

308 

1,795 

Interest on advances from FHLB 

14,599 

14,708 

13,553 

Interest on subordinated debt 

940 

1,585 

2,222 

Total interest expense 

32,742 

51,522 

60,386 

Net interest income 

115,607 

103,708 

108,459 

Provision for loan and lease losses 

25,908 

76,762 

33,192 

Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses 

89,699 

26,946 

75,267 

Non-interest Income: 

Securities gains 

796 

418 

663 

Other-than-temporary impairment ("OTTI") losses 

(1,505) 

- 

- 

Portion of OTTI losses recognized in other comprehensive income, before taxes 

993 

- 

- 

Net OTTI recognized in earnings 

(512) 

- 

- 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

10,326 

11,433 

12,778 

Gains on sales of mortgage loans 

3,251 

3,253 

2,288 

Fees on sales of investment products 

3,438 

2,823 

3,475 

Trust and investment management fees 

10,287 

9,421 

9,483 

Insurance agency commissions 

5,229 

5,236 

5,908 

Income from bank owned life insurance 

2,800 

2,906 

2,902 

Visa check fees 

3,325 

2,920 

2,875 

Other income 

7,053 

6,877 

5,865 

Total non-interest income 

45,993 

45,287 

46,237 

Non-interest Expenses: 

Salaries and employee benefits 

55,470 

54,460 

53,015 

Occupancy expense of premises 

11,477 

10,710 

10,762 

Equipment expenses 

4,808 

5,691 

6,156 

Marketing 

2,359 

2,166 

2,163 

Outside data services 

3,992 

3,721 

4,373 

FDIC insurance 

4,497 

6,092 

1,751 

Amortization of intangible assets 

1,959 

3,646 

4,447 

Goodwill impairment loss 

- 

- 

4,159 

Other expenses 

18,561 

16,599 

15,257 

Total non-interest expense 

103,123 

103,085 

102,083 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

32,569 

(30,852) 

19,421 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

9,049 

(15,997) 

3,642 

Net income (loss) 

23,520 

(14,855) 

15,779 

Preferred stock dividends and discount accretion 

6,149 

4,810 

334 

Net income (loss) available to common stockholders 

17,371 

(19,665) 

15,445 

Net Income (Loss) Per Share Amounts: 

Basic net income (loss) per share 

1.05 

(0.90) 

0.96 

Basic net income (loss) per common share 

0.78 

(1.20) 

0.94 

Diluted net income (loss) per share 

1.05 

(0.90) 

0.96 

Diluted net income (loss) per common share 

0.78 

(1.20) 

0.94 

Dividends declared per common share 

0.04 

0.37 

0.96 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements 

50 

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

23,520 

(14,855 

15,779 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash (used in provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

7,686 

9,827 

10,837 

Goodwill impairment loss 

- 

- 

4,159 

Net OTTI recognized in earnings 

512 

- 

- 

Provision for loan and lease losses 

25,908 

76,762 

33,192 

Share based compensation expense 

904 

762 

772 

Deferred income tax benefit 

(480 

(7,237 

(10,517 

Origination of loans held for sale 

(244,707 

(339,553 

(188,899 

Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale 

237,787 

341,798 

186,723 

Gains on sales of loans held for sale 

(3,251 

(3,253 

(2,288 

Securities gains 

(796 

(418 

(663 

Gains (losses) on sales of premises and equipment 

(92 

- 

46 

Losses on other real estate owned 

902 

46 

84 

Net (increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable 

1,083 

(1,843 

3,145 

Net (increase) decrease in other assets 

5,763 

(30,914 

(8,647 

Net increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities 

(3,040 

(9,688 

8,620 

Other net 

4,948 

5,457 

(2,532 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

56,647 

26,891 

49,811 

Investing activities: 

Purchases of other equity securities 

(1,297 

(3,627 

(5,379 

Purchases of investments available-for-sale 

(725,641 

(911,277 

(295,661 

Proceeds from maturities, calls and principal payments of investments held-to-maturity 

31,240 

39,184 

63,105 

Proceeds from maturities, calls and principal payments of investments available-for-sale 

548,583 

347,856 

189,569 

Proceeds from sales of investments available-for-sale 

123,526 

Proceeds from redemption of VISA stock 

- 

- 

429 

Net (increase) decrease in loans and leases 

103,110 

124,290 

(231,853 

Contingent consideration payout 

- 

(2,308 

(3,915 

Proceeds from the sales of other real estate owned 

7,405 

967 

240 

Expenditures for premises and equipment 

(3,645 

(3,110 

(2,250 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

83,281 

(408,025 

(285,715 

Financing activities: 

Net increase (decrease) in deposits 

(146,970 

331,585 

91,389 

Net increase (decrease) in retail repurchase agreements and federal funds purchased 

7,181 

13,956 

(22,911 

Proceeds from advances from FHLB 

- 

- 

246,000 

Repayment of advances from FHLB 

(5,826 

(968 

(126,956 

Common stock issued pursuant to West Financial Services acquisition 

- 

628 

- 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

96,464 

521 

743 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 

- 

- 

83,094 

Redemption of preferred stock 

(83,094 

- 

- 

Tax benefits associated with shared based compensation 

201 

26 

51 

Dividends paid 

(4,563 

(10,047 

(15,764 

Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 

(136,607 

335,701 

255,646 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

3,321 

(45,433 

19,742 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

59,796 

105,229 

85,487 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

63,117 

59,796 

105,229 

Supplemental Disclosures: 

Interest payments 

33,183 

52,416 

59,902 

Income tax payments 

2,181 

3,920 

21,404 

Transfers from loans to other real estate owned 

10,336 

5,617 

2,723 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements 

51 

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Total 

Preferred 

Common 

Paid-In 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Stockholders 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Stock 

Stock 

Warrants 

Capital 

Earnings 

Loss 

Equity 

Balances at December 31, 2007 

- 

16,349 

- 

83,970 

216,376 

(1,055) 

315,640 

Adjustment to reflect adoption of EITF Issue 06-04 effective January 1, 2008 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(1,647) 

- 

(1,647) 

Balance as of January 1, 2008 following adoption of EITF issue 06-04 

- 

16,349 

- 

83,970 

214,729 

(1,055) 

313,993 

Comprehensive Income: 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

15,779 

- 

15,779 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Net unrealized gain on debt securities, net of reclassification adjustment 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(581) 

(581) 

Change in funded status of defined benefit pension 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(5,936) 

(5,936) 

Total Comprehensive Income 

9,262 

Common stock dividends- 0.96 per share 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(15,764) 

- 

(15,764) 

Preferred stock dividends - 3.48 per share 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(289) 

- 

(289) 

Stock compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

772 

- 

- 

772 

Common stock issued pursuant to: 

Stock option plan - 9,127 shares (16,837 shares issued less 7,710 shares retired) 

- 

9 

- 

53 

- 

- 

62 

Employee stock purchase plan 32,891 shares 

- 

33 

- 

609 

- 

- 

642 

Director stock purchase plan 1,479 shares 

- 

2 

- 

38 

- 

- 

40 

Restricted stock- 5,709 shares 

- 

6 

- 

44 

- 

- 

50 

Preferred stock issued pursuant to: 

TARP - 83,094 shares 

83,094 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

83,094 

Discount from issuance of preferred stock 

(3,699) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(3,699) 

Discount accretion 

45 

- 

- 

- 

(45) 

- 

- 

Warrant issued 

- 

- 

3,699 

- 

- 

- 

3,699 

Balances at December 31, 2008 

79,440 

16,399 

3,699 

85,486 

214,410 

(7,572) 

391,862 

Comprehensive Income: 

Net income (loss) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(14,855) 

- 

(14,855) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Net unrealized gain on debt securities, net of reclassification adjustment 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

3,384 

3,384 

Change in funded status of defined benefit pension 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

1,536 

1,536 

Total Comprehensive Income 

(9,935) 

Common stock dividends- 0.37 per share 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(6,123) 

- 

(6,123) 

Preferred stock dividends - 50.00 per share 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(4,155) 

- 

(4,155) 

Stock compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

762 

- 

- 

762 

Discount accretion 

655 

- 

- 

- 

(655) 

- 

- 

Common stock issued pursuant to: 

Contingent consideration relating to 2005 acquisition of West Financial - 31,663 shares 

- 

32 

- 

596 

- 

- 

628 

Employee stock purchase plan - 40,598 shares 

- 

41 

- 

429 

- 

- 

470 

Director stock purchase plan - 2,988 shares 

- 

3 

- 

37 

- 

- 

40 

Restricted stock - 11,574 shares 

- 

11 

- 

(6) 

- 

- 

5 

DRIP plan - 2,560 shares 

- 

2 

- 

30 

- 

- 

32 

Balances at December 31, 2009 

80,095 

16,488 

3,699 

87,334 

188,622 

(2,652) 

373,586 

Comprehensive Income: 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

23,520 

- 

23,520 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax: 

Net unrealized gain on debt securities, net of reclassification adjustment 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(81) 

(81) 

Change in funded status of defined benefit pension 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

113 

113 

Total Comprehensive Income 

23,552 

Redemption of preferred stock - 83,094 shares 

(83,094) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(83,094) 

Common stock dividends - 0.04 per share 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(893) 

- 

(893) 

Preferred stock dividends - 50.00 per share 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(3,151) 

- 

(3,151) 

Stock compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

904 

- 

- 

904 

Discount accretion 

2,999 

- 

- 

- 

(2,999) 

- 

- 

Common stock issued pursuant to: 

Common stock issuance - 7,475,000 shares 

- 

7,475 

- 

88,159 

- 

- 

95,634 

Stock option plan - 30,498 shares 

- 

31 

- 

434 

- 

- 

465 

Employee stock purchase plan - 33,826 shares 

- 

34 

- 

386 

- 

- 

420 

Restricted stock - 15,477 shares 

- 

15 

- 

72 

- 

- 

87 

Director stock purchase plan - 3,709 shares 

- 

4 

- 

51 

- 

- 

55 

DRIP plan - 265 shares 

- 

- 

- 

4 

- 

- 

4 

Balances at December 31, 2010 

- 

24,047 

3,699 

177,344 

205,099 

(2,620) 

407,569 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements 

52 

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Nature of Operations 

Sandy Spring Bancorp (the Company ), a Maryland corporation, is the bank holding company for Sandy Spring Bank (the Bank ), which conducts a full-service commercial banking, mortgage banking and trust business. Services to individuals and businesses include accepting deposits, extending real estate, consumer and commercial loans and lines of credit, equipment leasing, general insurance, personal trust, and investment and wealth management services. The Company operates in the six Maryland counties of Anne Arundel, Carroll, Frederick, Howard, Montgomery, and Prince George's, and in Fairfax and Loudoun counties in Virginia. The Company offers investment and wealth management services through the Bank s subsidiary, West Financial Services. Insurance products are available
to clients through Chesapeake Insurance Group, and Neff Associates, which are agencies of Sandy Spring Insurance Corporation. 

Basis of Presentation 

The accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and prevailing practices within the financial services industry. The following summary of significant accounting policies of the Company is presented to assist the reader in understanding the financial and other data presented in this report. The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date of the issuance of its financial statements. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Sandy Spring Bank and its subsidiaries, Sandy Spring Insurance Corporation and West Financial Services, Inc. Consolidation has resulted in the elimination of all significant intercompany accounts and transactions. The financial statements of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. (Parent Only) include its investment in the Bank under the equity method of accounting. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior period amounts to conform to the current period presentation. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and affect the reported amounts of revenues earned and expenses incurred during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates that could change significantly relate to the provision for loan and lease losses and the related allowance, potential impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, valuation of investment securities and the determination of whether impaired securities are other-than-temporarily impaired, determination of impaired loans and the related measurement of impairment, valuation of other real estate owned,
prepayment rates, valuation of share-based compensation, the assessment that a liability should be recognized with respect to any matters under litigation, the calculation of current and deferred income taxes and the actuarial projections related to pension expense and the related liability. 

Assets Under Management 

Assets held for others under fiduciary and agency relationships are not assets of the Company or its subsidiaries and are not included in the accompanying balance sheets. Trust department income and investment management fees are presented on an accrual basis. 

Cash Flows 

For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash and due from banks, federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits with banks (items with an original maturity of three months or less). 

Residential Mortgage Loans Held for Sale 

The Company engages in sales of residential mortgage loans originated by the Bank. Loans held for sale are carried at fair value. Fair value is derived from secondary market quotations for similar instruments. The Company measures residential mortgage loans at fair value when the Company first recognizes the loan (i.e. the fair value option), as permitted by current accounting standards. Changes in fair value of these loans are recorded in earnings as gains or losses on sales of these loans as a component of non-interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income/(Loss). The Company's current practice is to sell such loans on a servicing released basis. 

Investments Held-to-Maturity 

Investments held-to-maturity are those securities which the Company has the ability and positive intent to hold until maturity. These securities are recorded at cost at the time of purchase. The carrying values of investments held-to-maturity are adjusted for premium amortization and discount accretion to the maturity date on the effective interest method. Related interest and dividends are included in interest income. Declines in the fair value of individual held-to-maturity investments below their cost that are other-than-temporary result in write-downs of the individual securities to their fair value. Factors that may affect the determination of whether other-than-temporary impairment has occurred include a downgrading of the security below investment grade by the rating agency or due to
potential default, a significant deterioration in the financial condition of the issuer, or that management would not have the ability to hold a security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. 

53 

Investments Available-for-Sale 

Marketable equity securities and debt securities not classified as held-to-maturity or trading are classified as securities available-for-sale. Securities available-for-sale are acquired as part of the Company's asset/liability management strategy and may be sold in response to changes in interest rates, loan demand, changes in prepayment risk or other factors. Securities available-for-sale are carried at fair value, with unrealized gains or losses based on the difference between amortized cost and fair value, reported net of deferred tax, as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a separate component of stockholders' equity. The carrying values of securities available-for-sale are adjusted for premium amortization and discount accretion to the maturity date on the effective interest method. Realized
gains and losses on security sales or maturities, using the specific identification method, are included as a separate component of non-interest income. Related interest and dividends are included in interest income. Declines in the fair value of individual available-for-sale securities below their cost that are other-than-temporary OTTI result in write-downs of the individual securities to their fair value. Factors affecting the determination of whether other-than-temporary impairment has occurred include a downgrading of the security below investment grade by a rating agency or due to potential default, a significant deterioration in the financial condition of the issuer, or a change in management s intent and ability to hold a security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. 

Other Equity Securities 

Other equity securities represent Federal Reserve Bank, Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta stock and Atlantic Central Banker s Bank stocks and are considered restricted as to marketability and recorded at cost. These securities are carried at cost and evaluated for impairment each reporting period. 

Loans and Lease Financing Receivables 

The Company s financing receivables consist of loans and leases that are stated at their principal balance outstanding net of any unearned income and deferred fees and costs. Interest income on loans is accrued at the contractual rate based on the principal outstanding. Loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, are deferred and recognized as an adjustment of the related loan yield using the interest method. Lease financing receivables, all of which are direct financing leases, include aggregate payments, net of related unearned income. Leasing income is recognized on a basis that achieves a constant periodic rate of return on the outstanding lease financing balances over the lease terms. 

Loans are considered past due or delinquent when the principal or interest due in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement or any portion thereof remains unpaid after the due date of the scheduled payment. Immaterial shortfalls in payment amounts do not necessarily result in a loan being considered delinquent or past due. If any payments are past due and subsequent payments are resumed without payment of the delinquent amount, the loan shall continue to be considered past due. Whenever any loan is reported delinquent on a principal or interest payment or portion thereof, the amount reported as delinquent is the outstanding principal balance of the loan. 

Loans and leases, except for consumer loans, are placed into non-accrual status when any portion of the loan principal or interest becomes 90 days past due and collateral is insufficient to discharge the debt in full. Management may determine that certain circumstances warrant earlier discontinuance of interest accruals on specific loans if an evaluation of other relevant factors (such as bankruptcy, interruption of cash flows, etc.) indicates collection of amounts contractually due is unlikely. These loans are considered, collectively, to be non-performing loans. Consumer installment loans are not placed on non-accrual, but are charged off when they are four months past due. Loans designated as non-accrual will have all previously accrued but unpaid interest
reversed. Interest on non-accrual loans is accounted for on the cash-basis for loans that are well secured and in the process of collection or using the cost-recovery method with all payments applied to reduce the outstanding principal until the loan returns to accrual status. Loans may be returned to accrual status when all principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured 

Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are not individually evaluated for impairment and include lease financing receivables, residential permanent and construction mortgages and consumer installment loans. All other loans are considered non-homogeneous and are evaluated for impairment if they are placed in non-accrual status. Impaired loans may not necessarily be in non-accrual status due to continued timely contractual payment performance coupled with other pertinent factors, such as, sufficient collateral value. Loans are evaluated for impairment when, based on available information it is probable that the Company may not collect all principal and interest payments according to contractual terms. Factors considered in determining whether a loan is impaired
include: 

the financial condition of the borrower; 

reliability and sources of the cash flows; 

absorption or vacancy rates; and 

value of the related collateral. 

54 

The impairment of a loan is measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's original effective interest rate, as permitted, we may elect to measure impairment based on a loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral less cost to sell if repayment is expected to be provided solely by the underlying collateral (collateral dependent loans).The majority of the Company s impaired loans are considered to be collateral dependent and impairment is measured by determining the fair value of the collateral using third party appraisals conducted at least annually that are reviewed by management for propriety and reasonableness. Third party appraisals may be obtained on a more frequent basis if deemed necessary. Internal evaluations of collateral
value are conducted quarterly to ensure any further deterioration of the collateral value is recognized on a timely basis. Based on the impairment evaluation, if the Company determines a measurable loss exists, a specific reserve will be established for that loan. Once a loss has been confirmed, the loan is charged-down to its estimated fair value. Interest income on impaired loans is recognized using the same method as non-accrual loans, with the exception of loans that are considered troubled debt restructurings. 

Loans considered to be troubled debt restructuring TDRs are loans that have their terms restructured (e.g., interest rates, loan maturity date, payment and amortization period, etc.) in circumstances that provide payment relief to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty. All restructured loans are considered impaired loans and may either be in accruing status or non-accruing status. Non-accruing restructured loans may return to accruing status provided there is a sufficient period of payment performance in accordance with the restructure terms. Loans may be removed from the restructured category in the year subsequent to the restructuring if their revised loan terms are considered to be consistent with terms that can be obtained in the credit market for loans with
comparable risk. 

The Company may receive updated appraisals which contradict the preliminary determination of fair value used to establish a specific reserve on a loan. In these instances the specific reserve is adjusted to reflect the Company s determination of fair value. In the event a loss was previously confirmed and was charged down to the estimated fair value based on an appraisal, the balance of partially charged-off loans are not subsequently increased but could be further decreased depending on the direction of the change in fair value. Payments on fully or partially charged-off loans are accounted for under the cost-recovery method. Under this method, all payments are applied on a cash basis to reduce the entire outstanding principal, then to recognize a recovery of all
previously charged-off amounts before interest income may be recognized. 

Management uses relevant information available to make the determination on whether loans are impaired in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States US GAAP ). However, the determination of whether loans are impaired and the measurement of the amounts of impairment requires significant judgment, and estimates of incurred losses in the loan and lease portfolio can vary significantly from the amounts actually observed. 

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 

The allowance for loan and lease losses allowance represents an amount which, in management's judgment, is adequate to absorb the estimate of losses that may be sustained on outstanding loans and leases at the balance sheet date based on the evaluation of the size and current risk characteristics of the loan portfolio. The allowance is reduced by charge-offs, net of recoveries of previous losses, and is increased by the provision for loan and lease losses, which is recorded as a current period operating expense. The allowance is based on two basic principles of accounting: (1) the requirement that a loss be accrued when it is probable that the loss has occurred at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated and (2)
the requirement that losses, if any, be accrued when it is probable that the Company will not collect all principal and interest payments according to the loan s or lease s contractual terms. 

The Company s systematic methodology for assessing the appropriateness of the allowance includes a general reserve reflecting historical losses, as adjusted, by loan portfolio segment, and a specific allowance for impaired loans. The use of historical loan loss factors reduces the differences between estimated losses inherent in the lending portfolios and actual losses. There were no changes in the Company s allowance policies or methodology from the prior year. 

Determination of the adequacy of the allowance is inherently complex and requires the use of significant and highly subjective estimates. The reasonableness of the allowance is reviewed monthly by the Credit Risk Committee of the board of directors and formally approved quarterly by that same committee of the board. 

General reserves are based upon historical loss experience by portfolio segment measured, over the prior eight quarters, weighted so that losses realized in the most recent quarters have the greatest effect. The historical loss experience is supplemented to address various risk characteristics of the Company s loan portfolio including: 

trends in delinquencies and other non-performing loans; 

changes in the risk profile related to large loans in the portfolio; 

changes in the categories of loans comprising the loan portfolio; 

concentrations of loans to specific industry segments; 

changes in economic conditions on both a local and national level; 

changes in the Company s credit administration and loan portfolio management processes; and 

55 

quality of the Company s credit risk identification processes. 

The general reserve is calculated in two parts based on an internal risk classification of loans within each portfolio segment. Reserves on loans considered to be classified under regulatory guidance are calculated separately from loans considered to be pass rated under the same guidance. This segregation allows the Company to monitor the reserves applicable to higher risk loans separate from the remainder of the portfolio in order to better manage risk and ensure the sufficiency of reserves. 

The portion of the reserve representing specific allowances is established on individually impaired loans that have significant conditions or circumstances that indicate that a loss may be probable. Specific reserves are calculated on individually impaired loans and established based on the Company s calculation of the probable losses inherent in an individual loan. For loans on which the Company has not elected to use the collateral value as a basis to establish the measure of impairment, the Company will measure impairment based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate. In determining the cash flows to be included in the discount calculation the Company considers a number of factors: 

the borrower s overall financial condition; 

resources and payment record; 

support available from financial guarantors; and 

the adequacy of collateral value and the ultimate realization of that value at liquidation. 

These factors combine to estimate the probability and severity of potential losses. 

Management believes it uses relevant information available to make determinations about the allowance and that it has established the existing allowance in accordance with GAAP. However, the determination of the allowance requires significant judgment, and estimates of probable losses in the loan and lease portfolio can vary significantly from the amounts actually observed. While management uses available information to recognize inherent losses, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in the loans and leases comprising the portfolio and changes in the financial condition of borrowers, such as may result from changes in economic conditions. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, and independent consultants engaged by the Company, periodically review the loan and
lease portfolio and the allowance. Such review may result in additional provisions based on management s judgments of information available at the time of each examination. 

Premises and Equipment 

Premises and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization, computed using the straight-line method. Premises and equipment are depreciated over the useful lives of the assets, which generally range from 3 to 10 years for furniture, fixtures and equipment, 3 to 5 years for computer software and hardware, and 10 to 40 years for buildings and building improvements. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the lease term or the estimated useful lives of the improvements. The costs of major renewals and betterments are capitalized, while the costs of ordinary maintenance and repairs are included in non-interest expense. 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Other intangible assets represent purchased assets that also lack physical substance but can be distinguished from goodwill because of contractual or other legal rights or because the asset is capable of being sold or exchanged either on its own or in combination with a related contract, asset, or liability. Goodwill is not amortized over an estimated life, but rather is tested for impairment annually on October 1 st . If it is determined that an event has occurred at any time that may indicate that the value of the goodwill has become impaired (a triggering event then the goodwill is subject
to impairment testing during that period. The initial step in the process determines whether the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If a decline in value is indicated, the Company proceeds to a second step and uses various methods to determine the extent, if any, of the impairment based on a composite of valuation methods comprising of market value indicators and discounted cash flows from both the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit. Any impairment is realized through a reduction of goodwill and an offsetting charge to non-interest expense. 

Intangible assets that have finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives and also continue to be subject to impairment testing. All of the Company s other intangible assets have finite lives and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over varying periods that initially did not exceed 15 years. 

A summary of the Company s goodwill and other intangible assets is included in Note 7. The unidentifiable intangible assets resulting from branch acquisitions resulted from two transactions: the purchase of a commercial bank branch in 1996 and the purchase of seven commercial bank branches in a single transaction in 1999. No goodwill was recorded as a result of these branch acquisitions. 

Other Real Estate Owned OREO 

OREO is comprised of properties acquired in partial or total satisfaction of problem loans. The properties are recorded at fair value less estimated costs of disposal, on the date acquired. Losses arising at the time of acquisition of such properties are charged against the allowance for loan and lease losses. During the holding period OREO continues to be measured at fair value less estimated costs of disposal, and any subsequent valuation adjustments that may be required are expensed as incurred. Gains and losses realized from the sale of OREO, as well as valuation adjustments, are included in non-interest expense. Expenses of operation are included in non-interest expense. 

56 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

Derivative Loan Commitments 

Mortgage loan commitments are referred to as derivative loan commitments if the loan that will result from exercise of the commitment will be held for sale upon funding. Loan commitments that are derivatives are recognized at fair value on the consolidated statements of condition in other assets or other liabilities with changes in their fair values recorded in other non-interest income or other non-interest expense 

The Company records a zero value for the loan commitment at the time the commitment is issued to a borrower. Subsequent to inception, changes in the fair value of the loan commitment are recognized based on changes in the fair value of the underlying mortgage loan due to interest rate changes, changes in the probability the derivative loan commitment will be exercised, and the passage of time. In estimating fair value, the Company assigns a probability to a loan commitment based on an expectation that it will be exercised and the loan will be funded. 

Forward Loan Sale Commitments 

The Company evaluates all loan sales agreements to determine whether they meet the definition of a derivative as facts and circumstances may differ significantly. If agreements qualify, to protect against the price risk inherent in derivative loan commitments, the Company utilizes both mandatory delivery and best efforts forward loan sale commitments to mitigate the risk of potential decreases in the values of loans that would result from the exercise of the derivative loan commitments. Mandatory delivery contracts are accounted for as derivative instruments. Generally, the Company s best efforts contracts also meet the definition of derivative instruments after the loan to the borrower has closed. Accordingly, forward loan sale commitments that economically hedge the
closed loan inventory are recognized at fair value on the consolidated statements of condition in other assets or other liabilities with changes in their fair values recorded in other non-interest income or other non-interest expense. The Company estimates the fair value of its forward loan sales commitments using a methodology similar to that used for derivative loan commitments. 

Interest Rate Swap Agreements 

The Company enters into interest rate swaps swaps with loan customers to provide a facility to mitigate the fluctuations in the variable rate on the respective loans. These swaps are matched in exact offsetting terms to swaps that the Company enters into with an outside third party. The swaps are reported at fair value in other assets or other liabilities. The Company's swaps qualify as derivatives, but are not designated as hedging instruments, thus any gain or loss resulting from changes in the fair value is recognized in either other non-interest income or other non-interest expense. Further discussion of the Company's financial derivatives is set forth Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Credit Risk 

The Company issues financial or standby letters of credit that represent conditional commitments to fund transactions by the Company, typically to guarantee performance of a customer to a third party related to borrowing arrangements. The credit risk associated with issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as occurs when extending loan facilities to borrowers. The Company monitors the exposure to the letters of credit as part of its credit review process. Extensions of letters of credit, if any, would become part of the loan balance outstanding and would be evaluated in accordance with the Company s credit policies. The reserve for potential losses on extensions of letters of credit is included in the allowance for loan losses. Potential
exposure to loss for unfunded letters of credit if deemed necessary would be recorded in other liabilities. 

The Company originates and sells whole loans to investors in the ordinary course of business to variety of investors. Mortgage loans sold are subject to representations and warranties regarding certain attributes made to the third party purchasers. Subsequent to the sale, if a material underwriting deficiency or documentation defect is determined, the Company may be obligated to repurchase the mortgage loan or reimburse the investor for losses incurred if the deficiency or defect cannot be rectified within a specific period that follows discovery. These representations and warranties typically exist for approximately 12 to 24 months following origination. The Company monitors the activity regarding the requirement to repurchased loans and the losses
incurred. This information is applied to determine a recourse reserve that is recorded in other liabilities. 

Valuation of Long-Lived Assets 

The Company reviews long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by a comparing the carrying amount of the asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the estimated fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the cost or the fair value, less costs to sell. 

57 

Transfers of Financial Assets 

Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales when control over the assets has been surrendered. Control over transferred assets is deemed to be surrendered when (1) the assets have been isolated from the Company, (2) the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking advantage of that right or from providing more than a trivial benefit to the transferor) to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, and (3) the Company does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets through any agreement to repurchase or redeem them before their maturity or likely cause a holder to return those assets whether through unilateral ability or a price so favorable to the transferee that it is probable that the transferee will require the transferor to repurchase
them. Cash flows from the assets are allocated to the participating interest holders in proportion to their ownership shares. Financial assets obtained or liabilities incurred in a sale are recognized and initially measured at fair value. 

Insurance Commissions and Fees 

Commission revenue is recognized on the date the customer is billed. The Company also receives contingent commissions from insurance companies as additional incentive for achieving specified premium volume goals and/or the loss experience of the insurance placed by the Company. Contingent commissions from insurance companies are recognized when determinable, which is generally when such commissions are received. 

Advertising Costs 

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and included in non-interest expenses. 

Net Income (Loss) per Common Share 

Basic net income (loss) per common share is derived by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding, and does not include the impact of any potentially dilutive common stock equivalents. The diluted net income (loss) per common share is derived by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding, adjusted, if applicable, for the dilutive effect of outstanding stock options as well as any adjustment to income that would result from the assumed issuance. The number of potential shares issued pursuant to the stock option plans is determined using the treasury stock method. Dilutive common stock equivalents have been excluded from the computation of dilutive net income (loss) per
common share if the result would be anti-dilutive. 

Income Taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) is based on the results of operations, adjusted for permanent differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for tax purposes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined using the liability method. Under the liability method, deferred income taxes are determined based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the income tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured at the enacted tax rates that will be in effect when these differences reverse. 

The Company does not have uncertain tax positions that are deemed material, and did not recognize any adjustments for unrecognized tax benefits. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties on income taxes in other non-interest expenses. The Company remains subject to examination for income tax returns for the years ending after December 31, 2008. 

Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

The Company applies the guidance for the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Topic ASC regarding disclosure requirements that apply to transfers that occur both before and after November 15, 2009. This guidance changes the de-recognition guidance for transferors of financial assets, including entities that sponsor securitizations. In addition, existing qualifying special-purpose entities QSPE must be evaluated for consolidation by the reporting entity. The concept of QSPE is eliminated and transferors are required to evaluate transfers to such entities. The guidance also introduces the concept of a participating interest. A participating interest is defined as a proportionate ownership interest in a financial asset in which the
cash flows from the asset are allocated to the participating interest holders in proportion to their ownership share. 

Additionally, the guidance significantly modifies the conditions required for a transfer of a financial asset or a participating interest therein to qualify as a sale. The guidance also changes the measurement guidance for transfers of financial assets in that it requires that a transferor recognize and initially measure at fair value any servicing assets, servicing liabilities, and any other assets obtained and liabilities incurred in a sale. The guidance amends the disclosure requirements to allow financial statement users to understand the nature and extent of the transferor s continuing involvement with financial assets that have been transferred. The application of this guidance did not have any impact on the 
Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

The Company applies the guidance for identifying the primary beneficiary of a VIE variable interest entity and applies the required analytical approach to determine if an enterprise s variable interests give it a controlling financial interest in the VIE. The guidance expanded the disclosure requirements for an enterprise that has a variable interest in a VIE. The application of this guidance did not have a material impact on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. 

58 

In July 2010, the FASB issued guidance regarding disclosures about the credit quality of financing receivables and the allowance for credit losses. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods ending on or after December 15, 2010. For disclosures about activity during a reporting period, those disclosures are effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2010. The purpose of the guidance is to enhance disclosures required on financing receivables and the allowance for credit losses. The disclosures will provide enhanced information on the credit quality of a creditor s financing receivables and the adequacy of its allowance for credit losses. This information is required to be presented on a
disaggregated basis and includes the aging of the receivables, the nature and extent of any troubled debt restructurings and the effect on the allowance for credit losses. This guidance also requires disclosures of any significant purchases or sales of receivables. The application of this guidance did not have any material impact on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company, but increased the Company s disclosures related to the credit quality of financing receivables and the allowance for loan and lease losses. 

NOTE 2 CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS 

Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Act requires that banks maintain reserve balances with the Federal Reserve Bank based principally on the type and amount of their deposits. At its option, the Company maintains additional balances to compensate for clearing and safekeeping services. The average balance maintained in 2010 was 71.0 million and in 2009 was 58.9 million. 

NOTE 3 INVESTMENTS 

Investments available-for-sale 

The amortized cost and estimated fair values of investments available-for-sale for the periods indicated are presented in the following table: 

December 31, 2010 

December 31, 2009 

Gross 

Gross 

Estimated 

Gross 

Gross 

Estimated 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Fair 

(In thousands) 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Value 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Value 

U.S. government agencies 

305,643 

3,949 

(2,887) 

306,705 

352,841 

3,190 

(434) 

355,597 

State and municipal 

111,583 

182 

(4,228) 

107,537 

41,283 

903 

(44) 

42,142 

Mortgage-backed 

476,914 

10,998 

(951) 

486,961 

449,722 

5,767 

(1,491) 

453,998 

Trust preferred 

6,783 

190 

(993) 

5,980 

7,841 

180 

(1,675) 

6,346 

Total debt securities 

900,923 

15,319 

(9,059) 

907,183 

851,687 

10,040 

(3,644) 

858,083 

Marketable equity securities 

100 

- 

- 

100 

350 

- 

- 

350 

Total investments available-for-sale 

901,023 

15,319 

(9,059) 

907,283 

852,037 

10,040 

(3,644) 

858,433 

At December 31, 2010, unrealized losses associated with U.S. Government Agencies have been caused by changes in interest rates and are not considered credit related as the contractual cash flows of these investments are either explicitly or implicitly backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. The state and municipal securities portfolio segment has not experienced any credit problems at December 31, 2010 and the Company believes it will receive all contractual cash flows due on this portfolio. Significant unrealized losses from the third quarter to the fourth quarter of 2010 were determined to be the result of the rising interest rate environment during that period of time. The mortgage-backed portfolio at December 31, 2010 is composed entirely of either the most
senior tranches of GNMA collateralized mortgage obligations 200.5 million), or GNMA, FNMA or FHLMC mortgage-backed securities 286.5 million). The Company does not intend to sell these securities and has sufficient liquidity to hold these securities for an adequate period of time, which may be maturity, to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. The non-credit related unrealized losses in the available-for-sale portfolio are considered temporary in nature. Unrealized losses that are related to the prevailing interest rate environment will decline over time and recover as these securities approach maturity. 

At December 31, 2010, the trust preferred portfolio consisted of one 3.0 million in security backed by a single financial institution issuer. The fair value of this security was 3.2 million as determined using broker quotations. The Company also owns one pooled trust preferred security backed by debt issued by banks and thrifts, which totals 3.8 million, with a fair value of 2.8 million. The fair value of this security was determined by a third party valuation specialist due to the limited trading activity for this security in the marketplace. 

The specialist used an income valuation approach technique (present value technique) that maximizes the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. The methodology and significant assumptions employed by the specialist to determine fair value included: 

Evaluation of the structural terms as established in the indenture; 

Detailed credit and structural evaluation for each piece of collateral in the pool; 

Default, recovery and prepayment/amortization probabilities; 

Identification of adverse conditions specifically related to the security, industry and geographical area; 

Projection of estimated cash flows that incorporate default expectations and loss severities; 

Review of historical and implied volatility of the fair value of the security; 

Evaluation of credit risk concentrations; 

Evaluation of the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than the amortized cost; and 

59 

A discount rate of 12.4 was established using credit adjusted financial institution spreads for comparably rated institutions and a liquidity adjustment that considered the previously noted characteristics. 

As a result of this evaluation, it was determined that the pooled trust preferred security did incur credit-related OTTI of 262 thousand which was recognized in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2010. Non-credit related OTTI on this security, which is not expected to be sold and that the Company has the ability to hold until maturity, was 993 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2010. This non-credit related OTTI was recognized in other comprehensive income OCI at December 31, 2010. 

The methodology and significant inputs used to measure the amount related to credit loss consisted of the following: 

Default rates were developed based on the financial condition of the trust preferred issuers in the pool and the payment or deferral status. Conditional default rates were estimated based on the payment characteristics of the security and the financial condition of the issuers in the pool. Near term and future defaults are estimated using third party industry data in addition to a review of key financial ratios and other pertinent data on the financial stability of the underlying issuer; 

Loss severity is forecasted based on the type of impairment using research performed by third parities; 

The security only contains one level of subordination below the senior tranche, with the senior tranche receiving the spread from the subordinate bonds. Given recent performance, it is not expected that the senior tranche will receive its full interest and principal at the bond s maturity date; 

Credit ratings of the underlying issuers are reviewed in conjunction with the development of the default rates applied to determine the credit amounts related to the credit loss; and 

Potential prepayments are estimated based on terms and rates of the underlying trust preferred securities to determine the impact of excess spread on the credit enhancement, the removal of the strongest institutions from the underlying pool and any impact that prepayments might have on diversity and concentration. 

At December 31, 2010, the Company held 350 thousand in marketable equity securities of two entities. The quarterly review of the financial statements and review of other recently available data determined that OTTI existed with respect to one of the investments. As a result, the Company recognized in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2010 credit-related OTTI of 250 thousand which represented the Company s entire investment in the equities of a single entity. 

The following table provides the activity of OTTI on investment securities due to credit losses recognized in earnings for the period indicated: 

(In thousands) 

OTTI Losses 

Cumulative credit losses on pooled trust preferred securities, through December 31, 2009 

- 

Additions for recognized OTTI credit losses on securities which were not previously impaired 

512 

Cumulative credit losses on pooled trust preferred securities, through December 31, 2010 

512 

60 

Gross unrealized losses and fair value by length of time that the individual available-for-sale securities have been in an unrealized loss position for the periods indicated are presented in the following table: 

As of December 31, 2010 

Continuous Unrealized 

Losses Existing for: 

Number 

Total 

of 

Less than 

More than 

Unrealized 

(Dollars in thousands) 

securities 

Fair Value 

12 months 

12 months 

Losses 

U.S. government agencies 

13 

115,829 

2,887 

- 

2,887 

State and municipal 

72 

91,693 

4,228 

- 

4,228 

Mortgage-backed 

11 

139,899 

949 

2 

951 

Trust preferred 

1 

2,798 

- 

993 

993 

Total 

97 

350,219 

8,064 

995 

9,059 

As of December 31, 2009 

Continuous Unrealized 

Losses Existing for: 

Number 

Total 

of 

Less than 

More than 

Unrealized 

(Dollars in thousands) 

securities 

Fair Value 

12 months 

12 months 

Losses 

U.S. government agencies 

8 

72,793 

434 

- 

434 

State and municipal 

5 

5,805 

40 

4 

44 

Mortgage-backed 

21 

150,369 

1,454 

37 

1,491 

Trust preferred 

2 

4,366 

24 

1,651 

1,675 

Total 

36 

233,333 

1,952 

1,692 

3,644 

The amortized cost and estimated fair values of investment securities available-for-sale by contractual maturity at the dates indicated are provided in the following table. The Company has allocated mortgage-backed securities into the four maturity groupings reflected in the following table using the expected average life of the individual securities based on statistics provided by independent third party industry sources. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities as borrowers may have the right to prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties. 

December 31, 2010 

December 31, 2009 

Estimated 

Estimated 

Amortized 

Fair 

Amortized 

Fair 

(In thousands) 

Cost 

Value 

Cost 

Value 

Due in one year or less 

31,537 

31,747 

56,739 

57,454 

Due after one year through five years 

167,190 

170,292 

273,351 

275,712 

Due after five years through ten years 

258,107 

255,700 

70,770 

71,132 

Due after ten years 

444,089 

449,444 

450,827 

453,785 

Total debt securities available for sale 

900,923 

907,183 

851,687 

858,083 

At December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, investments available-for-sale with a book value of 244.2 million and 290.2 million, respectively, were pledged as collateral for certain government deposits and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. The outstanding balance of no single issuer, except for U.S. Agencies securities, exceeded ten percent of stockholders' equity at December 31, 2010 and 2009. 

Investments held-to-maturity 

The amortized cost and estimated fair values of investments held-to-maturity for the periods indicated are presented in the following table: 

December 31, 2010 

December 31, 2009 

Gross 

Gross 

Estimated 

Gross 

Gross 

Estimated 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Fair 

(In thousands) 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Value 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Value 

State and municipal 

101,091 

2,530 

(44) 

103,577 

131,996 

5,156 

(1) 

137,151 

Mortgage-backed 

499 

48 

- 

547 

597 

39 

- 

636 

Total investments held-to-maturity 

101,590 

2,578 

(44) 

104,124 

132,593 

5,195 

(1) 

137,787 

61 

Gross unrealized losses and fair value by length of time that the individual held-to-maturity securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for the periods indicated are presented in the following tables: 

As of December 31, 2010 

Continuous Unrealized 

Losses Existing for: 

Number 

Total 

of 

Less than 

More than 

Unrealized 

(Dollars in thousands) 

securities 

Fair Value 

12 months 

12 months 

Losses 

State and municipal 

4 

1,769 

33 

11 

44 

Total 

4 

1,769 

33 

11 

44 

As of December 31, 2009 

Continuous Unrealized 

Losses Existing for: 

Number 

Total 

of 

Less than 

More than 

Unrealized 

(Dollars in thousands) 

securities 

Fair Value 

12 months 

12 months 

Losses 

State and municipal 

4 

1,782 

1 

- 

1 

Total 

4 

1,782 

1 

- 

1 

The Company does not intend to sell these securities and has sufficient liquidity to hold these securities for an adequate period of time, which may be maturity, to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value, substantiates that the unrealized losses in the held-to-maturity portfolio are considered temporary in nature. 

The amortized cost and estimated fair values of debt securities held-to-maturity at by contractual maturity at the dates indicated are reflected in the following table. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities as borrowers may have the right to prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties. 

December 31, 2010 

December 31, 2009 

Estimated 

Estimated 

Amortized 

Fair 

Amortized 

Fair 

(In thousands) 

Cost 

Value 

Cost 

Value 

Due in one year or less 

26,238 

26,750 

13,626 

13,800 

Due after one year through five years 

15,871 

16,616 

26,356 

27,687 

Due after five years through ten years 

24,426 

25,118 

34,545 

35,776 

Due after ten years 

35,055 

35,640 

58,066 

60,524 

Total debt securities held-to-maturity 

101,590 

104,124 

132,593 

137,787 

At December 31, 2010 and 2009, investments held-to-maturity with a book value of 85.8 million and 115.7 million, respectively, were pledged as collateral for certain government deposits and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. The outstanding balance of no single issuer, except for U.S. Agency securities, exceeded ten percent of stockholders' equity at December 31, 2010 and 2009 . 

Equity securities 

Other equity securities at the dates indicated are presented in the following table: 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

Federal Reserve Bank stock 

7,530 

7,531 

Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta stock 

26,465 

25,167 

Atlantic Central Bank stock 

75 

75 

Total equity securities 

34,070 

32,773 

62 

Securities gains 

Gross realized gains and losses on all investments for the periods indicated are presented in the following table: 

For the years ended December 31, 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Gross realized gains from sales of investments available-for-sale 

1,001 

- 

- 

Gross realized losses from sales of investments available-for-sale 

(371) 

- 

- 

Net gains or (losses) from calls of investments available-for-sale 

99 

203 

166 

Net gains or (losses) from calls of investments held-to-maturity 

67 

215 

68 

Sale of Visa, Inc. stock 

- 

- 

429 

Net securities gains 

796 

418 

663 

NOTE 4 LOANS AND LEASES 

The fundamental lending business of the Company is based on understanding, measuring and controlling the credit risk inherent in the loan portfolio. The Company s loan and lease portfolio is subject to varying degrees of credit risk. Credit risk entails both general risks, which are inherent in the process of lending, and risk specific to individual borrowers. The Company s credit risk is mitigated through portfolio diversification, which limits exposure to any single customer, industry or collateral type. 

Outstanding loan balances at December 31, 2010 and 2009 are net of unearned income including net deferred loan costs of 2.1 million and 3.1 million, respectively. The loan portfolio segment balances at December 31 are presented in the following table: 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

Residential real estate: 

Residential mortgage 

436,534 

457,414 

Residential construction 

91,273 

92,283 

Commercial real estate: 

Commercial owner occupied real estate 

503,286 

526,372 

Commercial investor real estate 

327,782 

317,577 

Commercial acquisition, development and construction 

151,061 

182,791 

Commercial Business 

250,255 

296,220 

Leases 

15,551 

25,704 

Consumer 

380,490 

399,649 

Total loans and leases 

2,156,232 

2,298,010 

Portfolio Segments 

The Company currently manages its credit products and the respective exposure to credit losses (credit risk) by the following specific portfolio segments (classes) which are levels at which the Company develops and documents its systematic methodology to determine the allowance for loan and lease losses attributable to each respective portfolio segment. These segments are: 

Commercial business loans Commercial loans are made to provide funds for equipment and general corporate needs. Repayment of a loan primarily uses the funds obtained from the operation of the borrower s business. Commercial loans also include lines of credit that are utilized to finance a borrower s short-term credit needs and/or to finance a percentage of eligible receivables and inventory. 

Commercial acquisition, development and construction loans Commercial acquisition, development and construction loans are intended to finance the construction of commercial properties and include loans for the acquisition and development of land. Construction loans represent a higher degree of risk than permanent real estate loans and may be affected by a variety of factors such as the borrower s ability to control costs and adhere to time schedules and the risk that constructed units may not be absorbed by the market within the anticipated time frame or at the anticipated price. The loan commitment on these loans often includes an interest reserve that allows the lender to periodically advance loan funds to pay interest charges on the outstanding balance of the loan. 

Commercial owner occupied real estate loans - Commercial owned-occupied real estate loans consist of commercial mortgage loans secured by owner occupied properties where an established banking relationship exists and involves a variety of property types to conduct the borrower s operations. The primary source of repayment for this type of loan is the cash flow from the business and is based upon the borrower s financial health and the ability of the borrower and the business to repay. 

Commercial investor real estate loans - Commercial investor real estate loans consist of loans secured by non-owner occupied properties where an established banking relationship exists and involves investment properties for warehouse, retail, and office space with a history of occupancy and cash flow. This commercial real estate category contains mortgage loans to the developers and owners of commercial real estate where the borrower intends to operate or sell the property at a profit and use the income stream or proceeds from the sale(s) to repay the loan. 

63 

Leases - The Company s loan portfolio also includes a small portfolio of equipment leases, which consists of leases for essential commercial equipment used by small to medium sized businesses. 

Consumer loans - This category of loans includes primarily home equity loans and lines, installment loans, personal lines of credit and marine loans. The home equity category consists mainly of revolving lines of credit to consumers which are secured by residential real estate. These loans are typically secured with second mortgages on the homes. Other consumer loans include installment loans used by customers to purchase automobiles, boats and recreational vehicles. 

Residential mortgage loans The residential real estate category contains permanent mortgage loans principally to consumers secured by residential real estate. Residential real estate loans are evaluated for the adequacy of repayment sources at the time of approval, based upon measures including credit scores, debt-to-income ratios, and collateral values. Loans may be either conforming or non-conforming. 

Residential construction loans - The Company makes residential real estate construction loans generally to provide interim financing on residential property during the construction period. Borrowers are typically individuals who will ultimately occupy the single-family dwelling. Loan funds are disbursed periodically as pre-specified stages of completion are attained based upon site inspections. 

NOTE 5 CREDIT QUALITY ASSESSMENT 

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 

Credit risk can vary significantly as losses, as a percentage of outstanding loans, can vary widely during economic cycles and are sensitive to changing economic conditions. The amount of loss in any particular type of loan can vary depending on the purpose of the loan and the underlying collateral securing the loan. Collateral securing commercial loans can range from accounts receivable to equipment to improved or unimproved real estate depending on the purpose of the loan. Home mortgage and home equity loans and lines are typically secured by first or second liens on residential real estate. Consumer loans may be secured by personal property, such as auto loans or they may be unsecured loan products. 

To control and manage credit risk, management has an internal credit process in place to determine whether credit standards are maintained along with an in-house loan administration accompanied by oversight and review procedures. The primary purpose of loan underwriting is the evaluation of specific lending risks that involves the analysis of the borrower s ability to service the debt as well as the assessment of the value of the underlying collateral. Oversight and review procedures include the monitoring of the portfolio credit quality, early identification of potential problem credits and the management of the problem credits. As part of the oversight and review process, the Company maintains an allowance for loan and lease losses (the allowance to absorb
estimated and probable losses in the loan and lease portfolio. The allowance is based on consistent, continuous review and evaluation of the loan and lease portfolio, along with ongoing, monthly assessments of the probable losses and problem credits in each portfolio. While portions of the allowance are attributed to specific portfolio segments, the entire allowance is available to credit losses inherent in the total loan portfolio. 

Summary information on the allowance for loan and lease loss activity for the years ended December 31 is provided in the following table: 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Balance at beginning of year 

64,559 

50,526 

25,092 

Provision for loan and lease losses 

25,908 

76,762 

33,192 

Loan and lease charge-offs 

(32,616) 

(63,520) 

(8,463) 

Loan and lease recoveries 

4,284 

791 

705 

Net charge-offs 

(28,332) 

(62,729) 

(7,758) 

Balance at year end 

62,135 

64,559 

50,526 

64 

The following table provides information on the activity in the allowance for loan and lease losses by the respective loan portfolio segment for the year ended December 31, 2010: 

For the year ended December 31, 2010 

Commercial Real Estate 

Residential Real Estate 

Commercial 

Commercial 

Commercial 

Commercial 

Owner 

Residential 

Residential 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Business 

AD C 

Investor R/E 

Occupied R/E 

Leasing 

Consumer 

Mortgage 

Construction 

Total 

Balance, January 1 

16,907 

21,144 

3,173 

7,805 

770 

3,330 

8,871 

2,559 

64,559 

Provision 

153 

9,580 

1,850 

2,059 

- 

4,172 

7,217 

877 

25,908 

Charge-offs 

(7,144) 

(13,545) 

(232) 

(1,692) 

(109) 

(3,493) 

(5,724) 

(677) 

(32,616) 

Recoveries 

2,954 

1,062 

2 

5 

6 

222 

32 

1 

4,284 

Net charge-offs 

(4,190) 

(12,483) 

(230) 

(1,687) 

(103) 

(3,271) 

(5,692) 

(676) 

(28,332) 

Balance, December 31 

12,870 

18,241 

4,793 

8,177 

667 

4,231 

10,396 

2,760 

62,135 

Total loans and leases 

250,255 

151,061 

327,782 

503,286 

15,551 

380,490 

436,534 

91,273 

2,156,232 

Allowance for loans and leases to total loans and leases ratio 

5.14 

12.08 

1.46 

1.62 

4.29 

1.11 

2.38 

3.02 

2.88 

Balance of loans specifically evaluated for impairment 

8,147 

41,345 

5,631 

12,491 

na. 

37 

1,963 

na. 

69,614 

Allowance for loans specifically evaluated for impairment 

2,507 

289 

274 

775 

na. 

na. 

na. 

na. 

3,845 

Specific loans to specific allowance ratio 

30.77 

0.70 

4.87 

6.20 

na. 

na. 

na. 

na. 

5.52 

Balance of loans collectively evaluated 

242,108 

109,716 

322,151 

490,795 

15,551 

380,453 

434,571 

91,273 

2,086,618 

Allowance for loans collectively evaluated 

10,363 

17,952 

4,519 

7,402 

667 

4,231 

10,396 

2,760 

58,290 

Collective loans to collective allowance ratio 

4.28 

16.36 

1.40 

1.51 

4.29 

1.11 

2.39 

3.02 

2.79 

Integral to the assessment of the allowance process is an evaluation that is performed to determine whether a specific reserve on an impaired credit is warranted. At such time an action plan is agreed upon for the particular loan and an appraisal will be ordered depending on the time elapsed since the prior appraisal, the loan balance and/or the result of the internal evaluation. A current appraisal is usually obtained if the appraisal on file is more than 12 months old. The Company s policy is to strictly adhere to regulatory appraisal standards. If an appraisal is ordered, no more than a 30 day turnaround is requested from the appraiser, who is selected by Credit Administration from an approved appraiser list. After receipt of the updated appraisal, the assigned
credit officer will recommend to the Chief Credit Officer whether a specific reserve or a charge-off should be taken. When losses are confirmed, a charge-off is taken that is at least in the amount of the collateral deficiency as determined by the independent third party appraisal. Any further collateral deterioration results in either further specific reserves being established or additional charge-offs. The Chief Credit Officer has the authority to approve a specific reserve or charge-off between monthly credit committee meetings to insure that there are no significant time lapses during this process. 

The Company s systematic methodology for evaluating whether a loan is impaired begins with risk-rating credits (see below for detailed explanation) on an individual basis and includes consideration of the borrower s overall financial condition, resources and payment record, the sufficiency of collateral and, in a select few cases, support from financial guarantors. The Company, as a consistent practice, does not rely solely on the existence of guarantees when determining whether a loan is impaired and in measuring the amount of the impairment. In measuring impairment, the Company looks to the discounted cash flows of the project itself or the value of the collateral as the primary sources of repayment of the loan. While the Company will consider the existence of guarantees and the financial
strength and wherewithal of the guarantors involved in any loan relationship, it considers such guarantees only as a secondary source of repayment. Accordingly, the guarantee alone would not be sufficient to avoid classifying the loan as impaired. 

The Company typically relies on current (12 months old or less) third party appraisals of the collateral to assist in measuring impairment.. In the cases in which the Company does not rely on a third party appraisal, an internal evaluation is prepared by an approved credit officer. 

Management has established a credit process that dictates that structured procedures be performed to monitor these loans between the receipt of an original appraisal and the updated appraisal. These procedures include the following: 

An internal evaluation is updated quarterly to include borrower financial statements and/or cash flow projections. 

The borrower may be contacted for a meeting to discuss an updated or revised action plan which may include a request for additional collateral. 

Re-verification of the documentation supporting the Company s position with respect to the collateral securing the loan. 

At the monthly credit committee meeting the loan may be downgraded and a specific reserve may be decided upon in advance of the receipt of the appraisal. 

Upon receipt of the updated appraisal (or based on an updated internal financial evaluation) the loan balance is compared to the appraisal and a specific reserve is decided upon for the particular loan, typically for the amount of the difference between the appraisal and the loan balance. 

The Company will specifically reserve for or charge-off the excess of the loan amount over the amount of the appraisal. In certain cases the Company may establish a larger reserve due to knowledge of current market conditions or the existence of an offer for the collateral that will facilitate a more timely resolution of the loan. 

65 

The Company generally follows a policy of not extending maturities on non-performing loans under existing terms. The Company may extend the maturity of a performing or current loan that may have some inherent weakness associated with the loan. Maturity date extensions only occur under terms that clearly place the Company in a position to assure full collection of the loan under the contractual terms and /or terms at the time of the extension that may eliminate or mitigate the inherent weakness in the loan. These terms may incorporate, but are not limited to additional assignment of collateral, significant balance curtailments/liquidations and assignments of additional project cash flows. Guarantees may be a consideration in the extension of loan maturities, but the Company does not extend
loans based solely on guarantees. As a general matter, the Company does not view extension of a loan to be a satisfactory approach to resolving non-performing credits. On an exception basis, certain performing loans that have displayed some inherent weakness in the underlying collateral values, an inability to comply with certain loan covenants which are not affecting the performance of the credit or other identified weakness may be extended. 

Loans may have their terms restructured (e.g., interest rates, loan maturity date, payment and amortization period, etc.) in circumstances that provide payment relief to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty. All restructured loans are considered impaired loans that may either be in accruing status or non-accruing status. Non-accruing restructured loans may return to accruing status provided there is a sufficient period of payment performance in accordance with the restructure terms. Loans may be removed from the restructured category in the year subsequent to the restructuring if their revised loans terms are considered to be consistent with terms that can be obtained in the credit market for loans with comparable risk. At December 31, 2010, restructured loans totaled
 29.8 million, of which 10.6 million were current and 19.2 million were non-performing. The Company has commitments to lend 4.5 million in additional funds on loans that have been restructured at December 31, 2010. Restructured loans at December 31, 2009 totaled 19.6 million, of which 3.5 million were current and 16.1 million were non-performing. There were no additional funding commitments on these loans at December 31, 2009. 

Collateral values or estimates of discounted cash flows (inclusive of any potential cash flow from guarantees) are evaluated to estimate the probability and severity of potential losses. A specific amount of impairment is established based on the Company s calculation of the probable loss inherent in the individual loan. The actual occurrence and severity of losses involving impaired credits can differ substantially from estimates. 

66 

The following table presents the recorded investment with respect to impaired loans, the associated allowance by the applicable portfolio segment and the principal balance of the impaired loans prior to amounts charged-off at December 31, 2010: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2010 

Commercial Real Estate 

Total Recorded 

Commercial 

All 

Investment in 

Commercial 

Commercial 

Owner 

Other 

Impaired 

(In thousands) 

Commercial 

AD C 

Investor R/E 

Occupied R/E 

Loans 

Loans 

Impaired loans with a specific allowance 

Accruing 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Non-accruing 

4,755 

4,792 

1,175 

3,060 

- 

13,782 

Restructured accruing 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Restructured non-accruing 

627 

2,664 

- 

1,873 

- 

5,164 

Balance 

5,382 

7,456 

1,175 

4,933 

- 

18,946 

Allowance 

2,507 

289 

274 

775 

- 

3,845 

Impaired loans without a specific allowance 

Accruing 

- 

6,383 

- 

- 

- 

6,383 

Non-accruing 

916 

12,076 

578 

6,119 

- 

19,689 

Restructured accruing 

209 

4,545 

3,878 

710 

1,229 

10,571 

Restructured non-accruing 

1,640 

10,885 

- 

729 

771 

14,025 

Balance 

2,765 

33,889 

4,456 

7,558 

2,000 

50,668 

Total impaired loans 

Accruing 

- 

6,383 

- 

- 

- 

6,383 

Non-accruing 

5,671 

16,868 

1,753 

9,179 

- 

33,471 

Restructured accruing 

209 

4,545 

3,878 

710 

1,229 

10,571 

Restructured non-accruing 

2,267 

13,549 

- 

2,602 

771 

19,189 

Balance 

8,147 

41,345 

5,631 

12,491 

2,000 

69,614 

Allowance 

2,507 

289 

274 

775 

- 

3,845 

Unpaid principal balance in total impaired loans 

10,929 

63,811 

5,631 

12,171 

- 

92,542 

The following table provides information regarding impaired loans at December 31 and for the years then ended: 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Impaired loans with a valuation allowance 

18,946 

23,683 

45,525 

Impaired loans without a valuation allowance 

50,668 

75,769 

7,098 

Total impaired loans 

69,614 

99,452 

52,623 

Allowance for loan and lease losses related to impaired loans 

3,845 

6,613 

13,803 

Allowance for loan and lease losses related to loans collectively evaluated 

58,290 

57,946 

36,723 

Total allowance for loan and lease losses 

62,135 

64,559 

50,526 

Average impaired loans for the year 

75,556 

100,387 

45,947 

Contractual interest income due on impaired loans during the year 

6,651 

6,355 

4,000 

Interest income on impaired loans recognized on a cash basis 

- 

- 

- 

Interest income on impaired loans recognized on an accrual basis 

524 

- 

- 

67 

Credit Quality 

The following tables provide information on the credit quality of the loan portfolio by segment at December 31, 2010: 

December 31, 2010 

Commercial Real Estate 

Residential Real Estate 

Commercial 

Commercial 

Commercial 

Owner 

Residential 

Residential 

(In thousands) 

Commercial 

AD C 

Investor R/E 

Occupied R/E 

Leasing 

Consumer 

Mortgage 

Construction 

Total 

Non-performing loans and assets: 

Non-accrual loans and leases 

7,938 

30,417 

1,753 

11,781 

1,887 

300 

3,946 

5,305 

63,327 

Loans and leases 90 days past due 

19 

- 

- 

- 

407 

182 

9,871 

3,675 

14,154 

Restructured loans and leases (accruing) 

209 

4,545 

3,878 

710 

- 

37 

1,192 

- 

10,571 

Total non-performing loans and leases 

8,166 

34,962 

5,631 

12,491 

2,294 

519 

15,009 

8,980 

88,052 

Other real estate owned 

- 

1,172 

- 

- 

- 

- 

6,799 

1,522 

9,493 

Other assets owned 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

200 

- 

- 

200 

Total non-performing assets 

8,166 

36,134 

5,631 

12,491 

2,294 

719 

21,808 

10,502 

97,745 

December 31, 2010 

Commercial Real Estate 

Residential Real Estate 

Commercial 

Commercial 

Commercial 

Owner 

Residential 

Residential 

(In thousands) 

Commercial 

AD C 

Investor R/E 

Occupied R/E 

Leasing 

Consumer 

Mortgage 

Construction 

Total 

Past due loans and leases 

31-60 days 

2,294 

- 

347 

156 

298 

1,685 

4,720 

- 

9,500 

61-90 days 

20 

- 

- 

108 

21 

385 

1,593 

- 

2,127 

> 90 days 

19 

- 

- 

- 

407 

182 

9,871 

3,675 

14,154 

Total past due 

2,333 

- 

347 

264 

726 

2,252 

16,184 

3,675 

25,781 

Non-accrual loans and leases 

7,938 

30,417 

1,753 

11,781 

1,887 

300 

3,946 

5,305 

63,327 

Current loans 

239,984 

120,644 

325,682 

491,241 

12,938 

377,938 

416,404 

82,293 

2,067,124 

Total loans and leases 

250,255 

151,061 

327,782 

503,286 

15,551 

380,490 

436,534 

91,273 

2,156,232 

The Company uses an internal loan risk rating system as a means of identifying problem and potential problem loans. Under this system, loans in the commercial loan portfolios are risk rated as either pass rated or classified loans. Pass-rated loans range in quality from risk free to those that have a marginally acceptable level of risk. Risk free loans include those supported by the U.S. government or U.S. government agencies, supported by letters of credit from other banks or loans that are fully secured by a deposit at the bank. Loans with a marginally acceptable level of risk may have characteristics, such as declining financial metrics, or market fundamentals, and may operate in an intensely competitive industry. These loans may exhibit inconsistent performance and marginal overall
strength as compared to their peer group but have a history of compliance with all aspects of their debt requirements and are current as to payments. 

Classified loans represent an increased level of credit risk and are placed into three categories: 

Special Mention - Borrowers exhibit potential credit weaknesses or downward trends that may weaken the credit position if uncorrected. The borrowers are considered marginally acceptable without potential for loss of principal or interest. 

Substandard - Borrowers have well defined weaknesses or characteristics that present the possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

Doubtful - Borrowers classified as doubtful have the same weaknesses found in substandard borrowers, however, these weaknesses indicate that the collection of debt in full (principal and interest), based on current conditions, is highly questionable and improbable. 

The following table provides information by credit risk rating indicators for each segment of the commercial loan portfolio at December 31, 2010: 

Commercial Real Estate 

Commercial 

Commercial 

Commercial 

Owner 

(in thousands) 

Commercial 

AD C 

Investor R/E 

Occupied R/E 

Total 

Loan Classification: 

Risk Free to Marginally Acceptable 

205,111 

107,374 

294,134 

425,433 

1,032,052 

Special Mention 

11,324 

2,342 

23,742 

44,035 

81,443 

Substandard 

30,330 

39,546 

9,906 

33,497 

113,279 

Doubtful 

3,490 

1,799 

- 

321 

5,610 

Total 

250,255 

151,061 

327,782 

503,286 

1,232,384 

68 

Homogeneous loan pools do not have individual loans subjected to internal risk ratings therefore, the credit indicator applied to these pools is based on their delinquency status. The following table provides information by credit risk rating indicators for those remaining segments of the loan portfolio at December 31, 2010: 

Residential Real Estate 

Residential 

Residential 

(in thousands) 

Leasing 

Consumer 

Mortgage 

Construction 

Total 

Loan Classification: 

Performing 

13,257 

379,971 

421,525 

82,293 

897,046 

Non-performing: 

- 

90 days past due 

407 

182 

9,871 

3,675 

14,135 

Non-accruing 

1,887 

300 

3,946 

5,305 

11,438 

Trouble debt restructuring (accruing) 

- 

37 

1,192 

- 

1,229 

Total 

15,551 

380,490 

436,534 

91,273 

923,848 

Other Real Estate Owed 

OREO is comprised of properties acquired by the Bank in partial or total satisfaction of problem loans. The properties are recorded at fair value on date of acquisition less estimated costs of disposal (net realizable value). Losses arising at the time of acquisition of such properties are charged against the allowance for loan and lease losses. Subsequent write-downs that may be required are expensed as incurred. Improvements to the properties may be capitalized if the improvements contribute to the overall value of the property. Amounts may not be capitalized in excess of the net realizable value of the property. Gains and losses realized from the sale of OREO, as well as valuation adjustments, are included in non-interest expense. Expenses of operation are included in non-interest
expense. Other real estate owned totaled 9.5 million and 7.5 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

NOTE 6 PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT 

Presented in the following table are the components of premises and equipment at December 31: 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

Land 

9,954 

9,954 

Buildings and leasehold improvements 

60,069 

58,202 

Equipment 

37,853 

36,356 

Total premises and equipment 

107,876 

104,512 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

(58,872) 

(54,906) 

Net premises and equipment 

49,004 

49,606 

Depreciation and amortization expense for premises and equipment amounted to 4.3 million for 2010, 4.8 million for 2009 and 5.0 million for 2008. 

Total rental expense of premises and equipment, net of rental income, for the three years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was 5.9 million, 5.6 million and 5.7 million, respectively. Lease commitments entered into by the Company bear initial terms varying from 3 to 15 years, or they are 20-year ground leases, and are associated with premises. 

Future minimum lease payments, including any additional rents due to escalation clauses, for all non-cancelable operating leases within the years ending December 31 are presented in the table below: 

Operating 

(In thousands) 

Leases 

2011 

5,292 

2012 

4,654 

2013 

3,760 

2014 

3,311 

2015 

1,752 

Thereafter 

4,093 

Total minimum lease payments 

22,862 

69 

NOTE 7 GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

The gross carrying amounts and accumulated amortization of intangible assets and goodwill are presented at December 31 in the following table: 

2010 

Weighted 

2009 

Weighted 

Gross 

Net 

Average 

Gross 

Net 

Average 

Carrying 

Accumulated 

Carrying 

Remaining 

Carrying 

Accumulated 

Carrying 

Remaining 

Amount 

Amortization 

Amount 

Life 

Amount 

Amortization 

Amount 

Life 

Amortized intangible assets: 

Core deposit intangibles 

9,716 

(5,188) 

4,528 

4.5 years 

9,716 

(3,800) 

5,916 

5.5 years 

Other identifiable intangibles 

8,301 

(6,251) 

2,050 

3.3 years 

8,301 

(5,680) 

2,621 

4.3 years 

Total amortized intangible assets 

18,017 

(11,439) 

6,578 

18,017 

(9,480) 

8,537 

Goodwill 

76,816 

76,816 

76,816 

76,816 

Gross carrying amount for goodwill in 2009 has been adjusted for a 2008 impairment charge of 4.2 million associated with a leasing subsidiary due to a decline in cash flows. This amount 

The following table presents the net carrying amount of goodwill by segment for the periods indicated: 

Community 

Investment 

(In thousands) 

Banking 

Insurance 

Management 

Total 

Balance December 31, 2008 

62,636 

4,623 

8,989 

76,248 

Purchase price adjustment 

- 

568 

- 

568 

Balance December 31, 2009 

62,636 

5,191 

8,989 

76,816 

No activity 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance December 31, 2010 

62,636 

5,191 

8,989 

76,816 

The following table presents the estimated future amortization expense for amortizing intangibles within the years ending December 31: 

(In thousands) 

Amount 

2011 

1,845 

2012 

1,845 

2013 

1,778 

2014 

752 

2015 

303 

Thereafter 

55 

Total amortizing intangibles 

6,578 

Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate a possible impairment. Acquired intangible assets apart from goodwill are reviewed for impairment annually and are being amortized over their remaining estimated lives. The Company performs its annual impairment review of goodwill as of October 1of each year for each operating segment using data as of September 30. The Company uses discounted cash flow analysis, as well as guideline company and guideline transaction information, where available, to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit. The estimates, specific to each reporting unit, that were incorporated in the valuations included projections of cash flows, discount rates and applicable valuation multiples. The assumptions considered current market conditions in the development of growth expectations
and the respective discount rates. At October 1, 2010, the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its respective carrying value and, accordingly, there was no impairment of goodwill. 

At December 31, 2009, the market value of the Company s stock was below its tangible book value as the stock price had experienced a significant decline during the fourth quarter of the year. Management considered this decrease to be a triggering event indicating the possibility of impairment in the Community Banking and Other segments at December 31, 2009. The Company engaged a third party valuation specialist to assist management in the determination of the fair value of the Community Banking segment. Based on the lowest fair value within the range as determined by various valuation methodologies, management determined that the Community Banking segment failed Step 1 of the two-step impairment analysis and needed to perform additional valuation analysis to determine whether the
goodwill attributed to the Community Banking segment was impaired and, if so, the amount of the impairment. 

70 

At December 31, 2009, the Company determined from its Step 2 analysis that the fair value of the goodwill in the Community Banking segment exceeded its carrying value of 62.6 million by 31.9 million or 51 , and that no impairment of goodwill existed at December 31, 2009. 

All other remaining goodwill and intangibles associated with other segments of the Company not previously discussed above were reviewed at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively, for any indications of impairment. Based on the review, no impairment was noted for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, related to the Investment Management and Insurance segments 

NOTE 8 DEPOSITS 

The following table presents the composition of deposits at December 31: 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

Noninterest-bearing deposits 

566,812 

540,578 

Interest-bearing deposits: 

Demand 

317,905 

282,045 

Money market savings 

861,420 

931,362 

Regular savings 

172,771 

157,072 

Time deposits of less than 100,000 

351,071 

421,978 

Time deposits of 100,000 or more 

279,893 

363,807 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

1,983,060 

2,156,264 

Total deposits 

2,549,872 

2,696,842 

Demand deposit overdrafts reclassified as loan balances were 1.2 million and 1.5 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Overdraft charge-offs and recoveries are reflected in the allowance for loan and lease losses. 

The following table presents the maturity schedule for time deposits maturing within years ending December 31: 

(In thousands) 

Amount 

2011 

460,916 

2012 

107,329 

2013 

20,526 

2014 

26,371 

2015 

15,822 

Total time deposits 

630,964 

The Company's time deposits of 100 thousand or more represented 11.0 of total deposits at December 31, 2010 and are presented by maturity in the following table: 

Months to Maturity 

3 or 

Over 3 

Over 6 

Over 

(In thousands) 

Less 

to 6 

to 12 

12 

Total 

Time deposits-- 100 thousand or more 

46,918 

64,957 

91,359 

76,659 

279,893 

Interest expense on time deposits of 100 thousand or more amounted to 5.2 million, 10.7 million and 12.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 

71 

NOTE 9 BORROWINGS 

Information relating to retail repurchase agreements and other short-term borrowings is presented in the following table at December 31 and for the years ending December 31: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Amount 

Rate 

Amount 

Rate 

Amount 

Rate 

At December 31: 

Retail repurchase agreements 

86,243 

0.30 

74,062 

0.20 

75,106 

0.20 

Average for the Year: 

Retail repurchase agreements 

86,726 

0.30 

87,828 

0.35 

88,214 

1.18 

Maximum Month-end Balance: 

Retail repurchase agreements 

97,884 

98,827 

101,666 

The Company pledges U.S. Agencies and Corporate securities, based upon their market values, as collateral for 102.5 of the principal and accrued interest of its retail repurchase agreements. 

At December 31, 2010, the Company has an available line of credit for 1.1 billion with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (the "FHLB") under which its borrowings are limited to 566.3 million based on pledged collateral at interest rates based upon current market conditions. At December 31, 2010, total pledged collateral was 415.8 million, which included 10.0 million for overnight funds included in short-term borrowing and 405.8 million pledged for the FHLB advances . At December 31, 2009, lines of credit totaled 1.1 billion under which 493.8 million was available based on pledged
collateral. Total collateral pledged at December 31, 2009 was 426.6 million which included 15 million for overnight funds and 411.6 for the FHLB advances. Both short-term and long-term FHLB advances are fully collateralized by pledges of loans . The Company has pledged, under a blanket lien, qualifying residential mortgage loans amounting to 321.0 million, commercial loans amounting to 464.6 million, home equity lines of credit HELOC amounting to 325.7 million and multifamily loans amounting to 22.3 million at December 31, 2010 as collateral under the borrowing agreement with the FHLB. At December 31, 2009 the Company had pledged collateral of qualifying mortgage loans of 296.3 million, commercial loans of 498.1 million, HELOC loans of 327.6 million and multifamily loans of 18.4 million under the FHLB borrowing agreement. The Company also had
lines of credit available from the Federal Reserve and correspondent banks of 280.0 million and 312.7 million at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively, collateralized by loans and state and municipal securities. In addition, the Company had unsecured lines of credit with correspondent banks of 35.0 million. At December 31, 2010 there were no outstanding borrowings against these lines of credit. 

Advances from FHLB and the respective maturity schedule at December 31for the periods indicated consisted of the following: 

2010 

2009 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average 

Average 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Amounts 

Rate 

Amounts 

Rate 

Maturity: 

One year 

350 

4.13 

5,476 

4.89 

Two years 

350 

4.13 

- 

- 

Three years 

58 

4.13 

- 

- 

Four years 

- 

- 

1,108 

4.13 

Five years 

- 

- 

- 

- 

After five years 

405,000 

3.50 

405,000 

3.50 

Total advances from FHLB 

405,758 

3.50 

411,584 

3.52 

NOTE 10 SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES 

The Company formed Sandy Spring Capital Trust II Capital Trust to facilitate the pooled placement issuance of 35.0 million of trust preferred securities on August 10, 2004. In conjunction with this issuance, the Company issued subordinated debt to the Capital Trust. The subordinated debt converted from a fixed rate interest of 6.35 at July 7, 2009 to a variable rate, adjusted quarterly, equal to 225 basis points over the three month Libor. At December 31, 2010, the rate on the subordinated debt was 2.54 and has re-priced on January 7, 2011 (2.55 ). The subordinated obligations of the Company are subordinated to all other debt except other trust preferred subordinated, which may have equal subordination. The debt has a maturity date of October 7, 2034,
but may be called by the Company at any time subsequent to October 7, 2009 on each respective quarterly distribution date. 

72 

NOTE 11 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The Company s Articles of Incorporation authorize 49,916,906 shares of capital stock (par value 1.00 per share). Issued shares have been classified as common stock. The Articles of Incorporation provide that remaining unissued shares may later be designated as either common or preferred stock. 

In December 2008, as part of the Troubled Asset Relief Program TARP Capital Purchase Program, the Company entered into a Purchase Agreement with the United States Department of the Treasury (the Treasury ), the Company sold 83,094 shares of Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A with a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share and a warrant to purchase 651,547 shares of the Company s common stock, for 83.1 million in cash. The redemption of the preferred shares was completed in two transactions with one half of the shares redeemed in July, 2010 and the remainder of the shares redeemed in December, 2010. The preferred shares paid an annual dividend of 5 per share during the period the shares were outstanding. 

At December 31, 2010, the warrant remained outstanding and the Company was in negotiations with the Treasury to redeem the warrant. The warrant was issued with an initial exercise price of 19.13 and a ten year term and was exercisable immediately, in whole or in part. The Treasury Department has agreed not to vote any common shares acquired upon exercise of the warrant. 

The warrant was allocated a portion of the 83.1 million issuance proceeds as required by current accounting standards. The allocation of this value was based on the relative fair value of the preferred shares and the warrant to the combined fair value. Accordingly, the value of the warrant was determined to be 3.7 million, which was allocated from the proceeds and recorded in additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheet. This non-cash amount was considered a discount to the preferred stock and to be amortized over a five year period using the interest method and accreted as a dividend recorded on the preferred shares. A portion of the unamortized discount was recognized in a charge to retained earnings on the date of the respective redemption of the preferred shares. The warrant is
included in the diluted average common shares outstanding except in periods for which its effects would be anti-dilutive. 

The Company has a director stock purchase plan (the Director Plan which commenced on May 1, 2004. Under the Director Plan, members of the board of directors may elect to use a portion (minimum 50 of their annual retainer fee to purchase shares of Company stock. The Company has reserved 45,000 authorized but unissued shares of common stock for purchase under the plan. Purchases are made at the fair market value of the stock on the purchase date. At December 31, 2010, there were 29,302 shares available for issuance under the plan. 

The Company has an employee stock purchase plan (the Purchase Plan which commenced on July 1, 2001, with consecutive monthly offering periods thereafter. The Company has reserved 450,000 authorized but unissued shares of common stock for purchase under the plan. Shares are purchased at 85 of the fair market value on the exercise date through monthly payroll deductions of not less than 1 or more than 10 of cash compensation paid in the month. The Purchase Plan is administered by a committee of at least three directors appointed by the board of directors. At December 31, 2010, there were 219,295 shares available for issuance under this plan. 

As a result of participating in the TARP Capital Purchase Program, the Company was prohibited from repurchasing any shares of its common stock, other than in connection with the administration of an employee benefit plan, without the consent of the Treasury Department. No shares were repurchased during 2010, 2009 or 2008. 

The Company has a dividend reinvestment plan that is sponsored and administered by the Registrar and Transfer Company R T as independent agent, which enables current shareholders as well as first-time buyers to purchase and sell common stock of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. directly through R T at low commissions. Participants may reinvest cash dividends and make periodic supplemental cash payments to purchase additional shares. 

Bank and holding company regulations, as well as Maryland law, impose certain restrictions on dividend payments by the Bank, as well as restricting extensions of credit and transfers of assets between the Bank and the Company. At December 31, 2010, the Bank could have paid additional dividends of 12.9 million to its parent company without regulatory approval. In conjunction with the Company s long-term borrowing from Capital Trust, the Bank issued a note to Bancorp for 35.0 million which was outstanding at December 31, 2010. There were no other loans outstanding between the Bank and the Company at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

NOTE 12 SHARE BASED COMPENSATION 

At December 31, 2010, the Company had two share based compensation plans in existence, the 1999 Stock Option Plan (expired but having outstanding options that may still be exercised) and the 2005 Omnibus Stock Plan, which is described below. 

73 

The Company s 2005 Omnibus Stock Plan Omnibus Plan provides for the granting of non-qualifying stock options to the Company s directors, and incentive and non-qualifying stock options, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock grants to selected key employees on a periodic basis at the discretion of the board. The Omnibus Plan authorizes the issuance of up to 1,800,000 shares of common stock of which 1,112,064 are available for issuance at December 31, 2010, has a term of ten years, and is administered by a committee of at least three directors appointed by the board of directors. Options granted under the plan have an exercise price which may not be less than 100 of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of the grant and must be exercised
within seven to ten years from the date of grant. The exercise price of stock options must be paid for in full in cash or shares of common stock, or a combination of both. The Stock Option Committee has the discretion when making a grant of stock options to impose restrictions on the shares to be purchased upon the exercise of such options. Options granted under the expired 1999 Stock Option Plan remain outstanding until exercised or they expire. The Company generally issues authorized but previously unissued shares to satisfy option exercises. 

The fair values of all of the options granted have been estimated using a binomial option-pricing model with the weighted-average assumptions for the years ending December 31 presented in the following table: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Dividend yield 

0.27 

4.00 

3.42 

Weighted average expected volatility 

45.06 

35.32 

19.65 

Weighted average risk-free interest rate 

2.91 

2.59 

2.88 

Weighted average expected lives (in years) 

5.83 

6 

6 

Weighted average grant-date fair value 

6.65 

3.22 

4.47 

The dividend yield is based on estimated future dividend yields. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual term of the share option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. Expected volatilities are generally based on historical volatilities. The expected term of share options granted is generally derived from historical experience. 

Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the respective stock option or restricted stock grant. The Company recognized compensation expense of 1.0 million, 1.0 million and 0.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, related to the awards of stock options and restricted stock grants. The total intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was 0.1 million, 0 and 0.2 million, respectively. The total of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options was approximately 0.3 million as of December 31, 2010. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 1.8 years. The total of unrecognized
compensation cost related to restricted stock was approximately 2.3 million as of December 31, 2010. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted period of approximately 3.4 years. The fair value of the shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was 0.5 million, 0.4 million and 0.2 million, respectively. 

During 2010, 37,389 stock options were granted, subject to a three year vesting schedule with one third of the options vesting each year on the anniversary date of the grant. Additionally, 104,281 shares of restricted stock were granted, subject to a five year vesting schedule with one fifth of the shares vesting each year on the grant date anniversary. 

A summary of share option activity for the year ended December 31, 2010 is reflected in the following table: 

Weighted 

Number 

Weighted 

Average 

Aggregate 

of 

Average 

Contractual 

Intrinsic 

Common 

Exercise 

Remaining 

Value 

(In thousands, except per share data): 

Shares 

Share Price 

Life(Years) 

(in thousands) 

Balance at January 1, 2010 

833,727 

32.56 

408 

Granted 

37,389 

15.00 

128 

Exercised 

(30,620) 

14.54 

- 

Forfeited or expired 

(118,129) 

32.22 

(24) 

Balance at December 31, 2010 

722,367 

32.47 

3.2 

512 

Exercisable at December 31, 2010 

616,182 

35.06 

2.8 

128 

Weighted average fair value of options 

granted during the year 

6.65 

74 

A summary of the activity for the Company s non-vested options and restricted stock for the year ended December 31, 2010 is presented in the following table: 

Weighted 

Average 

Number 

Grant-Date 

(In dollars, except share data): 

of Shares 

Fair Value 

Non-vested options at January 1, 2010 

123,088 

3.88 

Granted 

37,389 

6.65 

Vested 

(50,579) 

4.07 

Forfeited or expired 

(3,713) 

3.70 

Non-vested options at December 31, 2010 

106,185 

4.78 

Weighted 

Average 

Number 

Grant-Date 

(In dollars, except share data): 

of Shares 

Fair Value 

Restricted stock at January 1, 2010 

111,173 

16.46 

Granted 

104,281 

15.00 

Vested 

(29,960) 

18.01 

Forfeited or expired 

(1,743) 

23.67 

Restricted stock at December 31, 2010 

183,751 

15.31 

NOTE 13 PENSION, PROFIT SHARING, AND OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 

Defined Benefit Pension Plan 

The Company has a qualified, noncontributory, defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees. Benefits after January 1, 2005, are based on the benefit earned as of December 31, 2004, plus benefits earned in future years of service based on the employee s compensation during each such year. On November 14, 2007, the Company informed employees that the plan would be frozen for new and existing entrants after December 31, 2007. All benefit accruals for employees were frozen as of December 31, 2007 based on past service and thus future salary increases and additional years of service will no longer affect the defined benefit provided by the plan although additional vesting may continue to occur. 

The Company's funding policy is to contribute amounts to the plan sufficient to meet the minimum funding requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA ), as amended. In addition, the Company contributes additional amounts as it deems appropriate based on benefits attributed to service prior to the date of the plan freeze. The Plan invests primarily in a diversified portfolio of managed fixed income and equity funds. 

75 

The Plan s funded status at December 31 is as follows: 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

Reconciliation of Projected Benefit Obligation: 

Projected obligation at January 1 

29,379 

28,511 

Interest cost 

1,490 

1,436 

Actuarial loss 

569 

352 

Benefit payments 

(805) 

(920) 

Projected obligation at December 31 

30,633 

29,379 

Reconciliation of Fair Value of Plan Assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at January 1 

26,841 

24,973 

Actual return on plan assets 

803 

2,788 

Benefit payments 

(805) 

(920) 

Fair value of plan assets at December 31 

26,839 

26,841 

Funded status at December 31 

(3,794) 

(2,538) 

Accumulated benefit obligation at December 31 

30,633 

29,379 

Unrecognized net actuarial loss 

10,618 

10,806 

Net periodic pension cost not yet recognized 

10,618 

10,806 

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at December 31 are presented in the following table: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Discount rate 

5.00 

5.00 

5.00 

Rate of compensation increase 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

The components of net periodic benefit cost for the years ended December 31 are presented in the following table: 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 

1,490 

1,436 

1,421 

Expected return on plan assets 

(1,201) 

(1,242) 

(1,304) 

Amortization of prior service cost 

- 

- 

(1,589) 

Recognized net actuarial loss 

1,156 

1,362 

393 

Net periodic benefit cost 

1,445 

1,556 

(1,079) 

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for years ended December 31 are presented in the following table: 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Discount rate 

5.00 

5.00 

6.00 

Expected return on plan assets 

4.50 

4.50 

5.50 

Rate of compensation increase 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

The expected rate of return on assets of 4.50 reflects the Plan s predominant investment of assets in cash and debt type securities and an analysis of the average rate of return of the S P 500 index and the Lehman Brothers Gov t/Corp. index over the past 20 years. 

The following table reflects the components of the net unrecognized benefits costs that is reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the periods indicated. Additions represent the growth in the unrecognized actuarial loss during the period. Reductions represent the portion of the unrecognized benefits that are recognized each period as a component of the net periodic benefit cost. 

76 

Unrecognized 

Unrecognized 

Prior Service 

Net 

(In thousands) 

Cost 

Gain/(Loss) 

Included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at January 1, 2008 

(1,589) 

5,078 

Net gain due to plan curtailment 

- 

4,248 

Additions during the year 

- 

4,429 

Reclassifications due to recognition as net periodic pension cost 

1,589 

(393) 

Included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as of December 31, 2008 

- 

13,362 

Additions during the year 

- 

(1,194) 

Reclassifications due to recognition as net periodic pension cost 

- 

(1,362) 

Included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as of December 31, 2009 

- 

10,806 

Additions during the year 

- 

968 

Reclassifications due to recognition as net periodic pension cost 

- 

(1,156) 

Included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as of December 31, 2010 

- 

10,618 

Applicable tax effect 

- 

(4,234) 

Included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) net of tax effect at December 31, 2010 

- 

6,384 

Amount expected to be recognized as part of net periodic pension cost in the next fiscal year 

- 

1,270 

There are no plan assets expected to be returned to the employer in the next twelve months. 

The following items have not yet been recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost at December 31: 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Net actuarial loss 

(10,618) 

(10,806) 

(13,362) 

Net periodic benefit cost not yet recognized 

(10,618) 

(10,806) 

(13,362) 

Plan Assets 

The Company s pension plan weighted average allocations at December 31 for the indicated periods are as follows: 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

Asset Category: 

Cash and certificates of deposit 

43.2 

50.3 

Equity Securities: 

21.0 

29.7 

Debt Securities 

35.8 

20.0 

Total pension plan sssets 

100.0 

100.0 

The Company has a written investment policy approved by the board of directors that governs the investment of the defined benefit pension fund trust portfolio. The investment policy is designed to provide limits on risk that is undertaken by the investment managers both in terms of market volatility of the portfolio and the quality of the individual assets that are held in the portfolio. The investment policy statement focuses on the following areas of concern: preservation of capital, diversification, risk tolerance, investment duration, rate of return, liquidity and investment management costs. 

The Company has constituted the Retirement Plans Investment Committee RPIC in part to monitor the investments of the Plan as well as to recommend to executive management changes in the Investment Policy Statement which governs the Plan s investment operations. These recommendations include asset allocation changes based on a number of factors including the investment horizon for the Plan. The Company s Investment Management and Fiduciary Services Division is the investment manager of the Plan and also serves as an advisor to RPIC on the Plan s investment matters. 

Investment strategies and asset allocations are based on careful consideration of plan liabilities, the plan s funded status and the Company s financial condition. Investment performance and asset allocation are measured and monitored on an ongoing basis. The current target allocations for plan assets are 0-30 for equity securities, 0-100 for fixed income securities and 0-100 for cash funds and emerging market debt funds. This relatively conservative asset allocation has been set after taking into consideration the Plan s current frozen status and the possibility of partial plan terminations over the intermediate term. 

77 

Market volatility risk is controlled by limiting the asset allocation of the most volatile asset class, equities, to no more than 30 of the portfolio and by ensuring that there is sufficient liquidity to meet distribution requirements from the portfolio without disrupting long-term assets. Diversification of the equity portion of the portfolio is controlled by limiting the value of any initial acquisition so that it does not exceed 5 of the market value of the portfolio when purchased. The policy requires the sale of any portion of an equity position when its value exceeds 10 of the portfolio. Fixed income market volatility risk is managed by limiting the term of fixed income investments to five years. Fixed income investments must carry an A or better
rating by a recognized credit rating agency. Corporate debt of a single issuer may not exceed 10 of the market value of the portfolio. The investment in derivative instruments such as naked call options, futures, commodities, and short selling is prohibited. Investment in equity index funds and the writing of covered call options (a conservative strategy to increase portfolio income) are permitted. Foreign currency-denominated debt instruments are not permitted. At December 31, 2010, management is of the opinion that there are no significant concentrations of risk in the assets of the plan with respect to any single entity, industry, country, commodity or investment fund that are not otherwise mitigated by FDIC insurance available to the participants of the plan and collateral pledged for any such amount that may not be covered by FDIC insurance. Investment performance is measured against industry
accepted benchmarks. The risk tolerance and asset allocation limitations imposed by the policy are consistent with attaining the rate of return assumptions used in the actuarial funding calculations. The RPIC committee meets quarterly to review the activities of the investment managers to ensure adherence with the Investment Policy Statement. 

78 

Fair Values 

The fair values of the Company s pension plan assets by asset category as of the dates indicated are presented in the following tables: 

At December 31, 2010 

Quoted Prices in 

Significant Other 

Significant 

Active Markets for 

Observable 

Unobservable 

Identical Assets 

Inputs 

Inputs 

(In thousands) 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Total 

Asset Category: 

Cash and certificates of deposit 

11,497 

- 

- 

11,497 

Equity Securities: 

Industrials 

184 

- 

- 

184 

Telecommunication services 

654 

- 

- 

654 

Consumer 

2,085 

- 

- 

2,085 

Health care 

890 

- 

- 

890 

Information technology 

648 

- 

- 

648 

Energy 

569 

- 

- 

569 

Other 

602 

- 

- 

602 

Total equity securities 

5,632 

- 

- 

5,632 

Fixed income securities: 

U. S. Government Agencies 

- 

1,828 

- 

1,828 

Corporate bonds 

- 

7,783 

- 

7,783 

Other 

99 

- 

- 

99 

Total pension plan sssets 

17,228 

9,611 

- 

26,839 

At December 31, 2009 

Quoted Prices in 

Significant Other 

Significant 

Active Markets for 

Observable 

Unobservable 

Identical Assets 

Inputs 

Inputs 

(In thousands) 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Total 

Asset Category: 

Cash and certificates of deposit 

13,405 

- 

- 

13,405 

Equity Securities: 

Industrials 

833 

- 

- 

833 

Telecommunication services 

533 

- 

- 

533 

Consumer 

1,689 

- 

- 

1,689 

Health care 

1,483 

- 

- 

1,483 

Information technology 

1,859 

- 

- 

1,859 

Energy 

501 

- 

- 

501 

Other 

1,061 

- 

- 

1,061 

Total equity securities 

7,959 

- 

- 

7,959 

Fixed income securities: 

U. S. Government Agencies 

- 

2,269 

- 

2,269 

Corporate bonds 

- 

3,112 

- 

3,112 

Other 

96 

- 

- 

96 

Total pension plan sssets 

21,460 

5,381 

- 

26,841 

Contributions 

The decision as to whether or not to make a plan contribution and the amount of any such contribution is dependent on a number of factors. Such factors include the investment performance of the plan assets in the current economy and, since the plan is currently frozen, the remaining investment horizon of the plan. Given these uncertainties, management has not yet determined the amount of the plan contribution for the coming year. 

79 

Estimated Future Benefit Payments 

Benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, that are expected to be paid for the years ending December31 are presented in the following table: 

Pension 

(In thousands) 

Benefits 

2011 

599 

2012 

710 

2013 

896 

2014 

969 

2015 

990 

2016-2020 

6,570 

Cash and Deferred Profit Sharing Plan 

The Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. Cash and Deferred Profit Sharing Plan includes a 401(k) provision with a Company match. The 401(k) provision is voluntary and covers all eligible employees after ninety days of service. Employees contributing to the 401(k) provision receive a matching contribution of 100 of the first 3 of compensation and 50 of the next 2 of compensation subject to employee contribution limitations. The Company match vests immediately. The Plan permits employees to purchase shares of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. common stock with their 401(k) contributions, Company match, and other contributions under the Plan. Profit sharing contributions and Company match are included in non-interest expenses and totaled 1.4 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008. 

Executive Incentive Retirement Plan 

The Executive Incentive Retirement Plan replaced Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreements SERAs with executive officers of the Company in 2008. This is a defined contribution plan that provides for contributions to be made to the participants plan accounts based on the attainment of a level of financial performance compared to a selected group of peer banks. This level of performance is determined annually by the board of directors. For current participants, accruals for 2008 vested immediately. Amounts transferred to the Plan from the SERAs on behalf of each participant continue to vest based on years of service. No bonus was accrued in 2010 or 2009 due to limitations placed on such incentive plans under TARP. Benefit costs related to the Plan included in
non-interest expenses for 2010, 2009 and 2008 were 0.2 million, 0.3 million, and 0.4 million, respectively. 

NOTE 14 OTHER NON-INTEREST INCOME AND OTHER NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 

Selected components of other non-interest income and other non-interest expense for the years ended December 31 were as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Gain on commercial loan derivatves 

2,185 

1,974 

626 

Letter of credit fees 

1,019 

567 

645 

Extension fees 

594 

793 

813 

Other income 

3,255 

3,543 

3,781 

Total other non-interest income 

7,053 

6,877 

5,865 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Professional fees 

5,586 

4,863 

4,467 

Loss on commercial loan derivatves 

2,185 

1,974 

626 

Postage and delivery 

1,328 

1,373 

1,687 

Communications 

1,433 

1,270 

1,606 

Other expenses 

8,029 

7,119 

6,871 

Total other non-interest expense 

18,561 

16,599 

15,257 

80 

NOTE 15 INCOME TAXES 

The following table provides the components of income tax expense for the periods indicated: 

Years Ended December 31, 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Current income taxes (benefits): 

Federal 

8,106 

(7,059) 

11,404 

State 

1,423 

(1,701) 

2,755 

Total current 

9,529 

(8,760) 

14,159 

Deferred income taxes (benefits): 

Federal 

(469) 

(5,831) 

(8,593) 

State 

(11) 

(1,406) 

(1,924) 

Total deferred 

(480) 

(7,237) 

(10,517) 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

9,049 

(15,997) 

3,642 

Temporary differences between the amounts reported in the financial statements and the tax bases of assets and liabilities result in deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities, shown as the sum of the appropriate tax effect for each significant type of temporary difference, are presented in the following table at December 31: 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

Deferred Tax Assets: 

Allowance for loan and lease losses 

24,781 

25,748 

Loan and deposit premium/discount 

350 

546 

Depreciation 

121 

(271) 

Intangible assets 

- 

- 

Employee benefits 

1,962 

1,918 

Pension plan OCI 

4,234 

4,309 

Deferred loan fees and costs 

302 

78 

Non-qualified stock option expense 

357 

245 

Reserve for recourse loans 

160 

- 

Other than temporary impairment 

206 

- 

Other 

125 

357 

Gross deferred tax assets 

32,598 

32,930 

Deferred Tax Liabilities: 

Intangible assets 

- 

- 

Deferred loan fees and costs 

- 

- 

Unrealized gains on investments available for sale 

(2,497) 

(2,551) 

Bond accretion 

(262) 

(256) 

Pension plan costs 

(2,721) 

(3,297) 

Other 

(51) 

(8) 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

(5,531) 

(6,112) 

Net deferred tax asset 

27,067 

26,818 

No valuation allowance exists with respect to deferred tax items. 

81 

The reconcilement between the statutory federal income tax rate and the effective tax rate for the years ended December 31 is presented in the following table: 

(dollars in thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Percentage of 

Percentage of 

Percentage of 

Pre-Tax 

Pre-Tax 

Pre-Tax 

Amount 

Income (Loss) 

Amount 

Income (Loss) 

Amount 

Income (Loss) 

Income tax expense at federal statutory rate 

11,399 

35.0 

(10,798) 

(35.0) 

6,797 

35.0 

Increase (decrease) resulting from: 

Tax exempt income, net 

(2,411) 

(7.4) 

(2,429) 

(7.9) 

(2,777) 

(14.3) 

Bank-owned life insurance 

(980) 

(3.0) 

(1,017) 

(3.3) 

(1,016) 

(5.2) 

State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefits 

906 

2.8 

(2,020) 

(6.5) 

540 

2.8 

Other, net 

135 

0.4 

267 

0.8 

98 

0.5 

Total income tax expense (benefit) and rate 

9,049 

27.8 

(15,997) 

51.9 

3,642 

18.8 

NOTE 16 NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE 

The calculation of net income (loss) per common share for the years ended December 31 is presented in the following table. 

(Dollars and amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Net income (loss) 

23,520 

(14,855) 

15,779 

Less: Dividends - preferred stock 

6,149 

4,810 

334 

Net income (loss) available to common stockholders 

17,371 

(19,665) 

15,445 

Basic : 

Basic weighted average EPS shares 

22,339 

16,449 

16,373 

Basic net income (loss) per share 

1.05 

(0.90) 

0.96 

Basic net income (loss) per common share 

0.78 

(1.20) 

0.94 

Diluted : 

Basic weighted average EPS shares 

22,339 

16,449 

16,373 

Dilutive common stock equivalents 

41 

- 

56 

Dilutive EPS shares 

22,380 

16,449 

16,429 

Diluted net income (loss) per share 

1.05 

(0.90) 

0.96 

Diluted net income (loss) per common share 

0.78 

(1.20) 

0.94 

Anti-dilutive shares 

776 

1,001 

873 

82 

NOTE 17 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Comprehensive income (loss) is defined as net income (loss) plus transactions and other occurrences that are the result of non-owner changes in equity. For financial statements presented for the Company, non-equity changes are comprised of unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale debt securities and any minimum pension liability adjustments. These do not have an impact on the Company s net income (loss). The components of other comprehensive income (loss) and the related tax effects allocated to each component for the periods indicated are presented in the following table. 

Year ended December 31, 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Net income (loss) 

23,520 

(14,855) 

15,779 

Investments available-for-sale: 

Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments available-for-sale 

(932) 

5,210 

(1,200) 

Related income tax (expense) benefit 

374 

(2,077) 

478 

Net investment gains reclassified into earnings 

796 

418 

235 

Related income tax expense 

(319) 

(167) 

(94) 

Net effect on other comprehensive income (loss) for the period 

(81) 

3,384 

(581) 

Defined benefit pension plan: 

Amortization of prior service costs 

- 

- 

(1,589) 

Recognition of unrealized gain (loss) 

188 

2,555 

(8,284) 

Related income tax benefit (expense) 

(75) 

(1,019) 

3,937 

Net effect on other comprehensive income (loss) for the period 

113 

1,536 

(5,936) 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

32 

4,920 

(6,517) 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

23,552 

(9,935) 

9,262 

The following table presents net accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the periods indicated: 

(In thousands) 

Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments Available-for-Sale 

Defined Benefit Pension Plan 

Total 

Balance at January 1, 2008 

1,042 

(2,097) 

(1,055) 

Period change, net of tax 

(581) 

(5,936) 

(6,517) 

Balance at December 31, 2008 

461 

(8,033) 

(7,572) 

Period change, net of tax 

3,384 

1,536 

4,920 

Balance at December 31, 2009 

3,845 

(6,497) 

(2,652) 

Period change, net of tax 

(81) 

113 

32 

Balance at December 31, 2010 

3,764 

(6,384) 

(2,620) 

NOTE 18 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Certain directors and executive officers have loan transactions with the Company. Such loans were made in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with outsiders. The following schedule summarizes changes in amounts of loans outstanding, both direct and indirect, to these persons during the periods indicated: 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

Balance at January 1 

25,289 

26,758 

Additions 

2,466 

1,184 

Repayments 

(4,913) 

(2,653) 

Balance at December 31 

22,842 

25,289 

NOTE 19 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISK AND DERIVATIVES 

In the normal course of business, the Company has various outstanding credit commitments that are not reflected in the financial statements. These commitments are made to satisfy the financing needs of the Company's clients. The associated credit risk is controlled by subjecting such activity to the same credit and quality controls as exist for the Company's lending and investing activities. The commitments involve diverse business and consumer customers and are generally well collateralized. Collateral held varies, but may include residential real estate, commercial real estate, property and equipment, inventory and accounts receivable. Since a portion of the commitments have some likelihood of not being exercised, the amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. A summary
of the financial instruments with off-balance sheet credit risk is as follows at December 31: 

83 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

Commercial 

72,324 

47,541 

Real estate-development and construction 

53,511 

51,288 

Real estate-residential mortgage 

25,054 

18,416 

Lines of credit, principally home equity and business lines 

586,816 

587,174 

Standby letters of credit 

68,057 

65,242 

Total Commitments to extend credit and available credit lines 

805,762 

769,661 

The Company has entered into interest rate swaps swaps to facilitate customer transactions and meet their financing needs. These swaps qualify as derivatives, but are not designated as hedging instruments. Interest rate swap contracts involve the risk of dealing with counterparties and their ability to meet contractual terms. When the fair value of a derivative instrument contract is positive, this generally indicates that the counterparty or customer owes the Company, and results in credit risk to the Company. When the fair value of a derivative instrument contract is negative, the Company owes the customer or counterparty and therefore, has no credit risk. The swap positions are offset to minimize the potential impact on the Company s financial statements. Any amounts
due to the Company will be expected to be collected from the borrower. Credit risk exists if the borrower s collateral or financial condition indicates that the underlying collateral or financial condition of the borrower makes it probable that amounts due will be uncollectible. Management reviews this credit exposure on a monthly basis. At December 31, 2010 and 2009, all loans associated with the swap agreements were determined to be pass rated credits as provided by regulatory guidance. 

A summary of the Company s interest rate swaps at December 31 is included in the following table: 

2010 

Notional 

Estimated 

Years to 

Receive 

Pay 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Amount 

Fair Value 

Maturity 

Rate 

Rate 

Interest Rate Swap Agreements: 

Pay Fixed/Receive Variable Swaps 

24,286 

(1,113) 

3.7 

2.84 

5.32 

Pay Variable/Receive Fixed Swaps 

24,286 

1,113 

3.7 

5.32 

2.84 

Total Swaps 

48,572 

- 

3.7 

4.08 

4.08 

2009 

Notional 

Estimated 

Years to 

Receive 

Pay 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Amount 

Fair Value 

Maturity 

Rate 

Rate 

Interest Rate Swap Agreements: 

Pay Fixed/Receive Variable Swaps 

23,650 

(289) 

4.8 

2.84 

5.27 

Pay Variable/Receive Fixed Swaps 

23,650 

289 

4.8 

5.27 

2.84 

Total Swaps 

47,300 

- 

4.8 

4.06 

4.06 

Estimated fair value of the swaps at December 31 for the periods indicated in the table above were recorded in other assets and other liabilities. Gains and losses on the swaps are recorded in other non-interest income and other non-interest expense as presented in the table provided in Note 14. 

NOTE 20 LITIGATION 

In the normal course of business, the Company becomes involved in litigation arising from the banking, financial, and other activities it conducts. Management, after consultation with legal counsel, does not anticipate that the ultimate liability, if any, arising out of these matters will have a material effect on the Company's financial condition, operating results or liquidity. 

NOTE 21 FAIR VALUE 

Generally accepted accounting principles provides entities the option to measure eligible financial assets, financial liabilities and commitments at fair value (i.e. the fair value option), on an instrument-by-instrument basis, that are otherwise not permitted to be accounted for at fair value under other accounting standards. The election to use the fair value option is available when an entity first recognizes a financial asset or financial liability or upon entering into a commitment. Subsequent changes in fair value must be recorded in earnings. The Company applies the fair value option on residential mortgage loans held for sale. The fair value option on residential mortgage loans allows the accounting for gains on sale of mortgage loans to more accurately reflect
the timing and economics of the transaction. 

84 

The Company adopted the standards for fair value measurement which clarified that fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received for sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Fair value measurements are not adjusted for transaction costs. The standard for fair value measurement establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below. 

Basis of Fair Value Measurement: 

Level 1- Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities; 

Level 2- Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability; 

Level 3- Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e. supported by little or no market activity). 

A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Assets and Liabilities 

Mortgage loans held for sale 

Mortgage loans held for sale are valued based quotations from the secondary market for similar instruments and are classified as level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Investments available for sale 

U.S. government agencies and mortgage-backed securities 

Valuations are based on active market data and use of evaluated broker pricing models that vary based by asset class and includes available trade, bid, and other market information. Generally, the methodology includes broker quotes, proprietary models, descriptive terms and conditions database coupled with extensive quality control programs. Multiple quality control evaluation processes review available market, credit and deal level information to support the evaluation of the security. If there is a lack of objectively verifiable information available to support the valuation, the evaluation of the security is discontinued. Additionally, proprietary models and pricing systems, mathematical tools, actual transacted prices, integration of market developments and
experienced evaluators are used to determine the value of a security based on a hierarchy of market information regarding a security or securities with similar characteristics. The Company does not adjust the quoted price for such securities. Such instruments are generally classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

State and municipal securities 

Proprietary valuation matrices are used for valuing all tax-exempt municipals that can incorporate changes in the municipal market as they occur. Market evaluation models include the ability to value bank qualified municipals and general market municipals that can be broken down further according to insurer, credit support, state of issuance and rating to incorporate additional spreads and municipal curves. Taxable municipals are valued using a third party model that incorporates a methodology that captures the trading nuances associated with these bonds. Such instruments are generally classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Trust preferred securities 

In active markets, these types of instruments are valued based on quoted market prices that are readily accessible at the measurement date. Positions that are not traded in active markets or are subject to transfer restrictions are valued or adjusted to reflect illiquidity and/or non-transferability, and such adjustments are generally based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management uses a process that employs certain assumptions to determine the present value. For further information, refer to Note 3 Investments. Positions that are not traded in active markets or are subject to transfer restrictions are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

85 

Interest rate swap agreements 

Interest rate swap agreements are measured by alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency in markets that are not active. Based on the complex nature of interest rate swap agreements, the markets these instruments trade in are not as efficient and are less liquid than that of the more mature level 1 markets. These markets do however have comparable, observable inputs in which an alternative pricing source values these assets in order to arrive at a fair market value. These characteristics classify interest rate swap agreements as level 2. 

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

The following tables set forth the Company s financial assets and liabilities at the dates indicated that were accounted for or disclosed at fair value. Assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement: 

At December 31, 2010 

(In thousands) 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs 

(Level 3) 

Total 

Assets 

Residential mortgage loans held-for-sale 

- 

22,717 

- 

22,717 

Investments available-for-sale: 

U.S. government agencies 

- 

306,705 

- 

306,705 

State and municipal 

- 

107,537 

- 

107,537 

Mortgage-backed 

- 

486,961 

- 

486,961 

Trust preferred 

3,182 

- 

2,798 

5,980 

Marketable equity securities 

- 

100 

- 

100 

Interest rate swap agreements 

- 

1,113 

- 

1,113 

Liabilities 

Interest rate swap agreements 

- 

(1,113) 

- 

(1,113) 

At December 31, 2009 

(In thousands) 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs 

(Level 3) 

Total 

Assets 

Residential mortgage loans held-for-sale 

- 

12,498 

- 

12,498 

Investments available-for-sale: 

U.S. government agencies 

- 

355,597 

- 

355,597 

State and municipal 

- 

42,142 

- 

42,142 

Mortgage-backed 

- 

453,998 

- 

453,998 

Trust preferred 

3,213 

- 

3,133 

6,346 

Marketable equity securities 

- 

350 

- 

350 

Interest rate swap agreements 

- 

289 

- 

289 

Liabilities 

Interest rate swap agreements 

- 

(289) 

- 

(289) 

86 

The following table provides unrealized losses included in assets measured in the Consolidated Statements of Condition at fair value on a recurring basis for the periods indicated: 

Significant Unobservable Inputs 

(In thousands) 

(Level 3) 

Investments available-for-sale: 

Balance at December 31, 2008 

3,154 

Total unrealized gains included in other comprehensive income (loss) 

(21) 

Balance at December 31, 2009 

3,133 

Total OTTI included in earnings 

(262) 

Principal redemption 

(656) 

Total unrealized gains included in other comprehensive income (loss) 

583 

Balance at December 31, 2010 

2,798 

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

The following table sets forth the Company s financial assets subject to fair value adjustments (impairment) on a nonrecurring basis at the date indicated that are valued at the lower of cost or market. Assets are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement: 

At December 31, 2010 

(In thousands) 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Total 

Total Losses 

Impaired loans 

- 

- 

65,769 

65,769 

(10,302) 

Other real estate owned 

- 

- 

9,493 

9,493 

(203) 

Total 

- 

- 

75,262 

75,262 

(10,505) 

At December 31, 2009 

(In thousands) 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Total 

Total Losses 

Impaired loans 

- 

- 

92,810 

92,810 

39,241 

Other real estate owned 

- 

- 

7,464 

7,464 

- 

Total 

- 

- 

100,274 

100,274 

39,241 

At December 31, 2010, impaired loans totaling 69.6 million were written down to fair value of 65.8 million as a result of specific loan loss reserves of 3.8 million associated with the impaired loans which was included in the allowance for loan losses. Impaired loans totaling 99.5 million were written down to fair value of 92.8 million at December 31, 2009 as a result of specific loan loss reserves of 6.6 million associated with the impaired loans. 

Loan impairment is measured using the present value of expected cash flows, the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral (less selling costs) if the loans are collateral dependent and are classified at a level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Collateral may be real estate and/or business assets including equipment, inventory and/or accounts receivable. The value of business equipment, inventory and accounts receivable collateral is based on net book value on the business financial statements and, if necessary, discounted based on management s review and analysis. Appraised and reported values may be discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions
from the time of valuation, and/or management s expertise and knowledge of the client and client s business. Impaired loans are reviewed and evaluated on at least a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly, based on the same factors identified above. 

The estimated fair value for other real estate owned included in Level 3 is determined by either an independent market based appraisals and other available market information, less cost to sell, that may be reduced further based on market expectations or an executed sales agreement. 

87 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Company discloses fair value information about financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate the value, whether or not such financial instruments are recognized on the balance sheet. Fair value is the amount at which a financial instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced sale or liquidation, and is best evidenced by a quoted market price, if one exists. 

Quoted market prices, where available, are shown as estimates of fair market values. Because no quoted market prices are available for a significant portion of the Company's financial instruments, the fair value of such instruments has been derived based on the amount and timing of future cash flows and estimated discount rates. 

Present value techniques used in estimating the fair value of many of the Company's financial instruments are significantly affected by the assumptions used. In that regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, could not be realized in immediate cash settlement of the instrument. Additionally, the accompanying estimates of fair values are only representative of the fair values of the individual financial assets and liabilities, and should not be considered an indication of the fair value of the Company. 

The carrying amounts and fair values of the Company s financial instruments at December 31 are presented in the following table: 

2010 

2009 

Estimated 

Estimated 

Carrying 

Fair 

Carrying 

Fair 

(In thousands) 

Amount 

Value 

Amount 

Value 

Financial Assets 

Cash and temporary investments (1) 

85,834 

85,834 

72,294 

72,294 

Investments available-for-sale 

907,283 

907,283 

858,433 

858,433 

Investments held-to-maturity and other equity securities 

135,660 

138,194 

165,366 

170,560 

Loans, net of allowance 

2,094,097 

1,983,242 

2,233,451 

2,022,029 

Accrued interest receivable and other assets (2) 

92,145 

92,145 

89,315 

89,315 

Financial Liabilities 

Deposits 

2,549,872 

2,554,327 

2,696,842 

2,702,142 

Securities sold under retail repurchase agreements and federal funds purchased 

96,243 

96,243 

89,062 

89,062 

Advances from FHLB 

405,758 

447,563 

411,584 

441,020 

Subordinated debentures 

35,000 

8,091 

35,000 

8,077 

Accrued interest payable and other liabilities (2) 

3,765 

3,765 

3,156 

3,156 

(1) Temporary investments include federal funds sold, interest-bearing deposits with banks and residential mortgage loans held for sale. 

(2) Only financial instruments as defined by GAAP are included in other assets and other liabilities. 

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each category of financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that value: 

Cash and Temporary Investments: 

Cash and due from banks, federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits with banks . The carrying amount approximated the fair value. 

Residential mortgage loans held for sale. The fair value of residential mortgage loans held for sale was derived from secondary market quotations for similar instruments. 

Investments: Fair value of U.S. Treasury, U.S. Agency, state and municipal, corporate debt and trust preferred securities was determined as using valuation methodologies outlined in the previous sections of this note. 

Loans: The fair value was estimated by computing the discounted value of estimated cash flows, adjusted for potential loan and lease losses, for pools of loans having similar characteristics. The discount rate was based upon the current loan origination rate for a similar loan. Non-performing loans have an assumed interest rate of 0 . 

Accrued interest receivable: The carrying amount approximated the fair value of accrued interest, considering the short-term nature of the receivable and its expected collection. 

88 

Other assets: The majority of the carrying amount approximated the fair value based on the surrender value of the cash surrender value life insurance contracts as determined by the each insurance carrier. The remaining portion of the carrying amount approximated the fair value of interest rate swaps using quoted prices provided by the swap counterparty. 

Deposits: The fair value of demand, money market savings and regular savings deposits, which have no stated maturity, were considered equal to their carrying amount, representing the amount payable on demand. While management believes that the Bank s core deposit relationships provide a relatively stable, low-cost funding source that has a substantial intangible value separate from the value of the deposit balances, these estimated fair values do not include the intangible value of core deposit relationships, which comprise a significant portion of the Bank s deposit base. 

The fair value of time deposits was based upon the discounted value of contractual cash flows at current rates for deposits of similar remaining maturity. 

Short-term borrowings: The carrying amount approximated the fair value of repurchase agreements due to their variable interest rates. The fair value of Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta advances was estimated by computing the discounted value of contractual cash flows payable at current interest rates for obligations with similar remaining terms. 

Long-term borrowings: The fair value of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta advances and subordinated debentures was estimated by computing the discounted value of contractual cash flows payable at current interest rates for obligations with similar remaining terms. 

Accrued interest payable and other liabilities: The carrying amount approximated the fair value of accrued interest payable, accrued dividends and premiums payable, considering their short-term nature and expected payment. SWAPS 

89 

NOTE 22 PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

The condensed financial statements for Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. (Parent Only) pertaining to the periods covered by the Company's consolidated financial statements are presented in the following tables: 

Statements of Condition 

December 31, 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

12,230 

2,754 

Investments available for sale (at fair value) 

100 

350 

Investment in subsidiary 

395,793 

371,748 

Loan to subsidiary 

35,000 

35,000 

Other assets 

309 

253 

Total assets 

443,432 

410,105 

Liabilities 

Subordinated debentures 

35,000 

35,000 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

863 

1,519 

Total liabilities 

35,863 

36,519 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred Stock 

- 

80,095 

Common stock 

24,047 

16,488 

Warrants 

3,699 

3,699 

Additional paid in capital 

177,344 

87,334 

Retained earnings 

205,099 

188,622 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(2,620) 

(2,652) 

Total stockholders equity 

407,569 

373,586 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

443,432 

410,105 

Statements of Income/(Loss) 

Year Ended December 31, 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Income: 

Cash dividends from subsidiary 

- 

5,115 

7,912 

Other income 

1,191 

1,607 

2,609 

Total income 

1,191 

6,722 

10,521 

Expenses: 

Interest 

940 

1,585 

2,223 

Other expenses 

911 

847 

796 

Total expenses 

1,851 

2,432 

3,019 

Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in undistributed income (loss) of subsidiary 

(660) 

4,290 

7,502 

Income tax benefit 

(167) 

(200) 

(41) 

Income (loss) before equity in undistributed income (loss) of subsidiary 

(493) 

4,490 

7,543 

Equity in undistributed (excess distributions) income (loss) of subsidiary 

24,013 

(19,345) 

8,236 

Net income (loss) 

23,520 

(14,855) 

15,779 

Preferred stock dividends and discount accretion 

6,149 

4,810 

334 

Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

17,371 

(19,665) 

15,445 

90 

Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 

(In thousands) 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

23,520 

(14,855) 

15,779 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Equity in undistributed income-subsidiary 

(24,013) 

- 

(8,237) 

Investment in subsidiary 

- 

19,346 

- 

Common stock issued pursuant to West Financial Services acquisition 

- 

628 

- 

Share based compensation expense 

904 

762 

772 

Net change in other liabilities 

43 

(337) 

448 

Other-net 

14 

421 

(183) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

468 

5,965 

8,579 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Net decrease (increase) in loans receivable 

- 

429 

2,811 

Proceeds from sales of loans 

2,839 

2,839 

- 

Contribution to Bank subsidiary 

- 

- 

(83,094) 

Net cash (used) provided by investing activities 

2,839 

3,268 

(80,283) 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 

- 

- 

83,094 

Redemption of preferred stock 

(83,094) 

- 

- 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

96,464 

521 

743 

Tax benefit from stock options exercised 

201 

26 

51 

Dividends paid 

(4,563) 

(10,047) 

(15,764) 

Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 

9,008 

(9,500) 

68,124 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

12,315 

(267) 

(3,580) 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

2,754 

3,021 

6,601 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

15,069 

2,754 

3,021 

NOTE 23 REGULATORY MATTERS 

The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company's and the Bank's financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Bank's assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Company and the Bank's capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk
weightings, and other factors. 

Quantitative measures established and defined by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Company and the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of total and Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, and of Tier 1 capital to average assets. As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, the capital levels of the Company and the Bank substantially exceeded all applicable capital adequacy requirements. 

As of December 31, 2010, the most recent notification from the Bank s primary regulator categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized the Bank must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based, and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the following table. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the Bank's category. 

91 

The Company's and the Bank's actual capital amounts and ratios at the dates indicated are presented in the following table : 

To Be Well 

Capitalized Under 

For Capital 

Prompt Corrective 

Actual 

Adequacy Purposes 

Action Provisions 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

As of December 31, 2010: 

Total Capital to risk-weighted assets 

Company 

394,050 

15.37 

205,069 

8.00 

n.a. 

n.a. 

Sandy Spring Bank 

381,166 

14.88 

204,909 

8.00 

256,136 

10.00 

Tier 1 Capital to risk-weighted assets 

Company 

361,636 

14.11 

102,535 

4.00 

n.a. 

n.a. 

Sandy Spring Bank 

313,778 

12.25 

102,454 

4.00 

153,682 

6.00 

Tier 1 Leverage 

Company 

361,636 

10.30 

105,338 

3.00 

n.a. 

n.a. 

Sandy Spring Bank 

313,778 

8.94 

105,285 

3.00 

175,475 

5.00 

As of December 31, 2009: 

Total Capital to risk-weighted assets 

Company 

360,450 

13.27 

217,302 

8.00 

n.a. 

n.a. 

Sandy Spring Bank 

357,509 

13.17 

217,159 

8.00 

271,449 

10.00 

Tier 1 Capital to risk-weighted assets 

Company 

326,119 

12.01 

108,651 

4.00 

n.a. 

n.a. 

Sandy Spring Bank 

288,200 

10.62 

108,580 

4.00 

162,869 

6.00 

Tier 1 Leverage 

Company 

326,119 

9.09 

107,618 

3.00 

n.a. 

n.a. 

Sandy Spring Bank 

288,200 

8.04 

107,558 

3.00 

179,263 

5.00 

NOTE 24 - SEGMENT REPORTING 

Currently, the Company conducts business in three operating segments Community Banking, Insurance and Investment Management. Each of the operating segments is a strategic business unit that offers different products and services. Prior to 2010, the Company maintained a leasing segment. In 2010, management combined the operation of the leasing subsidiary into Community Banking segment due to the planned decreasing portfolio size. The presentation of this line of business as a segment was eliminated and combined with the Community Banking segment for all periods presented. All remaining intangibles related to the leasing segment were written off through an impairment charge in 2008. The Insurance and Investment Management segments were businesses that were acquired
in separate transactions where management of acquisition was retained. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. However, the segment data reflect inter-segment transactions and balances. 

The Community Banking segment is conducted through Sandy Spring Bank and involves delivering a broad range of financial products and services, including various loan and deposit products to both individuals and businesses. Parent company income is included in the Community Banking segment, as the majority of effort of these functions is related to this segment. The Community Banking segment also includes Sandy Spring Bancorp. Major revenue sources include net interest income, gains on sales of mortgage loans, trust income, fees on sales of investment products and service charges on deposit accounts. Expenses include personnel, occupancy, marketing, equipment and other expenses. Non-cash charges associated with
amortization of intangibles related to the acquired entities amounted to 1.4 million in 2010, 2.7 million in 2009 and 3.3 million in 2008. 

The Insurance segment is conducted through Sandy Spring Insurance Company, a subsidiary of the Bank, and offers annuities as an alternative to traditional deposit accounts. Sandy Spring Insurance Company operates the Chesapeake Insurance Group, a general insurance agency located in Annapolis, Maryland, and Neff and Associates, located in Ocean City, Maryland. Major sources of revenue are insurance commissions from commercial lines, personal lines, and medical liability lines. Expenses include personnel and support charges. Non-cash charges associated with amortization of intangibles related to the acquired entities amounted to 0.3 million in 2010, 0.3 million in 2009 and 0.4 million in 2008. 

92 

The Investment Management segment is conducted through West Financial Services, Inc., a subsidiary of the Bank. This asset management and financial planning firm, located in McLean, Virginia, provides comprehensive investment management and financial planning to individuals, families, small businesses and associations including cash flow analysis, investment review, tax planning, retirement planning, insurance analysis and estate planning. West Financial currently has approximately 722 million in assets under management. Major revenue sources include non-interest income earned on the above services. Expenses include personnel and support charges. Non-cash charges associated with amortization of intangibles related to the acquired entities amounted to 0.3
million in 2010, 0.7 million 2009 and 0.8 million in 2008. 

93 

Information for the operating segments and reconciliation of the information to the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31 is presented in the following tables: 

Year Ended December 31, 2010 

Community 

Investment 

Inter-Segment 

(In thousands) 

Banking 

Insurance 

Mgmt. 

Elimination 

Total 

Interest income 

148,731 

7 

5 

(394) 

148,349 

Interest expense 

33,136 

- 

- 

(394) 

32,742 

Provision for loan and lease losses 

25,908 

- 

- 

- 

25,908 

Noninterest income 

35,931 

5,807 

5,065 

(810) 

45,993 

Noninterest expenses 

96,212 

4,556 

3,165 

(810) 

103,123 

Income before income taxes 

29,406 

1,258 

1,905 

- 

32,569 

Income tax expense 

7,798 

509 

742 

- 

9,049 

Net income 

21,608 

749 

1,163 

- 

23,520 

Assets 

3,527,889 

12,671 

13,409 

(34,581) 

3,519,388 

Year Ended December 31, 2009 

Community 

Investment 

Inter-Segment 

(In thousands) 

Banking 

Insurance 

Mgmt. 

Elimination 

Total 

Interest income 

156,015 

6 

4 

(795) 

155,230 

Interest expense 

52,317 

- 

- 

(795) 

51,522 

Provision for loan and lease losses 

76,762 

- 

- 

- 

76,762 

Noninterest income 

35,265 

5,980 

4,654 

(612) 

45,287 

Noninterest expenses 

95,445 

4,796 

3,456 

(612) 

103,085 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(33,244) 

1,190 

1,202 

- 

(30,852) 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(16,947) 

481 

469 

- 

(15,997) 

Net income (loss) 

(16,297) 

709 

733 

- 

(14,855) 

Assets 

3,670,521 

12,693 

12,207 

(64,943) 

3,630,478 

Year Ended December 31, 2008 

Community 

Investment 

Inter-Segment 

(In thousands) 

Banking 

Insurance 

Mgmt. 

Elimination 

Total 

Interest income 

170,003 

46 

30 

(1,234) 

168,845 

Interest expense 

61,620 

- 

- 

(1,234) 

60,386 

Provision for loan and lease losses 

33,192 

- 

- 

- 

33,192 

Noninterest income 

34,912 

6,675 

4,542 

108 

46,237 

Noninterest expenses 

93,661 

5,469 

3,562 

(609) 

102,083 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

16,442 

1,252 

1,010 

717 

19,421 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

2,738 

510 

394 

- 

3,642 

Net income (loss) 

13,704 

742 

616 

717 

15,779 

Assets 

3,351,300 

12,032 

13,905 

(63,599) 

3,313,638 

94 

NOTE 25 QUARTERLY FINANCIAL RESULTS (UNAUDITED) 

A summary of selected consolidated quarterly financial data for the years ended December 31is provided in the following tables: 

2010 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Interest income 

37,360 

37,508 

37,367 

36,114 

Interest expense 

9,201 

8,512 

7,868 

7,161 

Net interest income 

28,159 

28,996 

29,499 

28,953 

Provision for loan and lease losses 

15,025 

6,107 

2,453 

2,323 

Noninterest income 

11,340 

11,869 

10,738 

12,046 

Noninterest expense 

25,306 

25,953 

25,339 

26,525 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(832) 

8,805 

12,445 

12,151 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(1,333) 

2,546 

3,961 

3,875 

Net income 

501 

6,259 

8,484 

8,276 

Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

(699) 

5,056 

6,410 

6,604 

Basic net income per share 

0.03 

0.26 

0.35 

0.34 

Basic net income (loss) per common share 

(0.04) 

0.21 

0.27 

0.27 

Diluted net income per share 

0.03 

0.26 

0.35 

0.34 

Diluted net income (loss) per common share 

(0.04) 

0.21 

0.27 

0.27 

2009 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Interest income 

38,728 

38,668 

39,185 

38,649 

Interest expense 

13,703 

14,220 

12,783 

10,816 

Net interest income 

25,025 

24,448 

26,402 

27,833 

Provision for loan and lease losses 

10,613 

10,615 

34,450 

21,084 

Noninterest income 

11,974 

11,009 

10,770 

11,534 

Noninterest expense 

24,250 

26,837 

26,675 

25,323 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

2,136 

(1,995) 

(23,953) 

(7,040) 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(81) 

(1,715) 

(10,379) 

(3,822) 

Net income (loss) 

2,217 

(280) 

(13,574) 

(3,218) 

Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

1,017 

(1,482) 

(14,779) 

(4,421) 

Basic net income (loss) per share 

0.14 

(0.02) 

(0.83) 

(0.20) 

Basic net income (loss) per common share 

0.06 

(0.09) 

(0.90) 

(0.27) 

Diluted net income (loss) per share 

0.13 

(0.02) 

(0.83) 

(0.20) 

Diluted net income (loss) per common share 

0.06 

(0.09) 

(0.90) 

(0.27) 

NOTE 26 SUBSEQUENT EVENT 

Subsequent to December 31, 2010, the Company negotiated the redemption of the warrant issued to the Treasury in connection with the Company s participation in the TARP Capital Purchase Program for 4.5 million, which was completed on February 23, 2011. The redemption of the warrant will result in a net reduction of additional paid-in capital of 0.8 million during the first quarter of 2011. 

Item 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

95 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Fourth Quarter 2010 Changes In Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

No change occurred during the fourth quarter of 2010 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As required by SEC rules, the Company s management evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of December 31, 2010. The Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer participated in the evaluation. Based on this evaluation, the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2010. 

Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting is located on page 46 of this report. 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The material labeled Information as to Nominees and Incumbent Directors, Corporate Governance, Code of Business Conduct, Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Shareholder Proposals and Communications, and Report of the Audit Committee in the Proxy Statement is incorporated in this Report by reference. Information regarding executive officers is included under the caption Executive Officers on page 13 of this Report. 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The material labeled "Corporate Governance and Other Matters," "Executive Compensation," and "Compensation Committee Report" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated in this Report by reference. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The material labeled Owners of More than 5 of Bancorp s Common Stock and, "Stock Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated in this Report by reference. Information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference from Equity Compensation Plans on page 20. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The material labeled Director Independence and "Transactions and Relationships with Management" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated in this Report by reference. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The material labeled Audit and Non-Audit Fees in the Proxy Statement is incorporated in this Report by reference. 

PART IV. 

Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The following financial statements are filed as a part of this report: 

Consolidated Statements of Condition at December 31, 2010 and 2009 

Consolidated Statements of Income/(Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Reports of Registered Public Accounting Firm 

96 

All financial statement schedules have been omitted, as the required information is either not applicable or included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or related Notes. 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

Incorporated by Reference to: 

3(a) 

Articles of Incorporation of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc., as Amended 

Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1996, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

3(b) 

Bylaws of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. 

Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K dated May 13, 1992, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

4(a) 

No long-term debt instrument issued by the Company exceeds 10 of consolidated assets or is registered. In accordance with paragraph 4(iii) of Item 601(b) of Regulation S-K, the Company will furnish the SEC copies of all long-term debt instruments and related agreements upon request. 

4(b) 

Warrant to Purchase 651,547 Shares of Common Stock of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. 

Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2008, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

10(a) 

Amended and Restated Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc., Cash and Deferred Profit Sharing Plan and Trust 

Exhibit 10(a) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1997, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

10(b) 

Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. 2005 Omnibus Stock Plan 

Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated June 27, 2005, Commission File No. 0-19065. 

10(c) 

Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan 

Exhibit 4 to Registration Statement on Form S-8, Registration Statement No. 333-81249. 

10(d) 

Sandy Spring National Bank of Maryland Executive Health Insurance Plan 

Exhibit 10 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2002, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

10(e) 

Form of Director Fee Deferral Agreement, August 26, 1997, as amended 

Exhibit 10(h) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

10(f) 

Employment Agreement by and among Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc., Sandy Spring Bank, and Philip J. Mantua 

Exhibit 10(l) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

10(g) 

Employment Agreement by and among Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc., Sandy Spring Bank, and Daniel J. Schrider 

Exhibit 10(h) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

10(h) 

Form of Sandy Spring National Bank of Maryland Officer Group Term Replacement Plan 

Exhibit 10(r) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

10(i) 

Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. Directors Stock Purchase Plan 

Exhibit 4 to Registration Statement on Form S-8, File No. 333-117330. 

10(j) 

Sandy Spring Bank Executive Incentive Retirement Plan 

Exhibit 10(v) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

10(k) 

Form of Amendment to Directors Fee Deferral Agreement 

Exhibit 10(o) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

10(l) 

Form of Amendment to Employment Agreement for executive officers 

Exhibit 10(p) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

10(m) 

Form of Amendment to Employment Agreement for executive officers 

Exhibit 10(q) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

10(n) 

Letter Agreement and related Securities Purchase Agreement Standard Terms, dated December 5, 2008, between Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and United States Department of the Treasury 

Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2008, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

10(o) 

Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. 2001 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Exhibit 4 to Registration Statement on Form S-8, Registration Statement No. 333-63126 

10(p) 

Form of letter agreement by and among Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc., Sandy Spring Bank and certain executive officers 

Exhibit 10(t) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

97 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

Incorporated by Reference to: 

10(q) 

Change in Control Agreement by and among Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc., Sandy Spring Bank R. Louis Caceres 

Exhibit 10(a) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2010, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

10(r) 

Change in Control Agreement by and among Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc., Sandy Spring Bank Joseph J. O Brien, Jr. 

Exhibit 10(b) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2010, SEC File No. 0-19065. 

21 

Subsidiaries 

Exhibit 21 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, SEC File No. 0-19065 

23 

Consent of Grant Thornton LLP 

31(a) 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 

31(b) 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 

32(a) 

18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Certification 

32(b) 

18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Certification 

99(a) 

Principal Executive Officer Certification Regarding TARP 

99(b) 

Principal Financial Officer Certification Regarding TARP 

Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement filed pursuant to Item 15(b) of this Report. 

Shareholders may obtain, upon payment of a reasonable fee, a copy of the exhibits to this Report on Form 10-K by writing Ronald E. Kuykendall, General Counsel and Secretary, at Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc., 17801 Georgia Avenue, Olney, Maryland 20832. Shareholders also may access a copy of the Form 10-K including exhibits on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov or through the Company s Investor Relations Web site maintained at www.sandyspringbank.com. 

98 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 

/s/ Daniel J. Schrider 

Daniel J. Schrider 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of March 11, 2010. 

Principal Executive Officer and Director: 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer: 

/s/ Daniel J. Schrider 

/s/ Philip J. Mantua 

Daniel J. Schrider 

Philip J. Mantua 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Signature 

Title 

/s/ Mark E. Friis 

Director 

Mark E. Friis 

/s/ Susan D. Goff 

Director 

Susan D. Goff 

/s/_Solomon Graham 

Director 

Solomon Graham 

/s/ Gilbert L. Hardesty 

Director 

Gilbert L. Hardesty 

/s/ Pamela A. Little 

Director 

Pamela A. Little 

/s/ Robert L. Orndorff 

Director 

Robert L. Orndorff 

/s/ David E. Rippeon 

Director 

David E. Rippeon 

/s/ Craig A. Ruppert 

Director 

Craig A. Ruppert 

/s/ Daniel J. Schrider 

Director 

Daniel J. Schrider 

/s/ Dennis A. Starliper 

Director 

Dennis A. Starliper 

99 

<EX-23>
 4
 v214289_ex23.htm

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our reports dated March 16, 2011, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the following Registration Statements of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc.: 

Registration statement (Form S-8, File No. 33-48453, effective December 16, 1996) pertaining to Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. Cash and Deferred Profit Sharing Plan and Trust 

Registration statement (Form S-8; File No. 333-81249, effective June 22, 1999) pertaining to Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. 1999 Option Plan 

Registration statement (Form S-8; File No.333-63126, effective June 15, 2001) pertaining to Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. 2001 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Registration statement (Form S-8; File No. 333-126701, effective July 19, 2005) pertaining to Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc. 2005 Omnibus Stock Plan 

Registration statement (Form S-8; File no. 333-166808, effective May 13, 2010) pertaining to Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc. Director Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated 

Registration statement (Form S-3; File no.333-157134, effective February 19, 2009) pertaining to Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc. Shelf registration of Debt Securities, Common Stock, Preferred Stock, Warrants, Depositary Shares and Units 

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 

March 16, 2011 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.A>
 5
 v214289_ex31a.htm

Unassociated Document 

Exhibit 31 (a) 

CERTIFICATION 

Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certifications 

I, Daniel J. Schrider, Chief Executive Officer of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. Bancorp ), certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 14, 2011 

/s/ Daniel J. Schrider 

Daniel J. Schrider 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 6
 v214289_ex31b.htm

Unassociated Document 

Exhibit 31 (b) 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Philip J. Mantua, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. Bancorp ), certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 14, 2011 

/s/ Philip J. Mantua 

Philip J. Mantua 

Executive Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 7
 v214289_ex32a.htm

Exhibit 32(a) 

18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Certification 

I hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that the accompanying Form 10-K of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. Bancorp for the period ended December 31, 2010, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934(15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and that the information contained in this Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Bancorp. 

By: 

/s/ Daniel J. Schrider 

Daniel J. Schrider 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 14, 2011 

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 8
 v214289_ex32b.htm

Exhibit 32(b) 

18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Certification 

I hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that the accompanying Form 10-K of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. ("Bancorp") for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2010, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and that the information contained in this Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Bancorp. 

By: 

/s/ Philip J. Mantua 

Philip J. Mantua 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 14, 2011 

</EX-32.B>

<EX-99.1>
 9
 v214289_ex99-1.htm

Unassociated Document 

EXHIBIT 99.1 

CERTIFICATION 

PURSUANT TO 31 C.F.R. 30.15 

I, Daniel J. Schrider, certify, based on my knowledge, that: 

(i) The compensation committee of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has discussed, reviewed, and evaluated with senior risk officers at least every six months during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period, senior executive officer (SEO) compensation plans and employee compensation plans and the risks these plans pose to Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc.; 

(ii) The compensation committee of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has identified and limited during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period any features of the SEO compensation plans that could lead SEOs to take unnecessary and excessive risks that could threaten the value of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and has identified any features of the employee compensation plans that pose risks to Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and has limited those features to ensure that Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. is not unnecessarily exposed to risks; 

(iii) The compensation committee has reviewed, at least every six months during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period, the terms of each employee compensation plan and identified any features of the plan that could encourage the manipulation of reported earnings of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. to enhance the compensation of an employee, and has limited any such features; 

(iv) The compensation committee of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. will certify to the reviews of the SEO compensation plans and employee compensation plans required under (i) and (iii) above; 

(v) The compensation committee of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. will provide a narrative description of how it limited during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period the features in 

(a) 

SEO compensation plans that could lead SEOs to take unnecessary and excessive risks that could threaten the value of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc.; 

(b) 

Employee compensation plans that unnecessarily expose Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. to risks; and 

(c) 

Employee compensation plans that could encourage the manipulation of reported earnings of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. to enhance the compensation of an employee; 

(vi) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has required that bonus payments to SEOs or any of the next twenty most highly compensated employees, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA (bonus payments), be subject to a recovery or clawback provision during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period if the bonus payments were based on materially inaccurate financial statements or any other materially inaccurate performance metric criteria; 

(vii) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has prohibited any golden parachute payment, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA, to a SEO or any of the next five most highly compensated employees during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; 

(viii) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has limited bonus payments to its applicable employees in accordance with section 111 of EESA and the regulations and guidance established thereunder during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; 

(ix) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and its employees have complied with the excessive or luxury expenditures policy, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA, during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; and any expenses that, pursuant to the policy, required approval of the board of directors, a committee of the board of directors, an SEO, or an executive officer with a similar level of responsibility were properly approved; 

(x) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. will permit a non-binding shareholder resolution in compliance with any applicable Federal securities rules and regulations on the disclosures provided under the Federal securities laws related to SEO compensation paid or accrued during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; 

(xi) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. will disclose the amount, nature, and justification for the offering, during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period, of any perquisites, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA, whose total value exceeds 25,000 for any employee who is subject to the bonus payment limitations identified in paragraph (viii); 

(xii) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. will disclose whether Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc., the board of directors of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc., or the compensation committee of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has engaged during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period a compensation consultant; and the services the compensation consultant or any affiliate of the compensation consultant provided during this period; 

(xiii) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has prohibited the payment of any gross-ups, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA, to the SEOs and the next twenty most highly compensated employees during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; 

(xiv) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has substantially complied with all other requirements related to employee compensation that are provided in the agreement between Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and Treasury, including any amendments; 

(xv) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has submitted to Treasury a complete and accurate list of the SEOs and the twenty next most highly compensated employees for the current fiscal year, with the non-SEOs ranked in descending order of level of annual compensation, and with the name, title, and employer of each SEO and most highly compensated employee identified; and 

(xvi) I understand that a knowing and willful false or fraudulent statement made in connection with this certification may be punished by fine, imprisonment, or both. 

Dated: March 10, 2011 

/s/Daniel J. Schrider 

Daniel J. Schrider 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 10
 v214289_ex99-2.htm

Unassociated Document 

EXHIBIT 99.2 

CERTIFICATION 

PURSUANT TO 31 C.F.R. 30.15 

I, Philip J. Mantua, certify, based on my knowledge, that: 

(i) The compensation committee of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has discussed, reviewed, and evaluated with senior risk officers at least every six months during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period, senior executive officer (SEO) compensation plans and employee compensation plans and the risks these plans pose to Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc.; 

(ii) The compensation committee of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has identified and limited during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period any features of the SEO compensation plans that could lead SEOs to take unnecessary and excessive risks that could threaten the value of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and has identified any features of the employee compensation plans that pose risks to Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and has limited those features to ensure that Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. is not unnecessarily exposed to risks; 

(iii) The compensation committee has reviewed, at least every six months during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period, the terms of each employee compensation plan and identified any features of the plan that could encourage the manipulation of reported earnings of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. to enhance the compensation of an employee, and has limited any such features; 

(iv) The compensation committee of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. will certify to the reviews of the SEO compensation plans and employee compensation plans required under (i) and (iii) above; 

(v) The compensation committee of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. will provide a narrative description of how it limited during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period the features in 

(a) 

SEO compensation plans that could lead SEOs to take unnecessary and excessive risks that could threaten the value of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc.; 

(b) 

Employee compensation plans that unnecessarily expose Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. to risks; and 

(c) 

Employee compensation plans that could encourage the manipulation of reported earnings of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. to enhance the compensation of an employee; 

(vi) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has required that bonus payments to SEOs or any of the next twenty most highly compensated employees, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA (bonus payments), be subject to a recovery or clawback provision during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period if the bonus payments were based on materially inaccurate financial statements or any other materially inaccurate performance metric criteria; 

(vii) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has prohibited any golden parachute payment, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA, to a SEO or any of the next five most highly compensated employees during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; 

(viii) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has limited bonus payments to its applicable employees in accordance with section 111 of EESA and the regulations and guidance established thereunder during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; 

(ix) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and its employees have complied with the excessive or luxury expenditures policy, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA, during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; and any expenses that, pursuant to the policy, required approval of the board of directors, a committee of the board of directors, an SEO, or an executive officer with a similar level of responsibility were properly approved; 

(x) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. will permit a non-binding shareholder resolution in compliance with any applicable Federal securities rules and regulations on the disclosures provided under the Federal securities laws related to SEO compensation paid or accrued during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; 

(xi) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. will disclose the amount, nature, and justification for the offering, during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period, of any perquisites, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA, whose total value exceeds 25,000 for any employee who is subject to the bonus payment limitations identified in paragraph (viii); 

(xii) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. will disclose whether Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc., the board of directors of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc., or the compensation committee of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has engaged during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period a compensation consultant; and the services the compensation consultant or any affiliate of the compensation consultant provided during this period; 

(xiii) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has prohibited the payment of any gross-ups, as defined in the regulations and guidance established under section 111 of EESA, to the SEOs and the next twenty most highly compensated employees during any part of the most recently completed fiscal year that was a TARP period; 

(xiv) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has substantially complied with all other requirements related to employee compensation that are provided in the agreement between Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and Treasury, including any amendments; 

(xv) Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. has submitted to Treasury a complete and accurate list of the SEOs and the twenty next most highly compensated employees for the current fiscal year, with the non-SEOs ranked in descending order of level of annual compensation, and with the name, title, and employer of each SEO and most highly compensated employee identified; and 

(xvi) I understand that a knowing and willful false or fraudulent statement made in connection with this certification may be punished by fine, imprisonment, or both. 

Dated: March 10, 2011 

/s/ Philip J. Mantua 

Philip J. Mantua 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-99.2>

