<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20120620_10-K_edgar_data_1156445_0001493152-12-000647.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2747022</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>212135</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>344502</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1498187</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>252575</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>305307</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-12-000647.hdr.sgml : 20120620
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20120620150412
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-12-000647
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20120331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20120620
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20120620

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI LP SERIES 9
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001156445
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATORS OF APARTMENT BUILDINGS [6513]
		IRS NUMBER:				330974533
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50315
		FILM NUMBER:		12917186

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17782 SKY PARK CIRCLE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614-6404
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7146625565

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17782 SKY PARK CIRCLE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614-6404

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-12-000647.txt : 20120620

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm

Form 10-K 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One) 

[X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended March, 31, 2012 

OR 

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to
__________ 

Commission file number: 333-76435 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., Series
9 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

California 
 33-0974533 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 Identification No.) 

17782 Sky Park Circle, 

Irvine, CA 
 92614-6404 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (zip code) 

(714) 662-5565 

 (Telephone Number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

 NONE 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: 

UNITS OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTEREST 

 (Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act 

 Yes [ ] No [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes [ ] No [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of large accelerated
filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

 Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated
filer [ ] Non-accelerated filer [X] Smaller reporting company [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes [ ] No [X] 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold,
or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter. 

INAPPLICABLE 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

List hereunder the following documents if incorporated
by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is incorporated: (1) Any annual
report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c)
under the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report
to security holders for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980). 

NONE 

PART I. 

Item 1. Business 

Organization 

WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series
9 (the Partnership is a California Limited Partnership formed under the laws of the State of California on July
17, 2001 and commenced operations on August 3, 2001. The Partnership was formed to acquire limited partnership interests in other
limited partnerships Local Limited Partnerships which own multi-family housing complexes Housing Complexes that are eligible for Federal low income housing tax credits Low Income Housing Tax Credits ). The local general
partners (the Local General Partners of each Local Limited Partnership retain responsibility for maintaining, operating
and managing the Housing Complex. Each Local Limited Partnership is governed by its agreement of limited partnership (the Local
Limited Partnership Agreement ). 

The general partner of the Partnership is WNC
 Associates, Inc. Associates or the General Partner ). The chairman and the president of Associates
owns all of the outstanding stock of Associates. The business of the Partnership is conducted primarily through the General Partner,
as the Partnership has no employees of its own. 

Pursuant to a registration statement filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on August 16, 2001, the Partnership commenced a public offering
of 25,000 Units of Limited Partnership Interest Partnership Units at a price of 1,000 per Partnership Unit. As of
the close of the public offering a total of 15,325 Partnership Units representing 15,316,125, net of dealer discounts of 7,350
and volume discounts of 1,525, had been sold. Holders of Partnership Units are referred to herein as Limited Partners . 

The Partnership
shall continue in full force and effect until December 31, 2062 unless terminated prior to that date pursuant to the Partnership
Agreement (as defined below) or law. 

Description of Business 

The Partnership s principal business objective
is to provide its Limited Partners with Low Income Housing Tax Credits. The Partnership s principal business therefore consists
of investing as a limited partner or non-managing member in Local Limited Partnerships each of which will own and operate a Housing
Complex which will qualify for the Low Income Housing Tax Credits. In general, under Section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code, an
owner of low income housing can receive the Low Income Housing Tax Credits to be used to reduce Federal taxes otherwise due in
each year of a ten-year credit period. Each Housing Complex is subject to a 15-year compliance period (the Compliance Period ),
and under state law may have to be maintained as low income housing for 30 or more years. 

As a consequence of the
provisions of tax law in effect for dispositions of buildings prior to August 2008, in order to avoid recapture of Low Income
Housing Credits, the Partnership expected that it would not dispose of its interests in Local Limited Partnerships Local Limited Partnership Interests or approve the sale by any Local Limited Partnership or its Housing
Complex prior to the end of the applicable Compliance Period. That provision of law was amended in 2008 (i) to provide that
there would be no recapture on sale of a Low Income Housing Tax Credit building during the Compliance Period if it were
reasonable to expect at the time of sale that the building would continue to be operated as qualified low income housing (see
 Exit Strategy below) and (ii) to eliminate the possibility of posting a bond against potential recapture. The
Partnership is not seeking to sell its Local Limited Partnership Interests. And, because of (i) the nature of the Housing
Complexes and the Local Limited Partnership Interests, (ii) the difficulty of predicting the resale market for low-income
housing, (iii) the current economy, and (iv) the ability of lenders to disapprove of transfer, it is not possible at this
time to predict when the liquidation of the Partnership s assets and the disposition of the proceeds, if any, in accordance
with the Partnership s Agreement of Limited Partnership dated July 17, 2001 (the Partnership Agreement ), would
occur. Furthermore, the recent codification of the economic substance doctrine as part of 2010 legislation has created
some uncertainty about the deductibility of losses from low income housing that is not generating Low Income Housing Tax
Credits, and this could have an adverse effect on the resale market for Housing Complexes and Local Limited Partnership
Interests. Until a Local Limited Partnership Interest or the related Housing Complex is sold, it is anticipated that the
Local General Partner would continue to operate such Housing Complex. Notwithstanding the preceding, circumstances beyond the
control of the General Partner or the Local General Partners may occur during the ten-year credit delivery period and/or the
Compliance Period, which would require the Partnership to approve the disposition of a Housing Complex prior to the end
thereof, possibly resulting in recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits. 

2 

The Partnership invested in
thirteen Local Limited Partnerships, none of which have been sold or otherwise disposed of as of March 31, 2012. Each of
these Local Limited Partnerships owns a single Housing Complex with the exception of one Local Limited Partnership which owns
three Housing Complexes that are eligible for the Low Income Housing Tax Credits. Certain Local Limited Partnerships may also
benefit from additional government programs promoting low- or moderate-income housing. 

Exit Strategy 

The Compliance Period for a Housing Complex
is generally 15 years following construction or rehabilitation completion. Associates was one of the first in the industry to offer
syndicated investments in Low Income Housing Tax Credits. The initial programs have completed their Compliance Periods. 

Upon the sale of a Local Limited Partnership
Interest or Housing Complex after the end of the Compliance Period, there would be no recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits.
A sale prior to the end of the Compliance Period must satisfy the reasonable belief test outlined above to avoid
recapture. 

The following table reflects the end of the
ten-year credit delivery period and the Compliance Period of each Housing Complex: 

Local Limited Partnership Name 

Expected last year of credit delivery 
 
 15-year Compliance Period 
 
 505 West Main Limited Partnership 
 
 2013 
 
 2017 

Byhalia Estates, L.P. 
 
 2012 
 
 2016 

Calico Terrace Limited Partnership 
 
 2013 
 
 2017 

Harbor Pointe, L.P. 
 
 2013 
 
 2018 

McPherson Housing Associates Limited Partnership 
 
 2012 
 
 2016 

Mendota I, L.P. an Illinois Limited Partnership 
 
 2012 
 
 2016 

North Davison Partners 99 Limited Partnership 
 
 2013 
 
 2017 

Oakview Terrace Townhomes Limited Partnership 
 
 2013 
 
 2017 

Parker Estates, L.P. 
 
 2012 
 
 2016 

Preservation Partners III Limited Partnership, 
 
 2012 
 
 2016 

Saw Mill Creek II Limited Dividend Housing 
 Association L.P. 
 
 2012 
 
 2016 

Selman Place, L.P. 
 
 2013 
 
 2017 

Villas of Palm L.P. 
 
 2007 
 
 2011 

With that in mind, the General Partner is continuing
its review of the Housing Complexes. The review considers many factors, including extended use requirements (such as those due
to mortgage restrictions or state compliance agreements), the condition of the Housing Complexes, and the tax consequences to the
Limited Partners from the sale of the Housing Complexes. 

Upon identifying those Housing Complexes with
the highest potential for a successful sale, refinancing or re-syndication, the Partnership expects to proceed with efforts to
liquidate them. The objective is to wind down the Partnership as Low Income Housing Tax Credits are no longer available. Local
Limited Partnership Interests may be disposed of any time by the General Partner in its discretion. While liquidation of the Housing
Complexes continues to be evaluated, the dissolution of the Partnership was not imminent as of March 31, 2012. 

3 

The proceeds from
the disposition of any of the Housing Complexes will be used first to pay debts and other obligations per the respective Local
Limited Partnership Agreement. Any remaining proceeds will then be paid to the partners of the Local Limited Partnership, including
the Partnership, in accordance with the terms of the particular Local Limited Partnership Agreement. The sale of a Housing Complex
may be subject to other restrictions and obligations. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a Local Limited Partnership will
be able to sell its Housing Complex. Even if it does so, there can be no assurance that any significant amounts of cash will be
distributed to the Partnership, as the proceeds first would be used to pay Partnership obligations and funding of reserves. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Set forth below are the risks the Partnership
believes are the most significant to the Limited Partners. The Partnership and the Local Limited Partnerships operate in a continually
changing business environment and, therefore, new risks emerge from time to time. This section contains some forward-looking statements.
For an explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements, see Item 7. 

(a) Risks arising from the Internal Revenue Code rules governing Low Income Housing
Tax Credits 

Low Income Housing Tax
Credits might not be available . If a Housing Complex does not satisfy the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 42,
then the Housing Complex will not be eligible for Low Income Housing Tax Credits. 

Low Income Housing Tax
Credits might be less than anticipated . The Local General Partners calculate the amount of the Low Income Housing Tax Credits.
No opinion of counsel will cover the calculation of the amount of Low Income Housing Tax Credits. The IRS could challenge the amount
of the Low Income Housing Tax Credits claimed for any Housing Complex under any of a number of provisions set forth in Internal
Revenue Code Section 42. A successful challenge by the IRS would decrease the amount of the Low Income Housing Tax Credits from
the amount paid for by the Partnership. 

Unless a bond is posted
or a Treasury Direct Account is established, Low Income Housing Tax Credits may be recaptured if Housing Complexes are not owned
and operated for 15 years . Housing Complexes must comply with Internal Revenue Code Section 42 for the 15-year Compliance Period.
Low Income Housing Tax Credits will be recaptured with interest to the extent that a Housing Complex is not rented as low income
housing or in some other way does not satisfy the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 42 during the Compliance Period.
For example, unless a bond is posted or a Treasury Direct Account is established, recapture with interest would occur if: 

a Local Limited Partnership disposed of
its interest in a Housing Complex during the Compliance Period, or 

the Partnership disposed of its interest
in a Local Limited Partnership during the Compliance Period. 

For these purposes, disposition includes transfer
by way of foreclosure. 

It will be up to the Partnership to determine
whether to post a bond. There is no obligation under the agreements with the Local Limited Partnerships that the Local Limited
Partnerships must do so. 

There can be no assurance that recapture will
not occur. If it does, recapture will be a portion of all Low Income Housing Tax Credits taken in prior years for that Housing
Complex, plus interest. During the first 11 years of the Compliance Period, non-compliance results in one-third of the Low Income
Housing Tax Credits up to that point for the particular Housing Complex being recaptured, plus interest. Between years 12 and 15,
the recapture is phased out ratably. 

4 

Sales of Housing Complexes
after 15 years are subject to limitations which may impact a Local Limited Partnership s ability to sell its Housing Complex .
Each Local Limited Partnership executes an extended low income housing commitment with the state in which the Housing Complex is
located. The extended low income housing commitment states the number of years that the Local Limited Partnership and any subsequent
owners must rent the Housing Complex as low income housing. Under Federal law, the commitment must be for at least 30 years. The
commitment, actually agreed to, may be significantly longer than 30 years. In prioritizing applicants for Low Income Housing Tax
Credits, most states give additional points for commitment periods in excess of 30 years. On any sale of the Housing Complex during
the commitment period, the purchaser would have to agree to continue to rent the Housing Complex as low income housing for the
duration of the commitment period. This requirement reduces the potential market, and possibly the sales price, for the Housing
Complexes. The sale of a Housing Complex may be subject to other restrictions. For example, Federal lenders or subsidizers may
have the right to approve or disapprove a purchase of a Housing Complex. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a Local Limited
Partnership will be able to sell its Housing Complex. Even if it does so, there can be no assurance that any amount of cash will
be distributed to the Limited Partners. The Partnership would first use sale proceeds to pay obligations of the Partnership. As
a result, a material portion of the Low Income Housing Tax Credits may represent a return of the money originally invested in the
Partnership. 

As part of the recently enacted health care
legislation, Congress has codified the economic substance doctrine. Because of its recent enactment, the full reach of this provision
is unclear. Inasmuch as Housing Complexes might offer no benefit to a purchaser other than tax benefits, it is possible that the
economic substance doctrine could be interpreted to limit deduction of tax losses from Housing Complexes, which would be expected
to have a significant adverse effect on the sale value of the Housing Complexes and the Local Limited Partnership Interests. 

Limited Partners can
only use Low Income Housing Tax Credits in limited amounts . The ability of an individual or other non-corporate Limited Partner
to claim Low Income Housing Tax Credits on his individual tax return is limited. For example, an individual Limited Partner can
use Low Income Housing Tax Credits to reduce his tax liability on: 

an unlimited amount of passive income,
which is income from entities such as the Partnership, and 

25,000 in income from other sources. 

However, the use of Low Income Housing Tax
Credits by an individual against these types of income is subject to ordering rules, which may further limit the use of Low Income
Housing Tax Credits. Some corporate Limited Partners are subject to similar and other limitations. They include corporations which
provide personal services, and corporations which are owned by five or fewer shareholders. 

Any portion of a Low Income Housing Tax Credit
which is allowed to a Limited Partner under such rules is then aggregated with all of the Limited Partner s other business
credits. The aggregate is then subject to the general limitation on all business credits. That limitation provides that a Limited
Partner can use business credits to offset the Limited Partner s annual tax liability equal to 25,000 plus 75 of the Limited
Partner s tax liability in excess of 25,000. However, business credits may not be used to offset any alternative minimum
tax. All of these concepts are extremely complicated. 

(b) Risks related to investment in Local Limited Partnerships and Housing Complexes 

Because the Partnership
has few investments, each investment will have a great impact on the Partnership s results of operations. Any single
Housing Complex experiencing poor operating performance, impairment of value or recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits will
have a significant impact upon the Partnership as a whole. 

The failure to pay mortgage
debt could result in a forced sale of a Housing Complex . Each Local Limited Partnership leverages the Partnership s investment
therein by incurring mortgage debt. A Local Limited Partnership s revenues could be less than its debt payments and taxes
and other operating costs. If so, the Local Limited Partnership would have to use working capital reserves, seek additional funds,
or suffer a forced sale of its Housing Complex, which could include a foreclosure. The same results could occur if government subsidies
ceased. 

5 

Foreclosure would result
in a loss of the Partnership s capital invested in the Housing Complex. Foreclosure could also result in a recapture of Low
Income Housing Tax Credits, and a loss of Low Income Housing Tax Credits for the year in which the foreclosure occurs. If the Housing
Complex is highly-leveraged, a relatively slight decrease in the rental revenues could adversely affect the Local Limited Partnership s
ability to pay its debt service requirements. Mortgage debt may be repayable in a self-amortizing series of equal installments
or with a large balloon final payment. Balloon payments maturing prior to the end of the anticipated holding period for the Housing
Complex create the risk of a forced sale if the debt cannot be refinanced. There can be no assurance that additional funds will
be available to any Local Limited Partnership if needed on acceptable terms or at all. 

The Partnership does
not control the Local Limited Partnerships and must rely on the Local General Partners . The Local General Partners will make
all management decisions for the Local Limited Partnerships and the Housing Complexes. The Partnership has very limited rights
with respect to management of the Local Limited Partnerships. The Partnership will not be able to exercise any control with respect
to Local Limited Partnership business decisions and operations. Consequently, the success of the Partnership will depend on the
abilities of the Local General Partners. 

Housing Complexes subsidized
by other government programs are subject to additional rules which may make it difficult to operate and sell Housing Complexes .
Some or all of the Housing Complexes receive or may receive government financing or operating subsidies in addition to Low Income
Housing Tax Credits. The following are risks associated with some such subsidy programs: 

Obtaining tenants for the Housing Complexes.
Government regulations limit the types of people who can rent subsidized housing. These regulations may make it more difficult
to rent the residential units in the Housing Complexes. 

Obtaining rent increases. In many cases
rents can only be increased with the prior approval of the subsidizing agency. 

Limitations on cash distributions. The
amount of cash that may be distributed to owners of subsidized Housing Complexes is less than the amount that could be earned by
the owners of non-subsidized Housing Complexes. 

Limitations on sale or refinancing of
the Housing Complexes. A Local Limited Partnership may be unable to sell its Housing Complex or to refinance its mortgage loan
without the prior approval of the lender. The lender may withhold such approval in the discretion of the lender. Approval may be
subject to conditions, including the condition that the purchaser continues to operate the property as affordable housing for terms
which could be as long as 30 years or more. In addition, any prepayment of a mortgage may result in the assessment of a prepayment
penalty. 

Limitations on transfers of interests
in Local Limited Partnerships. The Partnership may be unable to sell its interest in a Local Limited Partnership without the prior
approval of the lender. The lender may withhold such approval in the discretion of the lender. Approval may be subject to conditions. 

Limitations on removal and admission of
Local General Partners. The Partnership may be unable to remove a Local General Partner from a Local Limited Partnership except
for cause, such as the violation of the rules of the lender or state allocating authority. Regulations may prohibit the removal
of a Local General Partner or permit removal only with the prior approval of the lender. Regulations may also require approval
of the admission of a successor Local General Partner even upon the death or other disability of a Local General Partner. 

Limitations on subsidy payments. Subsidy
payments may be fixed in amount and subject to annual legislative appropriations. The rental revenues of a Housing Complex, when
combined with the maximum committed subsidy, may be insufficient to meet obligations. Congress or the state legislature, as the
case may be, may fail to appropriate or increase the necessary subsidy. In those events, the mortgage lender could foreclose on
the Housing Complex unless a workout arrangement could be negotiated. 

Possible changes in applicable regulations.
Legislation may be enacted which adversely revises provisions of outstanding mortgage loans. Such legislation has been enacted
in the past. 

Limited Partners may not receive distributions
if Housing Complexes are sold. There is no assurance that Limited Partners will receive any cash distributions from the sale or
refinancing of a Housing Complex. The price at which a Housing Complex is sold may not be high enough to pay the mortgage and other
expenses at the Local Limited Partnership and Partnerships levels which must be paid at such time. If that happens, a Limited Partner s
return would be derived only from the Low Income Housing Tax Credits and tax losses. 

6 

Uninsured casualties
could result in losses and recapture . There are casualties which are either uninsurable or not economically insurable. These
include earthquakes, floods, wars and losses relating to hazardous materials or environmental matters. If a Housing Complex experienced
an uninsured casualty, the Partnership could lose both its invested capital and anticipated profits in such property. Even if the
casualty were an insured loss, the Local Limited Partnership might be unable to rebuild the destroyed property. A portion of prior
tax credits could be recaptured and future tax credits could be lost if the Housing Complex were not restored within a reasonable
period of time. Any liability judgments against the Local Limited Partnership could exceed available insurance proceeds or otherwise
materially and adversely affect the Local Limited Partnership. The cost of liability and casualty insurance has increased in recent
years. Casualty insurance has become more difficult to obtain and may require large deductible amounts. 

Housing Complexes without
financing or operating subsidies may be unable to pay operating expenses . If a Local Limited Partnership were unable to pay
operating expenses, one result could be a forced sale of its Housing Complex. If a forced sale occurs during the Compliance Period
of a Housing Complex, a partial recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits could occur. In this regard, some of the Local Limited
Partnerships may own Housing Complexes which have no subsidies other than Low Income Housing Tax Credits. Those Housing Complexes
do not have the benefit of below-market-interest-rate financing or operating subsidies which often are important to the feasibility
of low income housing. Those Housing Complexes rely solely on rents to pay expenses. However, in order for any Housing Complex
to be eligible for Low Income Housing Tax Credits, it must restrict the rent which may be charged to tenants. Over time, the expenses
of a Housing Complex will increase. If a Local Limited Partnership cannot increase its rents, it may be unable to pay increased
operating expenses. 

The Partnership s
investment protection policies will be worthless if the net worth of the Local General Partners is not sufficient to satisfy their
obligations. There is a risk that the Local General Partners will be unable to perform their financial obligations to the Partnership.
The General Partner has not established a minimum net worth requirement for the Local General Partners. Rather, each Local General
Partner demonstrates a net worth which the General Partner believes is appropriate under the circumstances. The assets of the Local
General Partners are likely to consist primarily of real estate holdings and similar assets. The fair market value of these types
of assets is difficult to estimate. These types of assets cannot be readily liquidated to satisfy the financial guarantees and
commitments which the Local General Partners make to the Partnership. Moreover, other creditors may have claims on these assets.
No escrow accounts or other security arrangements will be established to ensure performance of a Local General Partner s
obligations. The cost to enforce a Local General Partner s obligations may be high. If a Local General Partner does not satisfy
its obligations the Partnership may have no remedy, or the remedy may be limited to removing the Local General Partner as general
partner of the Local Limited Partnership. 

Fluctuating economic
conditions can reduce the value of real estate . The Partnership s principal business objective is providing its Limited
Partners with Low Income Housing Tax Credits, not the generation of gains from the appreciation of real estate held by the Local
Limited Partnerships. In its financial statements, the Partnership has carried its investments in Local Limited Partnerships at
values equal to or less than the sum of the total amount of the remaining future Low Income Housing Tax Credits estimated to be
allocated to the Partnership and the estimated residual value to the Partnership of its interests in the Local Limited Partnerships. 

Any investment in real
estate is subject to risks from fluctuating economic conditions. These conditions can adversely affect the ability to realize a
profit or even to recover invested capital. Among these conditions are: 

the general and local job market, 

the availability and cost of mortgage
financing, 

monetary inflation, 

tax, environmental, land use and zoning
policies, 

the supply of and demand for similar properties, 

neighborhood conditions, 

the availability and cost of utilities
and water. 

7 

For each of the years
ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, a loss in value of an investment in a Local Limited Partnership, other than a temporary decline,
is recorded by the Partnership in its financial statements as an impairment loss. Impairment is measured by comparing the Partnership s
carrying amount in the investment to the sum of the total amount of the remaining future Low Income Housing Tax Credits estimated
to be allocated to the Partnership and any estimated residual value to the Partnership. For the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011
and 2010, impairment loss related to investments in Local Limited Partnerships was 1,113,185, 1,015,218, and 876,565, respectively. 

(c) Tax risks other than those relating to tax credits 

In addition to the risks pertaining specifically
to Low Income Housing Tax Credits, there are other Federal income tax risks. Additional Federal income tax risks associated with
the ownership of Partnership Units and the operations of the Partnership and the Local Limited Partnerships include, but are not
limited to, the following: 

No opinion of counsel
as to certain matters . No legal opinion is obtained regarding matters: 

the determination of which depends on
future factual circumstances, 

which are peculiar to individual Limited
Partners, or 

which are not customarily the subject
of an opinion. 

The more significant of these matters include: 

allocating purchase price among components
of a property, particularly as between buildings and fixtures, the cost of which is depreciable, and the underlying land, the cost
of which is not depreciable, 

characterizing expenses and payments made
to or by the Partnership or a Local Limited Partnership, 

identifying the portion of the costs of
any Housing Complex which qualify for historic and other tax credits, 

applying to any specific Limited Partner
the limitation on the use of tax credits and tax losses. Limited Partners must determine for themselves the extent to which they
can use tax credits and tax losses, and 

the application of the alternative minimum tax to
 any specific Limited Partner, or the calculation of the alternative minimum tax by any Limited Partner. The alternative
 minimum tax could reduce the tax benefits from an investment in the Partnership 

There can be no assurance, therefore, that
the IRS will not challenge some of the tax positions adopted by the Partnership. The courts could sustain an IRS challenge. An
IRS challenge, if successful, could have a detrimental effect on the Partnership s ability to realize its investment objectives. 

Passive activity rules
will limit deduction of the Partnership s losses and impose tax on interest income. The Internal Revenue Code imposes
limits on the ability of most investors to claim losses from investments in real estate. An individual may claim these so-called
passive losses only as an offset to income from investments in real estate or rental activities. An individual may not claim passive
losses as an offset against other types of income, such as salaries, wages, dividends and interest. These passive activity rules
will restrict the ability of most Limited Partners to use losses from the Partnership as an offset of non-passive income. 

The Partnership may
earn interest income on its reserves and loans . The passive activity rules generally will categorize interest as portfolio
income, and not passive income. Passive losses cannot be used as an offset to portfolio income. Consequently, a Limited Partner
could pay tax liability on portfolio income from the Partnership. 

At risk rules might
limit deduction of the Partnership s losses . If a significant portion of the financing used to purchase Housing Complexes
does not consist of qualified nonrecourse financing, the at risk rules will limit a Limited Partner s ability
to claim Partnership losses to the amount the Limited Partner invests in the Partnership. The at risk rules of the
Internal Revenue Code generally limit a Limited Partner s ability to deduct Partnership losses to the sum of: 

the amount of cash the Limited Partner
invests in the Partnership, and 

the Limited Partner s share of Partnership
qualified nonrecourse financing. 

8 

Qualified nonrecourse financing is non-convertible,
nonrecourse debt which is borrowed from a government, or with exceptions, any person actively and regularly engaged in the business
of lending money. 

Tax liability on sale
of a Housing Complex or Local Limited Partnership Interest may exceed the cash available from the sale . When a Local Limited
Partnership sells a Housing Complex it will recognize gain. Such gain is equal to the difference between: 

the sales proceeds plus the amount of
indebtedness secured by the Housing Complex, and 

the adjusted basis for the Housing Complex.
The adjusted basis for a Housing Complex is its original cost, plus capital expenditures, minus depreciation. 

Similarly, when the Partnership sells an interest
in a Local Limited Partnership the Partnership will recognize gain. Such gain is equal to the difference between: 

the sales proceeds plus the Partnership s
share of the amount of indebtedness secured by the Housing Complex, and 

the adjusted basis for the interest. The
adjusted basis for an interest in a Local Limited Partnership is the amount paid for the interest, plus income allocations and
cash distributions, less loss allocations. 

Accordingly, gain will be increased by the
depreciation deductions taken during the holding period for the Housing Complex. In some cases, a Limited Partner could have a
tax liability from a sale greater than the cash distributed to the Limited Partner from the sale. 

IRS could audit the
returns of the Partnership, the Local Limited Partnerships or the Limited Partners . The IRS can audit the Partnership or a
Local Limited Partnership at the entity level with regard to issues affecting the entity. The IRS does not have to audit each Limited
Partner in order to challenge a position taken by the Partnership or a Local Limited Partnership. Similarly, only one judicial
proceeding can be filed to contest an IRS determination. A contest by the Partnership of any IRS determination might result in
high legal fees. 

An audit of the Partnership
or a Local Limited Partnership also could result in an audit of a Limited Partner. An audit of a Limited Partner s tax
returns could result in adjustments both to items that are related to the Partnership and to unrelated items. The Limited Partner
could then be required to file amended tax returns and pay additional tax plus interest and penalties. 

A successful IRS challenge
to tax allocations of the Partnership or a Local Limited Partnership would reduce the tax benefits of an investment in the Partnership.
 Under the Internal Revenue Code, a partnership s allocation of income, gains, deductions, losses and tax credits must
have substantial economic effect. Substantial economic effect is a highly-technical concept. The fundamental principle is two-fold.
If a partner will benefit economically from an item of partnership income or gain, that item must be allocated to him so that he
bears the correlative tax burden. Conversely, if a partner will suffer economically from an item of partnership deduction or loss,
that item must be allocated to him so that he bears the correlative tax benefit. If a partnership s allocations do not have
substantial economic effect, then the partnership s tax items are allocated in accordance with each partner s interest
in the partnership. The IRS might challenge the allocations made by the Partnership: 

between the Limited Partners and the General
Partner, 

among the Limited Partners, or 

between the Partnership and a Local General
Partner. 

If any allocations were successfully challenged,
a greater share of the income or gain or a lesser share of the losses or tax credits might be allocated to the Limited Partners.
This would increase the tax liability or reduce the tax benefits to the Limited Partners. 

9 

Tax liabilities could
arise in later years of the Partnership . After a period of years following commencement of operations by a Local Limited Partnership,
the Local Limited Partnership may generate profits rather than losses. A Limited Partner would have tax liability on his share
of such profits unless he could offset the income with: 

unused passive losses from the Partnership
or other investments, or 

current passive losses from other investments.

In such circumstances, the Limited Partner
would not receive a cash distribution from the Partnership with which to pay any tax liability. 

IRS challenge to tax
treatment of expenditures could reduce losses . The IRS may contend that fees and payments of the Partnership or a Local Limited
Partnership: 

should be deductible over a longer period
of time or in a later year, 

are excessive and may not be capitalized
or deducted in full, 

should be capitalized and not deducted,
or 

may not be included as part of the basis
for computing tax credits. 

Any such contention by the IRS could adversely
impact, among other things: 

the eligible basis of a Housing Complex
used to compute Low Income Housing Tax Credits, 

the adjusted basis of a Housing Complex
used to compute depreciation, 

the correct deduction of fees, 

the amortization of organization and offering
expenses and start-up expenditures. 

If the IRS were successful in any such contention,
the anticipated Low Income Housing Tax Credits and losses of the Partnership would be reduced, perhaps substantially. 

Changes in tax law might
reduce the value of Low Income Housing Tax Credits . Although all Low Income Housing Tax Credits are allocated to a Housing
Complex at commencement of the 10-year credit period, there can be no assurance that future legislation may not adversely affect
an investment in the Partnership. For example, legislation could reduce or eliminate the value of Low Income Housing Tax Credits.
In this regard, before 1986, the principal tax benefit of an investment in low income housing was tax losses. These tax losses
generally were used to reduce an investor s income from all sources on a dollar-for-dollar basis. Investments in low income
housing were made in reliance on the availability of such tax benefits. However, tax legislation enacted in 1986 severely curtailed
deduction of such losses. 

New administrative or
judicial interpretations of the law might reduce the value of Low Income Housing Tax Credits. Many of the provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code related to low income housing and real estate investments have not been interpreted by the IRS in regulations,
rulings or public announcements, or by the courts. In the future, these provisions may be interpreted or clarified by the IRS or
the courts in a manner adverse to the Partnership or the Local Limited Partnerships. The IRS constantly reviews the Federal tax
rules, and can revise its interpretations of established concepts. Any such revisions could reduce or eliminate tax benefits associated
with an investment in the Partnership. 

State income tax laws
may adversely affect the Limited Partners . A Limited Partner may be required to file income tax returns and be subject to tax
and withholding in each state or local taxing jurisdiction in which: a Housing Complex is located, the Partnership or a Local Limited
Partnership engages in business activities, or the Limited Partner is a resident. Corporate Limited Partners may be required to
pay state franchise taxes. 

The tax treatment of
particular items under state or local income tax laws may vary materially from the Federal income tax treatment of such items. 
Nonetheless, many of the Federal income tax risks associated with an investment in the Partnership may also apply under state or
local income tax law. The Partnership may be required to withhold state taxes from distributions or income allocations to Limited
Partners in some instances. 

10 

(d) Risks related to the Partnership and the Partnership Agreement 

The Partnership may
be unable to timely provide financial reports to the Limited Partners which would adversely affect their ability to monitor Partnership
operations. Historically, the Partnership has been unable to timely file and provide investors with all of its required periodic
reports. In some instances, the delay has been substantial. Each Local General Partner is required to retain independent public
accountants and to report financial information to the Partnership in a timely manner. There cannot be any assurance that the Local
General Partners will satisfy these obligations. If not, the Partnership would be unable to provide to the Limited Partners in
a timely manner its financial statements and other reports. That would impact the Limited Partners ability to monitor Partnership
operations. The Partnership s failure to meet its filing requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 could reduce
the liquidity for the Partnership Units due to the unavailability of public information concerning the Partnership. The failure
to file could also result in sanctions imposed by the SEC. Any defense mounted by the Partnership in the face of such sanctions
could entail legal and other fees, which would diminish cash reserves. 

Lack of liquidity of
investment. There is no public market for the purchase and sale of Partnership Units, and it is unlikely that one will develop.
Accordingly, Limited Partners may not be able to sell their Partnership Units promptly or at a reasonable price. Partnership Units
should be considered as a long-term investment because the Partnership is unlikely to sell any Local Limited Partnership Interests
for at least 15 years. Partnership Units cannot be transferred to tax-exempt or foreign entities, or through a secondary market.
The General Partner can deny effectiveness of a transfer if necessary to avoid adverse tax consequences from the transfer. The
General Partner does not anticipate that any Partnership Units will be redeemed by the Partnership. 

The Limited Partners
will not control the Partnership and must rely totally on the General Partner . The General Partner will make all management
decisions for the Partnership. Management decisions include exercising powers granted to the Partnership by a Local Limited Partnership.
Limited Partners have no right or power to take part in Partnership management. 

Individual Limited Partners will have no recourse
if they disagree with actions authorized by a vote of the majority. The Partnership Agreement grants to Limited Partners owning
more than 50 of the Partnership Units the right to: 

remove the General Partner and elect a
replacement general partner, 

amend the Partnership Agreement, 

terminate the Partnership. 

Accordingly, a majority-in-interest of the
Limited Partners could cause any such events to occur, even if Limited Partners owning 49 of the Partnership Units opposed such
action. 

Limitations on liability
of the General Partner to the Partnership . The ability of Limited Partners to sue the General Partner and it affiliates is
subject to limitations. The Partnership Agreement limits the liability of the General Partner and it affiliates to the Limited
Partners. The General Partner and it affiliates will not be liable to the Limited Partners for acts and omissions: performed or
omitted in good faith, and performed or omitted in a manner which the General Partner reasonably believed to be within the scope
of its authority and in the best interest of the Limited Partners, provided such conduct did not constitute negligence or misconduct. 

Therefore, Limited Partners may be less able
to sue the General Partner and it affiliates than would be the case if such provisions were not included in the Partnership Agreement. 

Associates and its affiliates
are serving as the general partners of many other partnerships . Depending on their corporate area of responsibility, the officers
of Associates initially devote approximately 5 to 50 of their time to the Partnership. These individuals spend significantly
less time devoted to the Partnership after the investment of the Partnership s capital in Local Limited Partnerships. 

11 

The interests of Limited
Partners may conflict with the interests of the General Partner and it affiliates . The General Partner and it affiliates are
committed to the management of more than 100 other limited partnerships that have investments similar to those of the Partnership.
The General Partner and it affiliates receive substantial compensation from the Partnership. The General Partner decides how the
Partnership s investments in Housing Complexes are managed, and when the investments will be sold. The General Partner may
face a conflict in these circumstances because the General Partner s share of fees and cash distributions from the transaction
may be more or less than their expected share of fees if a Housing Complex was not sold. The result of these conflicts could be
that the General Partner may make investments which are less desirable, or on terms which are less favorable, to the Partnership
than might otherwise be the case. The Partnership has not developed any formal process for resolving conflicts of interest. However,
the General Partner is subject to a fiduciary duty to exercise good faith and integrity in handling the affairs of the Partnership,
and that duty will govern its actions in all such matters. Furthermore, the manner in which the Partnership can operate and sell
investments is subject to substantial restrictions as outlined in the Partnership Agreement. 

The
Partnership s accrued payables consist primarily of the asset management fees payable to the General Partner. These
asset management fees payable increased by 118,000, 118,000, and 131,000, for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and
2010, respectively. The Partnership s future contractual cash obligations consist of its obligations to pay future
annual asset management fees and the payables due to the Local Limited Partnerships. The future annual asset management fees
will equal approximately 143,000 per year through the termination of the Partnership, which must occur no later than
December 31, 2062. Though the amounts payable to the General Partner and/or its affiliates are contractually currently
payable, the Partnership anticipates that the General Partner and/or its affiliates will not require the payment of these
contractual obligations until capital reserves are in excess of the aggregate of the existing contractual obligations and
anticipated future foreseeable obligations of the Partnership. The Partnership would be adversely affected should the General
Partner and/or its affiliates demand current payment of the existing contractual obligations and or suspend services for this
or any other reason. 

Associates agreed to continue
providing advances sufficient enough to fund the operations and working capital requirements of the Partnership through June 30,
2013. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not Applicable 

Item 2. Properties 

Through its investments in Local Limited Partnerships,
the Partnership holds indirect ownership interests in the Housing Complexes. The following table reflects the status of the thirteen
Housing Complexes as of the dates or for the periods indicated: 

12 

As of March 31, 2012 
 As of December 31, 2011 

Local Limited Partnership Name 
 
 Location 
 
 General Partner Name 
 Partnership s Total Investment in Local Limited Partnership 
 Amount of Investment Paid to Date 
 Number of Units 
 Estimated Aggregate Low Income Housing Tax Credits (1) 
 Mortgage Balances of Local Limited Partnership 

505 West Main Limited Partnership 
 
 Vermillion, South Dakota 
 
 Crane Fowler Investments, L.L.C. Sioux Falls Environmental Access, Inc. 
 709,000 
 709,000 
 40 
 1,087,000 
 1,682,000 

Byhalia Estates, L.P. 
 
 Byhalia, Mississippi 
 
 SEMC, Inc. 
 219,000 
 219,000 
 25 
 318,000 
 676,000 

Calico Terrace Limited Partnership 
 
 Calico Rock, Arkansas 
 
 River Valley Planning Development Corp. 
 452,000 
 452,000 
 29 
 640,000 
 1,355,000 

Harbor Pointe, L.P. 
 
 Tifton, Georgia 
 
 BC Holdings, LLC 
 1,869,000 
 1,869,000 
 56 
 2,491,000 
 2,031,000 

McPherson Housing Associates Limited Partnership 
 
 McPherson, Kansas 
 
 ERC Properties, Inc 
 1,770,000 
 1,770,000 
 72 
 2,313,000 
 1,798,000 

Mendota I, L.P. an Illinois Limited Partnership 
 
 Morris, Illinois and Mendota, Illinois and Plano, Illinois 
 
 Affordable Housing Development Fund, Inc. 
 1,691,000 
 1,691,000 
 96 
 2,297,000 
 2,580,000 

North Davison Partners 99 Limited Partnership, a South Dakota Limited Partnership 
 
 Mitchell, South Dakota 
 
 Crane Fowler Investments, L.L.C. Sioux Falls Environmental Access, Inc. 
 470,000 
 470,000 
 20 
 684,000 
 622,000 

Oakview Terrace Townhomes Limited Partnership 
 
 North Branch, Minnesota 
 
 Curtis G. Carlson Co., Inc., M.F. Carlson Co., Inc., Robert B. Carlson 
 1,104,000 
 1,104,000 
 24 
 1,577,000 
 1,427,000 

Parker Estates, L.P., a Mississippi Limited Partnership 
 
 Sunflower, Mississippi 
 
 SEMC, Inc 
 274,000 
 274,000 
 32 
 400,000 
 915,000 

Preservation Partners III Limited Partnership, an Illinois Limited Partnership 
 
 Monmouth, Illinois 
 
 Affordable Housing Development Fund, Inc. 
 579,000 
 579,000 
 32 
 827,000 
 721,000 

Saw Mill Creek II Limited Dividend Housing Association Limited Partnership, a Michigan Limited Partnership 
 
 Vicksburg, Michigan 
 
 Raymond T. Cato Christopher R. Cato 
 383,000 
 343,000 
 24 
 539,000 
 1,069,000 

Selman Place, LP 
 
 Bainbridge, Georgia 
 
 BC Holdings, LC 
 1,679,000 
 1,679,000 
 56 
 2,239,000 
 2,269,000 

Villas of Palm L.P. 
 
 Coon Rapids, Minnesota 
 
 Caroline Corporation 
 242,000 
 242,000 
 20 
 372,000 
 816,000 

11,441,000 
 11,401,000 
 526 
 15,784,000 
 17,961,000 

(1) Represents aggregate
anticipated Low Income Housing Tax Credits to be received over the 10 year credit period if Housing Complexes are retained
and rented in compliance with credit rules for the 15-year Compliance Period. 90 of the anticipated Low Income Housing Tax
Credits have been received from the Local Limited Partnerships and are no longer available to the Partnership s Limited
Partners. 

13 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2011 
 
 Local Limited Partnership Name 
 Rental Income 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 Low Income Housing Tax Credits Allocated to Partnership 

505 West Main Limited Partnership 
 494,000 
 45,000 
 40.84 

Byhalia Estates, L.P. 
 177,000 
 (3,000 
 99.98 

Calico Terrace Limited Partnership 
 168,000 
 (2,000 
 99.98 

Harbor Pointe, L.P. 
 244,000 
 (114,000 
 99.97 

McPherson Housing Associates Limited Partnership 
 405,000 
 (57,000 
 99.98 

Mendota I, L.P. an Illinois Limited Partnership 
 500,000 
 (95,000 
 99.98 

North Davison Partners 99 Limited Partnership, a South Dakota Limited Partnership 
 179,000 
 8,000 
 99.98 

Oakview Terrace Townhomes Limited Partnership 
 191,000 
 (43,000 
 99.98 

Parker Estates, L.P., a Mississippi Limited Partnership 
 212,000 
 (36,000 
 99.98 

Preservation Partners III Limited Partnership, an Illinois Limited Partnership 
 144,000 
 (63,000 
 99.98 

Saw Mill Creek II Limited Dividend Housing Association Limited Partnership, a Michigan Limited Partnership 
 142,000 
 (17,000 
 99.98 

Selman Place, LP 
 248,000 
 (118,000 
 99.97 

Villas of Palm L.P. 
 181,000 
 (30,000 
 99 

3,285,000 
 (525,000 

14 

WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 9 

Occupancy Rates As of December 31, 

Local Limited Partnership Name 
 
 Location 
 
 General Partner Name 
 2011 
 2010 
 2009 
 2008 
 2007 

505 West Main Limited Partnership 
 
 Vermillion, South Dakota 
 
 Crane Fowler Investments, L.L.C. Sioux Falls Environmental Access, Inc. 
 95 
 98 
 90 
 100 
 93 

Byhalia Estates, L. P. 
 
 Byhalia, Mississippi 
 
 SEMC, Inc. 
 92 
 100 
 100 
 100 
 100 

Calico Terrace Limited Partnership 
 
 Calico Rock, Arkansas 
 
 River Valley Planning Development Corp. 
 97 
 100 
 100 
 83 
 90 

Harbor Pointe, L.P. 
 
 Tifton, Georgia 
 
 BC Holdings, LLC 
 93 
 98 
 98 
 100 
 100 

McPherson Housing Associates L.P. 
 
 McPherson, Kansas 
 
 ERC Properties, Inc 
 94 
 94 
 93 
 97 
 99 

Mendota I, L.P. an Illinois Limited Partnership 
 
 Morris, Illinois and Mendota, Illinois and Plano, Illinois 
 
 Affordable Housing Development Fund, Inc. 
 96 
 94 
 98 
 98 
 96 

North Davison Partners 99 Limited Partnership, a South Dakota Limited Partnership 
 
 Mitchell, South Dakota 
 
 Crane Fowler Investments, L.L.C. Sioux Falls Environmental Access, Inc. 
 95 
 95 
 95 
 85 
 90 

Oakview Terrace Townhomes L.P. 
 
 North Branch, Minnesota 
 
 Curtis G. Carlson Co., Inc., M.F. Carlson Co., Inc., Robert B. Carlson 
 96 
 96 
 83 
 83 
 96 

Parker Estates, L.P., a Mississippi L.P. 
 
 Sunflower, Mississippi 
 
 SEMC, Inc. 
 100 
 100 
 100 
 97 
 97 

15 

WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 9 

Occupancy Rates 

As of December 31, 

Local Limited Partnership Name 
 
 Location 
 
 General Partner Name 
 2011 
 2010 
 2009 
 2008 
 2007 

Preservation Partners III L.P. 
 
 Monmouth, Illinois 
 
 Affordable Housing Development Fund, Inc. 
 97 
 88 
 84 
 94 
 97 

Saw Mill Creek II Limited Dividend Housing Association L.P. 
 
 Vicksburg, Michigan 
 
 Raymond T. Cato Christopher R. Cato 
 83 
 88 
 71 
 92 
 83 

Selman Place, LP 
 
 Bainbridge, Georgia 
 
 BC Holdings, LC 
 100 
 100 
 98 
 98 
 98 

Villas of Palm L.P. 
 
 Coon Rapids, Minnesota 
 
 Caroline Corporation 
 100 
 70 
 100 
 100 
 100 

Weighted average 
 95 
 95 
 94 
 96 
 96 

16 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

NONE 

Item 4.Mine Safety Disclosure 

NOT APPLICABLE 

PART II. 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Item 5a. 

a) The Partnership Units are not traded on a public exchange but were sold through a public offering.
It is not anticipated that any public market will develop for the purchase and sale of any Partnership Units and none exists. Partnership
Units can be assigned or otherwise transferred only if certain requirements in the Partnership Agreement are satisfied. 

b) At March 31, 2012, there were 817 Limited
 Partners, respectively, and no assignees of Partnership Units who were not admitted as Limited Partners, respectively. 

c) The Partnership was not designed to provide
 operating cash distributions to Limited Partners. It is possible that the Partnership could make distributions from sale
 proceeds, if the Partnership is able to sell its Local Limited Partnership Interests or Housing Complexes for more than the
 related closing costs and any then accrued obligations of the Partnership. There can be no assurance in this regard. Any
 distributions would be made in accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement. For all periods presented there were
 no cash distributions to the Limited Partners. 

d) No securities are authorized for issuance by the Partnership under equity compensation plans. 

e) The Partnership does not issue common stock. 

f) No unregistered securities were sold by the Partnership during the year ended March 31, 2012. 

Item 5b. Use of Proceeds 

NOT APPLICABLE 

Item 5c. Purchases of Equity Securities
by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

NONE 

17 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Selected balance sheet information for the Partnership is as follows: 

March 31, 

2012 
 2011 
 2010 
 2009 
 2008 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 45,580 
 194,033 
 217,644 
 210,224 
 227,351 
 
 Investments in Local Limited Partnerships, net 
 1,248,395 
 2,844,594 
 4,287,152 
 5,703,153 
 7,414,092 

Total Assets 
 1,293,975 
 3,038,627 
 4,504,796 
 5,913,377 
 7,641,443 

LIABILITIES 

Payables to Local Limited Partnerships 
 40,282 
 40,282 
 40,282 
 40,282 
 40,282 
 
 Accrued fees and expenses due to General Partner and affiliates 
 1,136,020 
 1,059,723 
 894,502 
 758,600 
 641,912 

Total Liabilities 
 1,176,302 
 1,100,005 
 934,784 
 798,882 
 682,194 

PARTNERS EQUITY 
 117,673 
 1,938,622 
 3,570,012 
 5,114,495 
 6,959,249 

Total Liabilities and Partners Equity 
 1,293,975 
 3,038,627 
 4,504,796 
 5,913,377 
 7,641,443 

18 

Selected results of operations, cash flows and other information
for the Partnership are as follows: 

For the Years Ended March 31, 

2012 
 2011 
 2010 
 2009 
 2008 

Loss from operations (Note 1) 
 (1,346,687 
 (1,210,727 
 (1,015,968 
 (1,164,527 
 (1,040,764 
 
 Equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships 
 (474,286 
 (420,897 
 (528,759 
 (680,851 
 (792,843 
 
 Interest income 
 24 
 234 
 244 
 624 
 426 

Net loss 
 (1,820,949 
 (1,631,390 
 (1,544,483 
 (1,844,754 
 (1,833,181 

Net loss allocated to: 

General Partner 
 (1,821 
 (1,631 
 (1,544 
 (1,845 
 (1,833 

Limited Partners 
 (1,819,128 
 (1,629,759 
 (1,542,939 
 (1,842,909 
 (1,831,348 

Net loss per Partnership Unit 
 (118.70 
 (106.35 
 (100.68 
 (120.26 
 (119.50 

Outstanding weighted Partnership Units 
 15,325 
 15,325 
 15,325 
 15,325 
 15,325 

Note 1 - Loss from operations for the years ended March 31, 2012,
2011, 2010, 2009, and 2008 include a charge for impairment losses on investments in Local Limited Partnerships of 1,113,185, 1,015,218,
 876,565, 1,013,938, and 854,929, respectively (see Note 2 to the financial statements). 

19 

For the Years Ended March 31, 

2012 
 2011 
 2010 
 2009 
 2008 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 (155,157 
 (24,805 
 6,226 
 (18,400 
 (34,053 
 
 Investing activities 
 6,704 
 1,194 
 1,194 
 1,273 
 (17,857 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 (148,453 
 (23,611 
 7,420 
 (17,127 
 (51,910 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 
 194,033 
 217,644 
 210,224 
 227,351 
 279,261 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 45,580 
 194,033 
 217,644 
 210,224 
 227,351 

Low Income Housing Tax Credits per Partnership Unit were as follows
for the years ended December 31: 

2011 
 2010 
 2009 
 2008 
 2007 

Federal 
 100 
 100 
 100 
 100 
 106 
 
 State 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 100 
 100 
 100 
 100 
 106 

20 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

Forward Looking Statements 

With the exception of the discussion regarding
historical information, this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
and other discussions elsewhere in this Form 10-K contain forward looking statements. Such statements are based on current expectations
subject to uncertainties and other factors which may involve known and unknown risks that could cause actual results of operations
to differ materially from those projected or implied. Further, certain forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions about
future events which may not prove to be accurate. 

Risks and uncertainties inherent in forward
looking statements include, but are not limited to, the Partnership s future cash flows and ability to obtain sufficient
financing, level of operating expenses, conditions in the Low Income Housing Tax Credits property market and the economy in general,
changes in law rules and regulations, and legal proceedings. Historical results are not necessarily indicative of the operating
results for any future period. 

Subsequent written and oral forward looking
statements attributable to the Partnership or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by cautionary
statements in this Form 10-K and in other reports filed with the SEC. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with
the financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this filing. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Certain
Risks and Uncertainties 

The Partnership believes that the following
discussion addresses the Partnership s most significant accounting policies, which are the most critical to aid in fully
understanding and evaluating the Partnership s reported financial results, and certain of the Partnership s risks and
uncertainties. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. 

Method of Accounting for Investments in
Local Limited Partnerships 

The Partnership accounts for its investments
in Local Limited Partnerships using the equity method of accounting, whereby the Partnership adjusts its investment balance for
its share of the Local Limited Partnerships results of operations and for any contributions made and distributions received.
The Partnership reviews the carrying amount of an individual investment in a Local Limited Partnership for possible impairment
at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such investment may not be
recoverable. Recoverability of such investment is measured by the estimated value derived by management, generally consisting of
the product of the remaining future Low Income Housing Tax Credits estimated to be allocable to the Partnership and any estimated
residual value to the Partnership. If an investment is considered to be impaired, the Partnership reduces the carrying value of
its investment in any such Local Limited Partnership. The accounting policies of the Local Limited Partnerships, generally, are
expected to be consistent with those of the Partnership. Costs incurred by the Partnership in acquiring the investments are capitalized
as part of the investment account and were being amortized over 30 years (See Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements). 

Equity in losses of
Local Limited Partnerships for each year ended March 31 has been recorded by the Partnership based on the twelve
months of reported results provided by the Local Limited Partnerships for each year ended December 31. Equity in losses from
the Local Limited Partnerships allocated to the Partnership is not recognized to the extent that the investment balance would
be adjusted below zero. If the Local Limited Partnerships report net income in future years, the Partnership will resume
applying the equity method only after its share of such net income equals the share of net losses not recognized during the
period(s) the equity method was suspended. 

21 

Distributions received from the Local Limited
Partnerships are accounted for as a reduction of the investment balance. Distributions received after the investment has reached
zero are recognized as distribution income. 

In accordance with the accounting guidance
for the consolidation of variable interest entities, the Partnership determines when it should include the assets, liabilities,
and activities of a variable interest entity (VIE) in its financial statements, and when it should disclose information about its
relationship with a VIE. The analysis that must be performed to determine which entity should consolidate a VIE focuses on control
and economic factors. A VIE is a legal structure used to conduct activities or hold assets, which must be consolidated by a company
if it is the primary beneficiary because it has (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact
the VIE s economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits that could potentially be significant
to the VIE. If multiple unrelated parties share such power, as defined, no party will be required to consolidate the VIE. Further,
the guidance requires continual reconsideration of the primary beneficiary of a VIE. 

Based on this guidance, the Local Limited Partnerships
in which the Partnership invests meet the definition of a VIE because the owners of the equity at risk in these entities do not
have the power to direct their operations. However, management does not consolidate the Partnership s interests in these VIEs,
as it is not considered to be the primary beneficiary since it does not have the power to direct the activities that are considered
most significant to the economic performance of these entities. The Partnership currently records the amount of its investment
in these Local Limited Partnerships as an asset on its balance sheets, recognizes its share of partnership income or losses in
the statements of operations, and discloses how it accounts for material types of these investments in its financial statements.
The Partnership s balance in investment in Local Limited Partnerships, plus the risk of recapture of tax credits previously recognized
on these investments, represents its maximum exposure to loss. The Partnership s exposure to loss on these Local Limited Partnerships
is mitigated by the condition and financial performance of the underlying Housing Complexes as well as the strength of the Local
General Partners and their guarantee against credit recapture to the investors in the Partnership. 

Income Taxes 

The Partnership has elected to be treated as
a pass-through entity for income tax purposes and, as such, is not subject to income taxes. Rather, all items of taxable income,
deductions and tax credits are passed through to and are reported by its owners on their respective income tax returns. The Partnership s
federal tax status as a pass-through entity is based on its legal status as a partnership. Accordingly, the Partnership is not
required to take any tax positions in order to qualify as a pass-through entity. The Partnership is required to file and does file
tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities. Accordingly, these financial statements do not reflect
a provision for income taxes and the Partnership has no other tax positions which must be considered for disclosure. 

Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In September 2006, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued accounting guidance for Fair Value Measurements, which defines fair value, establishes a framework
for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about fair value measurements. This guidance is effective for financial statements
issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007 and shall be applied prospectively except for very limited transactions.
In February 2008, the FASB delayed for one year implementation of the guidance as it pertains to certain non-financial assets and
liabilities. The Partnership adopted Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) for Fair Value Measurements effective April
1, 2008, except as it applies to those non-financial assets and liabilities, for which the effective date was April 1, 2009. The
Partnership has determined that adoption of this guidance has no material impact on the Partnership s financial statements. 

In November 2008, the FASB issued accounting
guidance on Equity Method Investment Accounting Considerations that addresses how the initial carrying value of an equity method
investment should be determined, how an impairment assessment of an underlying indefinite-lived intangible asset of an equity method
investment should be performed, how an equity method investee s issuance of shares should be accounted for, and how to account
for a change in an investment from the equity method to the cost method. This guidance is effective in fiscal years beginning on
or after December 15, 2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Partnership adopted the guidance for the interim
quarterly period beginning April 1, 2009. The impact of adopting it did not have a material impact on the Partnership s financial
condition or results of operations. 

22 

In April 2009, the FASB issued accounting guidance
for Interim Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments. This requires disclosure about the method and significant assumptions
used to establish the fair value of financial instruments for interim reporting periods as well as annual statements. It became
effective for as of and for the interim period ended June 30, 2009 and had no impact on the Partnership s financial condition
or results of operations. 

In May 2009, the FASB issued guidance regarding
subsequent events, which was subsequently updated in February 2011. This guidance established general standards of accounting for
and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or are available to
be issued. In particular, this guidance sets forth the period after the balance sheet date during which management of a reporting
entity should evaluate events or transactions that may occur for potential recognition or disclosure in the financial statements,
the circumstances under which an entity should recognize events or transactions occurring after the balance sheet date in its financial
statements, and the disclosures that an entity should make about events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date.
This guidance was effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years and interim periods ending after June 15, 2009, and
was therefore adopted by the Partnership for the quarter ended June 30, 2009. The adoption did not have a significant impact on
the subsequent events that the Partnership reports, either through recognition or disclosure, in the financial statements. In February
2010, the FASB amended its guidance on subsequent events to remove the requirement to disclose the date through which an entity
has evaluated subsequent events, alleviating conflicts with current SEC guidance. This amendment was effective immediately and
therefore the Company did not include the disclosure in this Form 10-K. 

In June 2009, the FASB issued
an amendment to the accounting and disclosure requirements for the consolidation of variable interest entities (VIEs). The
amended guidance modifies the consolidation model to one based on control and economics, and replaces the current
quantitative primary beneficiary analysis with a qualitative analysis. The primary beneficiary of a VIE will be the entity
that has (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic
performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. If
multiple unrelated parties share such power, as defined, no party will be required to consolidate the VIE. Further, the
amended guidance requires continual reconsideration of the primary beneficiary of a VIE and adds an additional
reconsideration event for determination of whether an entity is a VIE. Additionally, the amendment requires enhanced and
expanded disclosures around VIEs. This amendment is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2009. The
adoption of this guidance on April 1, 2010 did not have a material effect on the Partnership s
financial statements. 

In June 2009, the FASB issued the Accounting
Standards Codification (Codification). Effective July 1, 2009, the Codification is the single source of authoritative accounting
principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by non-governmental entities in the preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP. The Codification is intended to reorganize, rather than change, existing GAAP. Accordingly, all references to currently
existing GAAP have been removed and have been replaced with plain English explanations of the Partnership s accounting policies.
The adoption of the Codification did not have a material impact on the Partnership s financial position or results of operations. 

Certain Risks and Uncertainties 

See Item 1A for a discussion of risks regarding
the Partnership. 

To date, certain Local Limited Partnerships
have incurred significant operating losses and have working capital deficiencies. In the event these Local Limited Partnerships
continue to incur significant operating losses, additional capital contributions by the Partnership and/or the Local General Partners
may be required to sustain the operations of such Local Limited Partnerships. If additional capital contributions are not made
when they are required, the Partnership s investment in certain of such Local Limited Partnerships could be lost, and the
loss and recapture of the related Low Income Housing Tax Credits could occur. 

23 

Anticipated future and existing cash resources
of the Partnership are not sufficient to pay existing liabilities of the Partnership. However, substantially all of the existing
liabilities of the Partnership are payable to the General Partner and/or its affiliates. Though the amounts payable to the General
Partner and/or its affiliates are contractually currently payable, the Partnership anticipates that the General Partner and/or
its affiliates will not require the payment of these contractual obligations until capital reserves are in excess of the aggregate
of then existing contractual obligations and then anticipated future foreseeable obligations of the Partnership. The Partnership
would be adversely affected should the General Partner and/or its affiliates demand current payment of the existing contractual
obligations and or suspend services for this or any other reason. 

Financial Condition 

For the year ended March 31, 2012 

The Partnership s assets at March 31,
2012 consisted of 46,000 in cash and cash equivalents and aggregate investments in 13 Local Limited Partnerships of 1,248,000
(see Method of Accounting for Investments in Local Limited Partnerships ). Liabilities at March 31, 2012 consisted
of 1,136,000 of accrued fees and expenses due to General Partner and affiliates (see Future Contractual Cash Obligations 
below) and payables to Local Limited Partnerships of 40,000. 

Results of Operations 

Year Ended March 31, 2012
Compared to Year Ended March 31, 2011 The Partnership s net loss for the year ended March 31, 2012 was (1,821,000),
reflecting an increase of (190,000) from the net loss experienced for the year ended March 31, 2011 of (1,631,000). There
was an increase of (98,000) in impairment loss for the year ended March 31, 2012 compared to the year ended March 31, 2011.
The impairment loss can vary each year depending on the annual decrease in Low Income Housing Tax Credits allocated to the
Partnership compared to the current net investment balance that is being carried for the particular Local Limited
Partnerships. The amortization decreased by 3,000 for the year ended March 31, 2012. The Partnership
evaluates its intangibles for impairment in connection with its investments in Local Limited Partnerships. As impairment is
recorded against the intangibles, the amortization expense for future periods is decreased. During the first quarter of the
year ended March 31, 2012, the Partnership recorded impairment on the intangibles of approximately 59,000 thereby reducing
the amortization expense recorded for the subsequent quarters. Reporting fees increased by 18,000 for the year ended
March 31, 2012. Local Limited Partnerships pay the reporting fees to the Partnership when the Local Limited
Partnerships cash flow will allow for the payment. There was also a (53,000) increase of equity in losses of Local
Limited Partnerships for the year ended March 31, 2012. The equity in losses can vary from year to year depending on the
operations of the underlying Housing Complexes of the Local Limited Partnerships. Legal and accounting expenses increased by
 (35,000) for the year ended March 31, 2012 due to the timing of the accounting work performed. 

Year Ended March 31, 2011 Compared to Year
Ended March 31, 2010 The Partnership s net loss for the year ended March 31, 2011 was (1,631,000), reflecting an increase
of (87,000) from the net loss experienced for the year ended March 31, 2010 of (1,544,000). There was an increase of (139,000)
in impairment loss for the year ended March 31, 2011 compared to the year ended March 31, 2010. The impairment loss can vary each
year depending on the annual decrease in Low Income Housing Tax Credits allocated to the Partnership compared to the current net
investment balance that is being carried for the particular Local Limited Partnerships. The amortization decreased by 4,000. The
 Partnership evaluates its intangibles for impairment in connection with its investments in Local Limited
Partnerships. As impairment is recorded against the intangibles, the amortization expense for future periods is decreased. During
the first quarter of the year ended March 31, 2011, the Partnership recorded impairment on the intangibles of approximately 118,000
thereby reducing the amortization expense recorded for the subsequent quarters. Reporting fees decreased by (9,000) for
the year ended March 31, 2011. Local Limited Partnerships pay the reporting fees to the Partnership when the Local Limited Partnerships 
cash flow will allow for the payment. There was also a 108,000 decrease of equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships. The
equity in losses can vary from year to year depending on the operations of the underlying Housing Complexes of the Local Limited
Partnerships. Legal and accounting expenses increased by (52,000), due to the timing of the accounting work performed. 

24 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

Year Ended March 31, 2012 Compared to Year
Ended March 31, 2011 The net decrease in cash and cash equivalents during the year ended March 31, 2012 was (148,000) compared
to a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents for the year ended March 31, 2011 of (24,000). During the year ended March 31,
2012, the Partnership reimbursed the General Partner or an affiliate 95,000 for operating expenses paid on its behalf compared
to 11,000 reimbursed during the year ended March 31, 2011. The reimbursements of operating expenses are paid after management
reviews the cash position of the Partnership. The Partnership also collected 18,000 more in reporting fees for the year ended
March 31, 2012 compared to the year ended March 31, 2011 as discussed above. The Partnership paid accounting fees of (65,000)
directly to the vendor during the year ended March 31, 2012 compared to no such payments during the year ended March 31, 2011. 

Year Ended March 31, 2011 Compared to Year
Ended March 31, 2010 The net decrease in cash and cash equivalents during the year ended March 31, 2011 was (24,000) compared
to a net increase in cash and cash equivalents for the year ended March 31, 2010 of 7,000. The Partnership paid accrued asset
management fees of 25,000 during the year ended March 31, 2011 compared to 13,000 paid during the year ended March 31, 2010.
During the year ended March 31, 2011, the Partnership reimbursed the General Partner or an affiliate 11,000 for operating expenses
paid on its behalf compared to 2,000 reimbursed during the year ended March 31, 2010. The accrued asset management fees and reimbursements
of operating expenses are paid after management reviews the cash position of the Partnership. The Partnership also collected (9,000)
less in reporting fees for the year ended March 31, 2011 compared to the year ended March 31, 2010. Local Limited Partnerships
pay the reporting fees to the Partnership when the Local Limited Partnerships cash flow will allow for the payment. 

Future
Contractual Cash Obligations 

The following table summarizes the Partnership s
future contractual cash obligations as of March 31, 2012: 

2013 
 2014 
 2015 
 2016 
 2017 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

Asset management fees (1) 
 1,279,020 
 143,000 
 143,000 
 143,000 
 143,000 
 6,435,000 
 8,286,020 
 
 Total contractual cash obligations 
 1,279,020 
 143,000 
 143,000 
 143,000 
 143,000 
 6,435,000 
 8,286,020 

(1) Asset management fees are payable annually until termination
of the Partnership, which is to occur no later than December 31, 2062. The estimate of the fees payable included herein assumes
the retention of the Partnership s interest in all Housing Complexes until December 31, 2062. Amounts due to the General
Partner as of March 31, 2012 have been included in the 2013 column. The General Partner does not anticipate that these fees will
be paid until such time as capital reserves are in excess of the aggregate of the existing contractual obligations and the anticipated
future foreseeable obligations of the Partnership. 

For additional
information regarding our asset management fees, see Note 3 to the financial statements included elsewhere herein. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Partnership
has no off-balance sheet arrangements . 

Exit Strategy 

See Item
1 for information in this regard . 

Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See
footnote 1 to the audited financial statements . 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
Above Market Risk 

NOT APPLICABLE 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Date 

25 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Partners 

 WNC
Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 9 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 9 (a California Limited Partnership)
(the Partnership) as of March 31, 2012 and 2011, and the related statements of operations, partners equity (deficit) and cash
flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2012. The Partnership s management is responsible for these
financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We did not
audit the financial statements of certain Local Limited Partnerships which investments represent 420,307 and 746,029 of the
total Partnership assets as of March 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively and (135,646), (125,670) and (126,814) of the total Partnership
loss for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Those statements were audited by other auditors, whose reports
have been furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as it relates to those Local Limited Partnerships, is based solely on the
reports of the other auditors. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The Partnership is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control
over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly,
we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits and the reports of
other auditors provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In
our opinion, based on our audits and the reports of other auditors, the financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P.,
Series 9 (a California Limited Partnership) as of March 31, 2012 and 2011, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2012, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Our
audits were conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic financial statements taken as a whole. The schedules
listed under Item 15(a)(2) in the index related to years above are presented for the purpose of complying with the Securities
and Exchange Commission s rules and are not part of the basic financial statements. These schedules have been subjected
to the auditing procedures applied to the audits of the basic financial statements and, in our opinion, fairly state in
all material respects the financial statement data required to be set forth therein in relation to the basic financial statements
taken as a whole. 

/s/
Reznick Group, P.C. 

Bethesda,
Maryland 
 
 June
20, 2012 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Partners 

 Parker
Estates, L.P. 

 Sunflower,
Mississippi 

and 

USDA
Rural Development Servicing Office 

 Greenville, Mississippi 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Parker Estates, LP., RHS Project No. 28-067-932631102, as of December 31, 2011
and 2010 and the related statements of operations, changes in partners equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended.
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the Standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
Parker Estates, L.P. as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 and the results of its operations, changes in partners equity
and cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

In
accordance with Government Auditing Standards, we have also issued our report dated February 9, 2012 on our consideration
of Parker Estates, L.P. s internal control over financial reporting and on our tests of its compliance with certain provisions
of laws, regulations, contracts, and grant agreements and other matters. The purpose of that
report is to describe the scope of our testing of internal control over financial reporting and compliance and the results
of that testing, and not to provide an opinion on the internal control over financial reporting or on compliance. That report
is an integral part of an audit performed in accordance with Government Auditing Standards and should be read in
conjunction with this report in considering the results of our audit. 

/s/ Pailet, Meunier
and LeBlanc, L.L.P. 

Metairie, Louisiana 
 
 February
9, 2012 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Partners 

 PARKER ESTATES, L.P. 

 Sunflower, Mississippi 

and 

USDA
Rural Development Servicing Office 

 Greenville, Mississippi 

We
have audited (he accompanying balance sheets of PARKER ESTATES, L.P., RHS Project No 28-067-932631102, as of December 31, 2010
and 2009, and the related statements of operations, changes in partners equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended.
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these financial statements based on our audits, 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the Standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing (he accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe (hat our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

In
our opinion, (he financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of PARKER
ESTATES, L.P. as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 and the results of its operations, changes in partners equity and cash flows for
(he years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United Stales of America. 

In
accordance with Government Auditing Standards, we have also issued a report dated January 27,2011 on our consideration
of PARKER ESTATES, L.P. s internal control over financial reporting and our tests of its compliance with certain provisions of
laws, regulations, contracts, and grant agreements and other matters. The purpose of that report is to describe the scope of our
testing of internal control over financial reporting and compliance and the results of (hat testing, and not to provide an opinion
on (he internal control over financial reporting or on compliance. That report is an integral part of an audit performed in accordance
with Government Auditing Standards and should be read in conjunction with this report in considering the results of our
audit. 

/s/ Pailet, Meunier
and LeBlanc, L.L.P. 

Metairie, Louisiana 
 
 January 27, 2011 

F- 3 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Partners 

 PARKER ESTATES, L.P. 

 Sunflower, Mississippi 

and 

USDA
Rural Development Servicing Office 

 Greenville, Mississippi 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of PARKER ESTATES, L.P., RHS Project No 28-067-932631102, as of December 31, 2009
and 2008, and the related statements of operations, changes in partners equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended.
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility is lo express an opinion
on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the Standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of PARKER
ESTATES, L.P. as of December 31,2009 and 2008 and the results of its operations, changes in partners equity and cash flows for
the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

In
accordance with Government Auditing Standards, we have also issued a report dated January 18, 2010 on our consideration
of PARKER ESTATES, L.P. s internal control over financial reporting and our tests of its compliance with certain provisions
of laws, regulations, contracts, and grant agreements and other matters. The purpose of that report is to describe the scope of
our testing of internal control over financial reporting and compliance and the results of that testing, and not to provide an
opinion on the internal control over financial reporting or on compliance. That report is an integral part of an audit performed
in accordance with Government Auditing and should be read in conjunction with this report in considering the results of
our audit. 

/s/ Pailet, Meunier
and LeBlanc, L.L.P. 

Metairie, Louisiana 
 
 January
18, 2010 

F- 4 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Partners 

 Byhalia Estates, L.P. 

 Byhalia, Mississippi 

and 

USDA
Rural Development Servicing Office 

 Batesville, Mississippi 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Byhalia Estates, LP., RHS Project No. 28-047-636224992, as of December 31, 2011
and 2010 and the related statements of operations, changes in partners equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended.
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the Standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Byhalia Estates, LP. as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 and the results of its operations, changes in partners 
equity and cash flows for the years then ended In conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

In
accordance with Government Auditing Standards, we have also issued a report dated February 9, 2012 on
our consideration of Byhalia Estates, LP. s internal control over financial reporting and our tests of its compliance with
certain provisions of laws, regulations, contracts, and grant agreements and other matters. The purpose of that
report is to describe the scope of our testing of internal control over financial reporting and compliance and the results
of that testing, and not to provide an opinion on the internal control over financial reporting or on compliance. That
report is an integral part of an audit performed in accordance with Government Auditing Standards and should be
read in conjunction with this report in considering the results of our audit. 

/s/ Pailet, Meunier
and LeBlanc, L.L.P. 

Metairie, Louisiana 
 
 February 9, 2012 

F- 5 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Partners 

 Byhalia
Estates, L.P. 

 Byhalia, Mississippi 

and 

USDA
Rural Development Servicing Office 

 Batesville, Mississippi 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Byhalia Estates, L.P., RHS Project No 28-047 : 63 6224992, as of December
31,2010 and 2009, and the related statements of operations, changes in partners equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the Standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Byhalia
Estates, L.P. as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 and the results of its operations, changes in partners equity and cash flows for
the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

In
accordance with Government Auditing Standards, we have also issued a report dated January 27,2011 on our consideration
of Byhalia Estates, L.P. s internal control over financial reporting and our tests of its compliance with certain provisions of
laws, regulations, contracts, and grant agreements and other matters. The purpose of that report is to describe the scope of
our testing of internal control over financial reporting and compliance and the results of that testing, and not to provide an
opinion on the internal control over financial reporting or on compliance. That report is an integral part of an audit performed
in accordance with Government Auditing Standards and should be read in conjunction with this report in considering the
results of our audit. 

/s/ Pailet, Meunier
and LeBlanc, L.L.P. 

Metairie, Louisiana 
 
 January 27, 2011 

F- 6 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Partners 

 Byhalia
Estates, L.P. 

 Byhalia, Mississippi 

and 

USDA
Rural Development Servicing Office 

 Batesville, Mississippi 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Byhalia Estates, LP., RHS Project No 28-047-636224992, as of December 31,2009
and 2008, and the related statements of operations, changes in partners equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended.
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the Standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Byhalia
Estates, L.P. as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 and the results of its operations, changes in partners equity and cash flows for
the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

In
accordance with Government Auditing Standards, we have also issued a report dated January 18,2010 on our consideration
of Byhalia Estates, L.P. s internal control over financial reporting and our tests of its compliance with certain provisions of
laws, regulations, contracts, and grant agreements and other matters. The purpose of that report is to describe the scope of our
testing of internal control over financial reporting and compliance and the results of that testing, and not to provide an opinion
on (he internal control over financial reporting or on compliance. That report is an integral part of an audit performed in accordance
with Government Auditing Standards and should be read in conjunction with this report in considering the results of our
audit. 

/s/ Pailet, Meunier
and LeBlanc, L.L.P. 

Metairie, Louisiana 
 
 January 18, 2010 

F- 7 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Partners 

 Harbor Pointe, L.P. 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Harbor Pointe, LP., as of December 31, 2011 and the related statements of
operations, changes in partners capital and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audit. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards of the Public Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. The partnership has determined that
it is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis
for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly,
we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Harbor
Pointe, L.P. as of December 31, 2011 and the results of its operations, changes in partners capital and cash flows for the year
then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ Pailet, Meunier
and LeBlanc, L.L.P. 

Metairie, Louisiana 
 
 February 27, 2012 

F- 8 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Partners 

 Harbor Pointe, L.P. 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Harbor Pointe, L.P., as of December 31,2010 and the related statements of operations,
changes in partners capital and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards of the Public Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The partnership has determined that it is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a
basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Harbor
Pointe, L.P. as of December 31,2010 and the results of its operations, changes in partners capital and cash flows for the year
then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ Pailet, Meunier
and LeBlanc, L.L.P. 

Metairie, Louisiana 
 
 February 16, 2011 

F- 9 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Partners 

 Harbor Pointe, L.P. 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Harbor Pointe, L.P., as of December 31, 2009 and the related statements of operations,
changes in partners capital and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards of the Public Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements arc free of material
misstatement. The partnership has determined that it is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a
basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Harbor
Pointe, L.P., as of December 31,2009 and the results of its operations, changes in partners capital and cash flows for the year
then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ Pailet, Meunier
and LeBlanc, L.L.P. 

Metairie, Louisiana 
 
 March 2, 2010 

F- 10 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited
Partnership) (Audited) 

BALANCE SHEETS 

March 31, 

2012 
 2011 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 45,580 
 194,033 
 
 Investments in Local Limited Partnerships, net (Notes 2 and 3) 
 1,248,395 
 2,844,594 

Total Assets 
 1,293,975 
 3,038,627 

LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Liabilities: 

Payables to Local Limited Partnerships (Note 5) 
 40,282 
 40,282 
 
 Accrued fees and expenses due to General Partner and affiliates (Note 3) 
 1,136,020 
 1,059,723 

Total Liabilities 
 1,176,302 
 1,100,005 

Partners Equity (Deficit) 

General Partner 
 (13,905 
 (12,084 
 
 Limited Partners (25,000 Partnership Units authorized; 15,325 Partnership Units issued and outstanding) 
 131,578 
 1,950,706 

Total Partners Equity (Deficit) 
 117,673 
 1,938,622 

Total Liabilities and Partners Equity (Deficit) 
 1,293,975 
 3,038,627 

See accompanying
notes to financial statements 

F- 11 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited Partnership) 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Audited) 

For the Years Ended March 31, 

2012 
 2011 
 2010 

Reporting fees 
 29,708 
 11,342 
 20,507 
 
 Operating expenses and loss: 

Amortization (Notes 2 and 3) 
 2,024 
 5,249 
 9,483 
 
 Asset management fees (Note 3) 
 143,000 
 143,000 
 143,000 
 
 Impairment loss (Note 2) 
 1,113,185 
 1,015,218 
 876,565 
 
 Accounting and legal fees 
 89,594 
 54,986 
 3,260 
 
 Other 
 28,592 
 3,616 
 4,167 

Total operating expenses and loss 
 1,376,395 
 1,222,069 
 1,036,475 

Loss from operations 
 (1,346,687 
 (1,210,727 
 (1,015,968 

Equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships (Note 2) 
 (474,286 
 (420,897 
 (528,759 

Interest income 
 24 
 234 
 244 

Net loss 
 (1,820,949 
 (1,631,390 
 (1,544,483 

Net loss allocated to: 

General Partner 
 (1,821 
 (1,631 
 (1,544 
 
 Limited Partners 
 (1,819,128 
 (1,629,759 
 (1,542,939 

Net loss per Partnership Unit 
 (118.70 
 (106.35 
 (100.68 

Outstanding weighted Partnership Units 
 15,325 
 15,325 
 15,325 

See accompanying
notes to financial statements 

F- 12 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited Partnership) 

STATEMENTS OF PARTNERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) (Audited) 

For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011
and 2010 

General Partner 
 Limited Partners 
 Total 

Partners equity (deficit) at March 31, 2009 
 (8,909 
 5,123,404 
 5,114,495 

Net loss 
 (1,544 
 (1,542,939 
 (1,544,483 

Partners equity (deficit) at March 31, 2010 
 (10,453 
 3,580,465 
 3,570,012 

Netloss 
 (1,631 
 (1,629,759 
 (1,631,390 

Partners equity (deficit) at March 31, 2011 
 (12,084 
 1,950,706 
 1,938,622 

Net loss 
 (1,821 
 (1,819,128 
 (1,820,949 

Partners equity (deficit) at March 31, 2012 
 (13,905 
 131,578 
 117,673 

See accompanying
notes to financial statements 

F- 13 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited Partnership) 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Audited) 

For The Years Ended March 31, 

2012 
 2011 
 2010 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 
 (1,820,949 
 (1,631,390 
 (1,544,483 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Amortization 
 2,024 
 5,249 
 9,483 
 
 Impairment loss 
 1,113,185 
 1,015,218 
 876,565 
 
 Equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships 
 474,286 
 420,897 
 528,759 
 
 Increase in accrued fees and expenses due to General Partner and affiliates 
 76,297 
 165,221 
 135,902 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 (155,157 
 (24,805 
 6,226 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Distributions received from Local Limited Partnerships 
 6,704 
 1,194 
 1,194 

Net cash provided by investing activities 
 6,704 
 1,194 
 1,194 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (148,453 
 (23,611 
 7,420 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
 194,033 
 217,644 
 210,224 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 45,580 
 194,033 
 217,644 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Taxes paid 
 800 
 800 
 800 

See accompanying
notes to financial statements 

F- 14 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011
and 2010 

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Organization 

WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series
9 (the Partnership is a California Limited Partnership formed under the laws of the State of California on July
17, 2001, and commenced operations on August 3, 2001. The Partnership was formed to acquire limited partnership interests in other
limited partnerships Local Limited Partnerships which own multi-family housing complexes Housing Complexes that are eligible for Federal low income housing tax credits Low Income Housing Tax Credits ). The local general
partners (the Local General Partners of each Local Limited Partnership retain responsibility for maintaining, operating
and managing the Housing Complex. Each Local Limited Partnership is governed by its agreement of limited partnership (the Local
Limited Partnership Agreement ). 

The general partner of the Partnership is WNC
 Associates, Inc. Associates or the General Partner ). The chairman and the president of Associates
owns all of the outstanding stock of Associates. The business of the Partnership is conducted primarily through the General Partner,
as the Partnership has no employees of its own. 

The Partnership
shall continue in full force and effect until December 31, 2062 unless terminated prior to that date pursuant to the partnership
agreement or law. 

The financial statements
include only activity relating to the business of the Partnership, and do not give effect to any assets that the partners may have
outside of their interests in the Partnership, or to any obligations, including income taxes, of the partners. 

The partnership agreement authorized the sale
of up to 25,000 units of limited partnership interest Partnership Units at 1,000 per Partnership Unit. The offering
of Partnership Units has concluded, with 15,325 Partnership Units representing subscriptions in the amount of 15,316,125, net
of dealer discounts of 7,350 and volume discounts of 1,525, being accepted. The General Partner has a 0.1 interest in operating
profits and losses, taxable income and losses, cash available for distribution from the Partnership and Low Income Housing Tax
Credits of the Partnership. The investors (the Limited Partners in the Partnership will be allocated the remaining
99.9 of these items in proportion to their respective investments. 

The
proceeds from the disposition of any of the Housing Complexes will be used first to pay debts and other obligations per the respective
Local Limited Partnership Agreement. Any remaining proceeds will then be paid to the partners of the Local Limited Partnership,
including the Partnership, in accordance with the terms of the particular Local Limited Partnership Agreement. The sale
of a Housing Complex may be subject to other restrictions and obligations. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a Local
Limited Partnership will be able to sell its Housing Complex. Even if it does so, there can be no assurance that any significant
amounts of cash will be distributed to the Partnership. Should such distributions occur, the Limited
Partners will be entitled to receive distributions from the proceeds remaining after payment of Partnership obligations and funding
reserves, equal to their capital contributions and their return on investment (as defined in the Partnership Agreement). The General
Partner would then be entitled to receive proceeds equal to its capital contributions from the remainder. Any additional sale or
refinancing proceeds will be distributed 90 to the Limited Partners (in proportion to their respective investments) and 10 to
the General Partner. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

An investment in the Partnership and the Partnership s
investments in Local Limited Partnerships and their Housing Complexes are subject to risks. These risks may impact the tax benefits
of an investment in the Partnership, and the amount of proceeds available for distribution to the Limited Partners, if any, on
liquidation of the Partnership s investments. Some of those risks include the following: 

F- 15 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011
and 2010 

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, continued 

The Low Income Housing Tax Credits rules are
extremely complicated. Noncompliance with these rules results in the loss of future Low Income Housing Tax Credits and the fractional
recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits already taken. In most cases the annual amount of Low Income Housing Tax Credits that
an individual can use is limited to the tax liability due on the person s last 25,000 of taxable income. The Local Limited
Partnerships may be unable to sell the Housing Complexes at a price which would result in the Partnership realizing cash distributions
or proceeds from the transaction. Accordingly, the Partnership may be unable to distribute any cash to its Limited Partners. Low
Income Housing Tax Credits may be the only benefit from an investment in the Partnership. 

The Partnership has invested in a limited number
of Local Limited Partnerships. Such limited diversity means that the results of operation of each single Housing Complex will have
a greater impact on the Partnership. With limited diversity, poor performance of one Housing Complex could impair the Partnership s
ability to satisfy its investment objectives. Each Housing Complex is subject to mortgage indebtedness. If a Local Limited Partnership
failed to pay its mortgage, it could lose its Housing Complex in foreclosure. If foreclosure were to occur during the first 15
years (the Compliance Period ), the loss of any remaining future Low Income Housing Tax Credits, a fractional recapture
of prior Low Income Housing Tax Credits, and a loss of the Partnership s investment in the Housing Complex would occur. The
Partnership is a limited partner or non-managing member of each Local Limited Partnership. Accordingly, the Partnership will have
very limited rights with respect to management of the Local Limited Partnerships. The Partnership will rely totally on the Local
General Partners. Neither the Partnership s investments in Local Limited Partnerships, nor the Local Limited Partnerships 
investments in Housing Complexes, are readily marketable. To the extent the Housing Complexes receive government financing or operating
subsidies, they may be subject to one or more of the following risks: difficulties in obtaining tenants for the Housing Complexes;
difficulties in obtaining rent increases; limitations on cash distributions; limitations on sales or refinancing of Housing Complexes;
limitations on transfers of interests in Local Limited Partnerships; limitations on removal of Local General Partners; limitations
on subsidy programs; and possible changes in applicable regulations. Uninsured casualties could result in loss of property and
Low Income Housing Tax Credits and recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits previously taken. The value of real estate is subject
to risks from fluctuating economic conditions, including employment rates, inflation, tax, environmental, land use and zoning policies,
supply and demand of similar properties, and neighborhood conditions, among others. 

The ability of Limited Partners to claim tax
losses from the Partnership is limited. The IRS may audit the Partnership or a Local Limited Partnership and challenge the tax
treatment of tax items. The amount of Low Income Housing Tax Credits and tax losses allocable to the Limited Partners could be
reduced if the IRS were successful in such a challenge. The alternative minimum tax could reduce tax benefits from an investment
in the Partnership. Changes in tax laws could also impact the tax benefits from an investment in the Partnership and/or the value
of the Housing Complexes. 

The Partnership currently
has insufficient working capital to fund its operations. Associates have agreed to continue providing advances sufficient enough
to fund the operations and working capital requirements of the Partnership through June 30, 2013. 

No trading market for the Partnership Units
exists or is expected to develop. Limited Partners may be unable to sell their Partnership Units except at a discount and should
consider their Partnership Units to be a long-term investment. Individual Limited Partners will have no recourse if they disagree
with actions authorized by a vote of the majority of Limited Partners. 

Exit Strategy 

The Compliance Period for a Housing Complex
is generally 15 years following construction or rehabilitation completion. Associates was one of the first in the industry to offer
syndicated investments in Low Income Housing tax credits. The initial programs have
completed their Compliance Periods. 

F- 16 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011
and 2010 

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, continued 

Upon the sale of a Local Limited Partnership
Interest or Housing Complex after the end of the Compliance Period, there would be no recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits.
A sale prior to the end of the Compliance Period could result in recapture if certain conditions are not met. 

With that in mind, the General Partner is continuing
its review of the Housing Complexes. The review considers many factors, including extended use requirements (such as those due
to mortgage restrictions or state compliance agreements), the condition of the Housing Complexes, and the tax consequences to the
Limited Partners from the sale of the Housing Complexes. 

Upon identifying those Housing Complexes with
the highest potential for a successful sale, refinancing or re-syndication, the Partnership expects to proceed with efforts to
liquidate them. The objective is to wind down the Partnership as Low Income Housing Tax Credits are no longer available. Local
Limited Partnership Interests may be disposed of any time by the General Partner in its discretion. While liquidation of the Housing
Complexes continues to be evaluated, the dissolution of the Partnership was not imminent as of March 31, 2012. 

The proceeds from
the disposition of any of the Housing Complexes will be used first to pay debts and other obligations per the respective Local
Limited Partnership Agreement. Any remaining proceeds will then be paid to the partners of the Local Limited Partnership, including
the Partnership, in accordance with the terms of the particular Local Limited Partnership Agreement. The sale of a Housing Complex
may be subject to other restrictions and obligations. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a Local Limited Partnership will
be able to sell its Housing Complex. Even if it does so, there can be no assurance that any significant amounts of cash will be
distributed to the Partnership, as the proceeds first would be used to pay Partnership obligations and funding of reserves. 

Method
of Accounting For Investments in Local Limited Partnerships 

The Partnership accounts for
its investments in Local Limited Partnerships using the equity method of accounting, whereby the Partnership adjusts its
investment balance for its share of the Local Limited Partnerships results of operations and for any contributions
made and distributions received. The Partnership reviews the carrying amount of an individual investment in a Local Limited
Partnership for possible impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of such investment may not be recoverable. Recoverability of such investment is measured by the estimated
value derived by management, generally consisting of the sum of the remaining future Low Income Housing Tax Credits estimated
to be allocable to the Partnership and the estimated residual value to the Partnership. If an investment is considered to be
impaired, the Partnership reduces the carrying value of its investment in any such Local Limited Partnership. The accounting
policies of the Local Limited Partnerships, generally, are expected to be consistent with those of the Partnership. Costs
incurred by the Partnership in acquiring the investments are capitalized as part of the investment account and were being
amortized over 30 years (See Notes 2 and 3). 

Equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships 
for each year ended March 31 has been recorded by the Partnership based on the twelve months of reported results provided by the
Local Limited Partnerships for each year ended December 31. Equity in losses from the Local Limited Partnerships allocated to the
Partnership is not recognized to the extent that the investment balance would be adjusted below zero. If the Local Limited Partnerships
report net income in future years, the Partnership will resume applying the equity method only after its share of such net income
equals the share of net losses not recognized during the period(s) the equity method was suspended. 

F- 17 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011
and 2010 

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, continued 

Distributions received
from the Local General Partners are accounted for as a reduction of the investment balance. Distributions received after the investment
has reached zero are recognized as distribution income. As of March 31, 2012, the investment accounts of four Local Limited Partnerships
had reached zero. 

In accordance with the accounting guidance
for the consolidation of variable interest entities, the Partnership determines when it should include the assets, liabilities,
and activities of a variable interest entity (VIE) in its financial statements, and when it should disclose information about its
relationship with a VIE. The analysis that must be performed to determine which entity should consolidate a VIE focuses on control
and economic factors. A VIE is a legal structure used to conduct activities or hold assets, which must be consolidated by a company
if it is the primary beneficiary because it has (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact
the VIE s economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits that could potentially be significant
to the VIE. If multiple unrelated parties share such power, as defined, no party will be required to consolidate the VIE. Further,
the guidance requires continual reconsideration of the primary beneficiary of a VIE. 

Based on this guidance, the Local Limited Partnerships
in which the Partnership invests meet the definition of a VIE because the owners of the equity at risk in these entities do not
have the power to direct their operations. However, management does not consolidate the Partnership s interests in these VIEs,
as it is not considered to be the primary beneficiary since it does not have the power to direct the activities that are considered
most significant to the economic performance of these entities. The Partnership currently records the amount of its investment
in these Local Limited Partnerships as an asset on its balance sheets, recognizes its share of partnership income or losses in
the statements of operations, and discloses how it accounts for material types of these investments in its financial statements.
The Partnership s balance in investment in Local Limited Partnerships, plus the risk of recapture of tax credits previously recognized
on these investments, represents its maximum exposure to loss. The Partnership s exposure to loss on these Local Limited Partnerships
is mitigated by the condition and financial performance of the underlying Housing Complexes as well as the strength of the Local
General Partners and their guarantee against credit recapture to the investors in the Partnership. 

Use
of Estimates 

The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The Partnership considers all highly liquid
investments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. As
of March 31, 2012 and 2011, the Partnership had cash equivalents of 0 and 95,738, respectively. 

Reporting Comprehensive
Income 

The Partnership had no items
of other comprehensive income for all periods presented. 

Net
Loss Per Partnership Unit 

Net loss
per Partnership Unit includes no dilution and is computed by dividing loss allocated to Limited Partners by the weighted average
Partnership Units outstanding during the period. Calculation of diluted net loss per Partnership Unit is not required. 

F- 18 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011
and 2010 

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES, continued 

Income
Taxes 

The Partnership has elected to be treated as
a pass-through entity for income tax purposes and, as such, is not subject to income taxes. Rather, all items of taxable income,
deductions and tax credits are passed through to and are reported by its owners on their respective income tax returns. The Partnership s
federal tax status as a pass-through entity is based on its legal status as a partnership. Accordingly, the Partnership is not
required to take any tax positions in order to qualify as a pass-through entity. The Partnership is required to file and does file
tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities. Accordingly, these financial statements do not reflect
a provision for income taxes and the Partnership has no other tax positions which must be considered for disclosure. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Partnership is entitled to receive reporting
fees from the Local Limited Partnerships. The intent of the reporting fees is to offset (in part) administrative costs incurred
by the Partnership in corresponding with the Local Limited Partnerships. Due to the uncertainty of the collection of these fees,
the Partnership recognizes reporting fees as collections are made. 

Amortization 

Acquisition fees
and costs were being amortized over 30 years using the straight-line method. Amortization expense for the years ended March 31,
2012, 2011 and 2010, was 2,024, 5,249, and 9,483, respectively. Future estimated amortization expense for each of the
years through March 31, 2017 is 1,381. 

Impairment 

The Partnership reviews its investments in
Local Limited Partnerships for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of such investments may not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the investment
to the sum of the total amount of the remaining Low Income Housing Tax Credits allocated to the Partnership and any estimated residual
value of the investment. As of March 31, 2009, all Local Limited Partnerships were not considered to have any residual value in
consideration of the current economic circumstances. For the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, impairment loss related
to investments in Local Limited Partnerships was 1,054,080, 896,739, and 843,357,respectively. 

The Partnership also evaluated its intangibles
for impairment in connection with its investments in Local Limited Partnerships. Impairment on the intangibles is measured by comparing
the Partnership s total investment balance after impairment of investments in Local Limited Partnerships to the sum of the
total of remaining Low Income Housing Tax Credits allocated to the Partnership and any estimated residual value of the investment.
As of March 31, 2009, all Local Limited Partnerships were not considered to have any residual value in consideration of the current
economic circumstances. During the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, an impairment loss of 59,105, 118,479, and 33,208,
respectively, was recorded against the related intangibles. 

F- 19 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011
and 2010 

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, continued 

Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In September 2006, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued accounting guidance for Fair Value Measurements, which defines fair value, establishes a framework
for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about fair value measurements. This guidance is effective for financial statements
issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007 and shall be applied prospectively except for very limited transactions.
In February 2008, the FASB delayed for one year implementation of the guidance as it pertains to certain non-financial assets and
liabilities. The Partnership adopted Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) for Fair Value Measurements effective April
1, 2008, except as it applies to those non-financial assets and liabilities, for which the effective date was April 1, 2009. The
Partnership has determined that adoption of this guidance has no material impact on the Partnership s financial statements. 

In November 2008, the FASB issued accounting
guidance on Equity Method Investment Accounting Considerations that addresses how the initial carrying value of an equity method
investment should be determined, how an impairment assessment of an underlying indefinite-lived intangible asset of an equity method
investment should be performed, how an equity method investee s issuance of shares should be accounted for, and how to account
for a change in an investment from the equity method to the cost method. This guidance is effective in fiscal years beginning on
or after December 15, 2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Partnership adopted the guidance for the interim
quarterly period beginning April 1, 2009. The impact of adopting it did not have a material impact on the Partnership s financial
condition or results of operations. 

In April 2009, the FASB issued accounting guidance
for Interim Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments. This requires disclosure about the method and significant assumptions
used to establish the fair value of financial instruments for interim reporting periods as well as annual statements. It became
effective for as of and for the interim period ended June 30, 2009 and had no impact on the Partnership s financial condition
or results of operations. 

In May 2009, the FASB issued guidance regarding
subsequent events, which was subsequently updated in February 2010. This guidance established general standards of accounting for
and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or are available to
be issued. In particular, this guidance sets forth the period after the balance sheet date during which management of a reporting
entity should evaluate events or transactions that may occur for potential recognition or disclosure in the financial statements,
the circumstances under which an entity should recognize events or transactions occurring after the balance sheet date in its financial
statements, and the disclosures that an entity should make about events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date.
This guidance was effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years and interim periods ending after June 15, 2009, and
was therefore adopted by the Partnership for the quarter ended June 30, 2009. The adoption did not have a significant impact on
the subsequent events that the Partnership reports, either through recognition or disclosure, in the financial statements. In February
2010, the FASB amended its guidance on subsequent events to remove the requirement to disclose the date through which an entity
has evaluated subsequent events, alleviating conflicts with current SEC guidance. This amendment was effective immediately and
therefore the Company did not include the disclosure in this Form 10-K. 

In June 2009, the FASB issued an amendment
to the accounting and disclosure requirements for the consolidation of variable interest entities (VIEs). The amended guidance
modifies the consolidation model to one based on control and economics, and replaces the current quantitative primary beneficiary
analysis with a qualitative analysis. The primary beneficiary of a VIE will be the entity that has (1) the power to direct the
activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses
or receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. If multiple unrelated parties share such power, as defined,
no party will be required to consolidate the VIE. Further, the amended guidance requires continual reconsideration of the primary
beneficiary of a VIE and adds an additional reconsideration event for determination of whether an entity is a VIE. Additionally, the amendment requires enhanced
and expanded disclosures around VIEs. This amendment is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2009. The adoption
of this guidance on April 1, 2010 did not have a material effect on the Partnership s financial statements. 

F- 20 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011
and 2010 

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, continued 

In June 2009, the FASB issued
the Accounting Standards Codification (Codification). Effective July 1, 2009, the Codification is the single source of authoritative
accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by non-governmental entities in the preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP. The Codification is intended to reorganize, rather than change, existing GAAP. Accordingly, all references
to currently existing GAAP have been removed and have been replaced with plain English explanations of the Partnership s
accounting policies. The adoption of the Codification did not have a material impact on the Partnership s financial position
or results of operations. 

NOTE 2 - INVESTMENTS IN LOCAL LIMITED
PARTNERSHIPS 

For all periods presented, the Partnership
owns interests in 13 Local Limited Partnerships, each of which owns one Housing Complex except for one that owns three Housing
Complexes, consisting of an aggregate of 526 apartment units. The respective Local General Partners of the Local Limited Partnerships
manage the day-to-day operations of the entities. Significant Local Limited Partnership business decisions require approval from
the Partnership. The Partnership, as a limited partner, is generally entitled to 99 , as specified in the Local Limited Partnership
Agreements, of the operating profits and losses, taxable income and losses and Low Income Housing Tax Credits of the Local Limited
Partnerships. 

The Partnership s investments in Local
Limited Partnerships as shown in the balance sheets at March 31, 2012 and 2011, are approximately 3,960,000 and 2,933,000, respectively, less
than the Partnership s equity at the preceding December 31 as shown in the Local Limited Partnerships combined condensed
financial statements presented below. This difference is primarily due to acquisition, selection, and other costs related to the
acquisition of the investments which have been capitalized in the Partnership s investment account, impairment losses recorded
in the Partnership s investment account and capital contributions payable to the Local Limited Partnerships which were netted
against partner capital in the Local Limited Partnership s financial statements. 

The Partnership reviews its investments in
Local Limited Partnerships for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of such investments may not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the investment
to the sum of the total amount of the remaining Low Income Housing Tax Credits allocated to the Partnership and any estimated residual
value of the investment. As of March 31, 2009, all Local Limited Partnerships were not considered to have any residual value in
consideration of the current economic circumstances. For the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 impairment loss related
to investments in Local Limited Partnerships was 1,054,080, 896,739, and 843,357, respectively. 

For the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and
2010, the Partnership also evaluated its intangibles for impairment in connection with its investments in Local Limited Partnerships.
Impairment on the intangibles is measured by comparing the Partnership s total investment balance after impairment of investments
in Local Limited Partnerships to the sum of the total of remaining Low Income Housing Tax Credits allocated to the Partnership
and the estimated residual value of the investment. As of March 31, 2009, all Local Limited Partnerships were not considered to
have any residual value in consideration of the current economic circumstances. During the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and
2010, an impairment loss of 59,105, 118,479, and 33,208, respectively, was recorded against the related intangibles. 

F- 21 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011
and 2010 

NOTE 2 - INVESTMENTS IN LOCAL LIMITED
PARTNERSHIPS, continued 

As of March 31, 2012 and 2011
the investment accounts in certain Local Limited Partnerships have reached a zero balance. Consequently, a portion of the
Partnership s estimate of its share of losses for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and
2010 amounting to approximately 95,000, 53,000, and 61,000 respectively, have not been recognized. As of March 31,
2012, the aggregate share of net losses not recognized by the Partnership amounted to approximately 244,000. 

The following
is a summary of the equity method activity of the investments in the Local Limited Partnerships for the periods presented: 

For The Years Ended March 31, 

2012 
 2011 
 2010 

Investments per balance sheet, beginning of period 
 2,844,594 
 4,287,152 
 5,703,153 
 
 Impairment loss 
 (1,113,185 
 (1,015,218 
 (876,565 
 
 Equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships 
 (474,286 
 (420,897 
 (528,759 
 
 Amortization of paid acquisition fees and costs 
 (2,024 
 (5,249 
 (9,483 
 
 Distributions received from Local Limited Partnerships 
 (6,704 
 (1,194 
 (1,194 

Investments per balance sheet, end of period 
 1,248,395 
 2,844,594 
 4,287,152 

For the Years Ended March 31, 

2012 
 2011 
 2010 

Investments in Local Limited Partnerships, net 
 1,221,623 
 2,756,693 
 4,075,523 
 
 Acquisition fees and costs, net of accumulated amortization of 1,036, 2,961 and 6,864 
 26,772 
 87,901 
 211,629 
 
 Investments per balance sheet, end of period 
 1,248,395 
 2,844,594 
 4,287,152 

F- 22 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011
and 2010 

NOTE 2 - INVESTMENTS IN LOCAL LIMITED
PARTNERSHIPS, continued 

The
financial information from the individual financial statements of the Local Limited Partnerships include rental and interest subsidies.
Rental subsidies are included in total revenues and interest subsidies are generally netted in interest expense. Approximate
combined condensed financial information from the individual financial statements of the Local Limited Partnerships as of December
31 and for the years then ended is as follows: 

COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

2011 
 2010 
 
 ASSETS 

Buildings and improvements (net of accumulated depreciation as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 of 10,166,000 and 9,116,000, respectively) 
 22,309,000 
 23,231,000 
 
 Land 
 1,861,000 
 1,861,000 
 
 Other assets 
 2,396,000 
 2,416,000 
 
 Total assets 
 26,566,000 
 27,508,000 

LIABILITIES 

Mortgage payable 
 17,961,000 
 17,857,000 
 
 Due to affiliates 
 835,000 
 1,393,000 
 
 Other liabilities 
 572,000 
 507,000 

Total liabilities 
 19,368,000 
 19,757,000 

PARTNERS EQUITY 

WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 9 
 5,208,000 
 5,778,000 
 
 Other partners 
 1,990,000 
 1,973,000 
 
 Total partners equity 
 7,198,000 
 7,751,000 
 
 Total liabilities and partners equity 
 26,566,000 
 27,508,000 

F- 23 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011
and 2010 

NOTE 2 - INVESTMENTS IN LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS, continued 

COMBINED
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2011 
 2010 
 2009 

Revenues 
 3,442,000 
 3,385,000 
 3,318,000 

Expenses: 

Operating expenses 
 2,277,000 
 2,119,000 
 2,173,000 
 
 Interest expense 
 629,000 
 647,000 
 672,000 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1,061,000 
 1,058,000 
 1,052,000 

Total expenses 
 3,967,000 
 3,824,000 
 3,897,000 

Net loss 
 (525,000 
 (439,000 
 (579,000 

Net loss allocable to the Partnership, 
 (551,000 
 (474,000 
 (590,000 

Net loss recorded by the Partnership 
 (474,000 
 (421,000 
 (529,000 

Certain Local Limited Partnerships have incurred
significant operating losses and/or have working capital deficiencies. In the event these Local Limited Partnerships continue to
incur significant operating losses, additional capital contributions by the Partnership and/or the Local General Partner may be
required to sustain the operations of such Local Limited Partnerships. If additional capital contributions are not made when they
are required, the Partnership s investment in certain of such Local Limited Partnerships could be impaired, and the loss and recapture
of the related Low Income Housing Tax Credits could occur. 

NOTE
3 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Under
the terms of the Partnership Agreement, the Partnership has paid or is obligated to the General Partner or its affiliates for the
following fees: 

Acquisition
fees of 7 of the gross proceeds from the sale of Partnership Units as compensation for services rendered in connection
with the acquisition of Local Limited Partnerships. At the end of all periods presented, the Partnership incurred total acquisition
fees of 1,072,750, which have been included in investments in Local Limited Partnerships. As of all periods presented, the fees
had been fully amortized or impaired. Impairment on the intangibles is measured by comparing the Partnership s
total investment balance after impairment of investments in Local Limited Partnerships to the sum of the total of the remaining
Low Income Housing Tax Credits allocated to the Partnership and the estimated residual value of the investments. If an impairment
loss related to the acquisition expenses is recorded, the accumulated amortization is reduced to zero at that time. 

Reimbursement
of costs incurred by of the General Partner or by an affiliate of Associates in connection with the acquisition of Local Limited
Partnerships. These reimbursements have not exceeded 2 of the gross proceeds. At the end of all periods presented, the Partnership
incurred acquisition costs of 306,500, which have been included in investments in Local Limited Partnerships. As of all periods
presented, the costs had been fully amortized or impaired. Impairment on the intangibles is measured
by comparing the Partnership s total investment balance after impairment of investments in Local Limited Partnerships to
the sum of the total of the remaining Low Income Housing Tax Credits allocated to the Partnership and the estimated residual value
of the investments. If an impairment loss related to the acquisition expenses is recorded, the accumulated amortization is reduced
to zero at that time. 

F- 24 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011
and 2010 

NOTE
3 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS, continued 

An
annual asset management fee not to exceed 0.5 of the invested assets of the Partnership, as defined. Invested Assets 
means the sum of the Partnership s investment in Local Limited Partnership interests and the Partnership s allocable
share of mortgage loans on and other debts related to the Housing Complexes owned by such Local Limited Partnerships. Asset management
fees of 143,000 were incurred during each of the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively, of which 25,000, 25,000,
and 12,500 was paid, respectively. 

A
subordinated disposition fee in an amount equal to 1 of the sale price of real estate sold by the Local Limited Partnerships.
Payment of this fee is subordinated to the Limited Partners receiving distributions equal to their capital contributions and their
return on investment (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) and is payable only if services are rendered in the sales effort.
No such fee was incurred for all periods presented. 

The
Partnership reimbursed the General Partner or its affiliates for operating expenses incurred by the Partnership and paid for by
the General Partner or its affiliates on behalf of the Partnership. Operating expense reimbursements were 94,865, 11,380, and
 2,025, during the years ended March 31,2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

WNC
Holding, LLC, Holding ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Associates, acquires investments in Local Limited Partnerships
using funds from a secured warehouse line of credit. Such investments are warehoused by Holding until transferred to syndicated
partnerships as investors are identified. The transfer of the warehoused investments is typically achieved through the admittance
of the syndicated partnership as the Limited Partner of the Local Limited Partnership and the removal of Holding as the Limited
Partner. Consideration paid to Holding for the transfer of its interest in the Local Limited Partnership generally consists of
cash reimbursement of capital contribution installment(s) paid to the Local Limited Partnerships by Holding, assumption of the
remaining capital contributions payable due to the Local Limited Partnership and financing costs and interest charged by Holding.
For all periods presented the Partnership incurred financing costs of 17,386 and interest of 110,011 which are included in investments
in Local Limited Partnerships. The accumulated amortization of financing costs was 0 and 207 as of March 31, 2012 and 2011,
respectively. The accumulated amortization of interest was 1,036 and 2,754, as of March 31, 2012 and 2011,respectively. Impairment
on the intangibles is measured by comparing the Partnership s total investment balance after impairment of investments in
Local Limited Partnerships to the sum of the total of the remaining Low Income Housing Tax Credits allocated to the Partnership
and the estimated residual value of the investments. If an impairment loss related to the capitalized warehouse interest and costs
are recorded, the accumulated amortization is reduced to zero at that time. 

F- 25 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011
and 2010 

NOTE
3 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS, continued 

The
accrued fees and expenses due to the General Partner and affiliates consist of the following at: 

March 31, 

2012 
 2011 

Asset management fee payable 
 1,124,615 
 1,006,615 
 
 Expenses paid by the General Partner or an affiliate on behalf of the Partnership 
 11,405 
 53,108 

Total 
 1,136,020 
 1,059,723 

The
General Partner and/or its affiliates do not anticipate that these accrued fees will be paid until such time as capital
reserves are in excess of the future foreseeable working capital requirements of the Partnership. 

The Partnership
currently has insufficient working capital to fund its operations. Associates has agreed to continue providing advances sufficient
enough to fund the operations and working capital requirements of the Partnership through June 30, 2013. 

NOTE
4 QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 

The following
is a summary of the quarterly operations for the years ended March 31 (rounded): 

June 30 
 September 30 
 December 31 
 March 31 
 
 2012 

Income 
 1,000 
 - 
 - 
 29,000 

Operating expenses and loss 
 (1,241,000 
 (47,000 
 (41,000 
 (48,000 

Loss from operations 
 (1,240,000 
 (47,000 
 (41,000 
 (19,000 

Equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships 
 (105,000 
 (105,000 
 (100,000 
 (164,000 

Net loss 
 (1,345,000 
 (152,000 
 (141,000 
 (183,000 

Net loss available to Limited Partners 
 (1,344,000 
 (152,000 
 (141,000 
 (182,000 

Net loss per Partnership Unit 
 (88 
 (10 
 (9 
 (12 

F- 26 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES
9 

 (A California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011
and 2010 

NOTE 4 - QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
(UNAUDITED), continued 

June 30 
 September 30 
 December 31 
 March 31 
 
 2011 

Income 
 5,000 
 6,000 
 - 
 - 

Operating expenses and loss 
 (1,054,000 
 (40,000 
 (38,000 
 (90,000 

Loss from operations 
 (1,049,000 
 (34,000 
 (38,000 
 (90,000 

Equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships 
 (129,000 
 (129,000 
 (129,000 
 (34,000 

Net loss 
 (1,178,000 
 (163,000 
 (167,000 
 (124,000 

Net loss available to Limited Partners 
 (1,177,000 
 (163,000 
 (166,000 
 (124,000 

Net loss per Partnership Unit 
 (77 
 (11 
 (11 
 (8 

June 30 
 September 30 
 December 31 
 March 31 
 
 2010 

Income 
 8,000 
 8,000 
 - 
 5,000 

Operating expenses and loss 
 (917,000 
 (41,000 
 (39,000 
 (39,000 

Loss from operations 
 (909,000 
 (33,000 
 (39,000 
 (34,000 

Equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships 
 (141,000 
 (129,000 
 (129,000 
 (130,000 

Net loss 
 (1,050,000 
 (162,000 
 (168,000 
 (164,000 

Net loss available to Limited Partners 
 (1,049,000 
 (162,000 
 (168,000 
 (164,000 

Net loss per Partnership Unit 
 (68 
 (11 
 (11 
 (11 

NOTE 5 PAYABLES
TO LOCAL LIMTED PARTNERSHIPS 

Payables
to Local Limited Partnerships represent amounts which are due at various times based on conditions specified in the Local Limited
Partnership agreements. These contributions are payable in installments and are generally due upon the Local Limited Partnerships
achieving certain operating and development benchmarks (generally within two years of the Partnership s initial investment).
As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, 40,282 remains payable to the Local Limited Partnerships. 

F- 27 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

NONE 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

(a) Evaluation of
 disclosure controls and procedures 

As
of the end of the periods covered by this report, the Partnership s General Partner, under the supervision and with the
participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Associates, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules
13a-15 and 15d-15. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of
the end of the period covered by this report, the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to
ensure that material information required to be disclosed in the Partnership s periodic report filings with SEC is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified by the SEC s rules and forms, consistent with the definition
of disclosure controls and procedures under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

The
Partnership must rely on the Local Limited Partnerships to provide the Partnership with certain information necessary to the timely
filing of the Partnership s periodic reports. Factors in the accounting at the Local Limited Partnerships have caused delays
in the provision of such information during past reporting periods, and resulted in the Partnership s inability to file
its periodic reports in a timely manner. 

Once
the Partnership has received the necessary information from the Local Limited Partnerships, the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer of Associates believe that the material information required to be disclosed in the Partnership s
periodic report filings with SEC is effectively recorded, processed, summarized and reported, albeit not in a timely manner. Going
forward, the Partnership will use the means reasonably within its power to impose procedures designed to obtain from the Local
Limited Partnerships the information necessary to the timely filing of the Partnership s periodic reports. 

(b) Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting 

The
management of Associates is responsible for establishing and maintaining for the Partnership adequate internal control over financial
reporting as that term is defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), and for performing an assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2012. The internal control process of Associates,
as it is applicable to the Partnership, was designed to provide reasonable assurance to Associates regarding the preparation and
fair presentation of published financial statements, and includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership; 

(2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, and that the Partnership s
receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of the management of Associates; and 

(3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of the Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

26 

All
internal control processes, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those processes determined
to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the reliability of financial statement preparation and presentation.
Further, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
of Associates assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting, as it is applicable to the Partnership,
as of the end of the Partnership s most recent fiscal year. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth in
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
Based on its assessment, management of Associates concluded that, for the reasons set forth above under Disclosure controls
and procedures, the internal control over financial reporting, as it is applicable to the Partnership, was not effective
as of March 31, 2012. 

For
purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the term material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of
deficiencies, in a reporting company s internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. For the reasons discussed above in this Item 9A, sub-section (a) under the caption Disclosure Controls and Procedures, 
the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting has not been effective in permitting timely reporting of the
Partnership s financial information. Accordingly, the management of Associates believes that this inability to generate
timely reports constitutes a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting. 

(c) Changes in internal controls 

There
were no changes in the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended March
31, 2012, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Partnership s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Item 9B.
Other Information 

NONE 

PART III. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

(a) Identification of Directors, (b) Identification of Executive
Officers, (c) Identification of Certain Significant Employees, (d) Family Relationships, and (e) Business Experience 

Neither the General Partner nor the Partnership
has directors, executives officers or employees of its own. The business of the Partnership
is conducted primarily through Associates. Associates is a California corporation which was organized in 1971. The following
biographical information is presented for the officers and employees of Associates with principal responsibility for the Partnership s
affairs. 

WNC Associates, Inc.,
is a California corporation which was organized in 1971. Its officers and significant employees are included in the following
list, which also includes certain officers of WNC Capital Corporation: 

27 

Wilfred N. Cooper, Sr. 
 Chairman 
 
 Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr. 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary 
 
 Michael J. Gaber 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 David N. Shafer, Esq. 
 Executive Vice President 
 
 Darrick Metz 
 Senior Vice President Originations 
 
 Christine A. Cormier 
 Senior Vice President Fund Management 
 
 Melanie R. Wenk, CPA 
 Vice President Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Kelly Henderson 
 Senior Vice President Legal Affairs 
 
 AnandKannan 
 Senior Vice President Development 
 
 Paula Hall 
 Vice President Asset Management 
 
 Gregory S. Hand 
 Vice President Acquisitions 
 
 Thomas F. Maxwell 
 Vice President Originations 
 
 Kay L. Cooper 
 Director of WNC Associates, Inc. 
 
 Jennifer E. Cooper 
 Director of WNC Associates, Inc. 

In
addition to Wilfred N. Cooper, Sr., the directors of WNC Associates, Inc. are Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr., Kay L. Cooper and Jennifer
E. Cooper. 

Wilfred N. Cooper, Sr., age 81, is the founder
and Chairman of the Board of Directors of WNC Associates, Inc., a Director of WNC Capital Corporation, and a general partner
in some of the partnerships previously sponsored by WNC Associates, Inc. Mr. Cooper has been actively involved in the affordable
housing industry since 1968. Previously, during 1970 and 1971, he was founder and a principal of Creative Equity Development Corporation,
a predecessor of WNC Associates, Inc., and of Creative Equity Corporation, a real estate investment firm. For 12 years before
that, Mr. Cooper was employed by Rockwell International Corporation, last serving as its manager of housing and urban developments
where he had responsibility for factory-built housing evaluation and project management in urban planning and development. He has
testified before committees of the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives on matters pertaining to the affordable housing
industry. Mr. Cooper is a Life Director of the National Association of Home Builders NAHB ), a National Trustee for
NAHB s Political Action Committee, and a past Chairman of NAHB s Multifamily Council. He is a Life Trustee of the National
Housing Conference, and a co-founder and Director Emeritus of the California Housing Consortium. He is the husband of Kay Cooper
and the father of Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr. Mr. Cooper graduated from Pomona College in 1956 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. 

Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr., age 49, is President,
Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, a Director, and a member of the Acquisition Committee, of WNC Associates, Inc. He is
President and a Director of, and a registered principal with, WNC Capital Corporation. He has been involved in real estate investment
and acquisition activities since 1988 when he joined WNC Associates, Inc. Previously, he served as a Government Affairs Assistant
with Honda North America in Washington, D.C. Mr. Cooper serves on the Orange County Advisory Board of U.S. Bank, the Board of Trustees
of NHC, the Editorial Advisory Board of Tax Credit Advisor , and the Tax Policy Council of the National Trust for Historic
Preservation. He is a member of the Urban Land Institute and of Vistage International, a global network of business leaders and
chief executives. He is the son of Wilfred Cooper, Sr. and Kay Cooper. Mr. Cooper graduated from The American University in 1985
with a Bachelor of Arts degree. 

Michael J. Gaber, age 45, is an Executive Vice
President, Chief Operating Officer, chair of the Acquisition Committee, and oversees the Property Acquisition and Investment Management
groups, of WNC Associates, Inc. Mr. Gaber has been involved in real estate acquisition, valuation and investment activities
since 1989 and has been associated with WNC Associates, Inc. since 1997. Prior to joining WNC Associates, Inc., he
was involved in the valuation and classification of major assets, restructuring of debt and analysis of real estate taxes with
a large financial institution. Mr. Gaber is a member of the Housing Credit Group of NAHB and of National Housing and Rehabilitation
Association NH RA ). Mr. Gaber graduated from the California State University, Fullerton in 1991 with a Bachelor
of Science degree in business administration finance. 

David N. Shafer, age 59, is an Executive Vice
President, a member of the Acquisition Committee, and oversees the New Markets Tax Credit group, of WNC Associates, Inc.
Mr. Shafer has been active in the real estate industry since 1984. Before joining WNC Associates, Inc. in 1990, he was engaged
as an attorney in the private practice of law with a specialty in real estate and taxation. Mr. Shafer is a Director and past President
of the California Council of Affordable Housing, a Director of the Council for Affordable and Rural Housing and a member of the
State Bar of California. Mr. Shafer graduated from the University of California at Santa Barbara in 1978 with a Bachelor of Arts
degree, from the New England School of Law in 1983 with a Juris Doctor degree (cum laude) and from the University of San Diego
in 1986 with a Master of Laws degree in taxation. 

28 

Darrick Metz, age 41, is Senior Vice President
 Originations of WNC Associates, Inc. He has been involved in multifamily property underwriting, acquisition and investment
activities since 1991. Prior to joining WNC in 1999, he was employed by a Minnesota development company specializing in tax credit
and market rate multifamily projects. Mr. Metz also worked with the Minnesota Housing Finance Agency MHFA ), where
he held the position of Senior Housing Development Officer. While at MHFA, he was responsible for the allocation of tax credits,
HOME funds and state loan products. Mr. Metz is active in the Qualified Allocation Plan Tax Credit Advisory Committee for the Wisconsin
Housing and Economic Development Authority, a member of MHFA s Multifamily Technical Assistance and a board member of NH RA.
He graduated from St. Cloud State University in 1993 with a Bachelor of Science degree in finance/economics. 

Christine A. Cormier, age 53, is Senior Vice
President Fund Management and, accordingly, oversees the fund management group, of WNC Associates, Inc. Ms. Cormier
has been active in the real estate industry since 1985. Prior to joining WNC in 2008, Ms. Cormier was with another major tax credit
syndicator for over 12 years where she was the Managing Director of investor relations. Ms. Cormier graduated from Bentley University
in 1982 with a Bachelor of Science degree (summa cum laude) in accounting and computer science. 

Melanie R. Wenk, age 43, is Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer of WNC Associates, Inc. She oversees WNC s corporate and partnership accounting group,
which is responsible for SEC reporting and New Markets Tax Credit compliance. Prior to joining WNC in 2003, Ms. Wenk was associated
as a public accountant with BDO Seidman, LLP. She graduated from the California Polytechnic State University, Pomona in 1999 with
a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting. 

Kelly Henderson, age 40, is Senior Vice President
 Legal Affairs of WNC Associates, Inc. She is responsible for structuring local limited partnership letters of understanding
and local limited partnership agreements, coordinating closings with outside counsel and reviewing local limited partnership loan
documents. Prior to joining WNC in 2006, she was Vice President Acquisitions and Senior Counsel with a national tax credit
syndicator. Ms. Henderson has been underwriting tax credit properties since 1999. She graduated from the State University of New
York at Geneseo in 1993 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science and from the New England School of Law in 1996 with
a Juris Doctor degree. She is licensed to practice law in the States of New York and Massachusetts. 

AnandKannan, age 32, is Senior Vice President
 Development of WNC Associates, Inc. and leads the preservation and development teams for Community Preservation Partners,
LLC. Prior to joining WNC in 2011, Mr. Kannan served as Associate Director at Vitus Group (previously Pacific Housing Advisors,
Inc.), where he developed or consulted on affordable housing projects across the country. His expertise is in the acquisition and
rehabilitation of existing low-income housing projects that are or will be financed by tax-exempt bonds, tax credits, and other
government subsidies. Prior to his tenure at Vitus Group, Mr. Kannan was associated with Novogradac Company LLP. Mr. Kannan
graduated from the University of California at Berkeley in 2002 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics with an emphasis in
Accounting. 

Paula Hall, age 45, is Vice President 
Asset Management, a member of the Acquisition Committee, and oversees the asset management group, of WNC Associates, Inc.
She joined WNC in 1997 and has more than 21 years of property management experience. Ms. Hall is a Certified Occupancy Specialist
(CPO), Housing Credit Certified Professional (HCCP), and Certified Property Manager (CPM) candidate. Prior to joining WNC, she
was a property manager for NHP Property Management (AIMCO) where she oversaw operations, training and development. 

Gregory S. Hand, age 48, is Vice President
 Acquisitions, and oversees the property underwriting activities, of the Irvine office of WNC Associates, Inc. Mr.
Hand has been involved in real estate analysis, development and management since 1987. Prior to joining WNC in 1998, he was a portfolio
asset manager with a national tax credit sponsor with responsibility for the management of 200 million in assets. Prior to that,
he was a finance manager with The Koll Company and a financial analyst with The Irvine Company. Mr. Hand graduated from Iowa State
University in 1987 with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in finance. 

29 

Thomas F. Maxwell, age 60, is Vice President
 Originations of the Northeast Region. He has 17 years of experience in the tax credit industry, and more than 30 years
of real estate experience, including originating, structuring and closing all types of affordable housing developments. Prior to
joining WNC in 2009, he served as a team leader for a national tax credit syndicator for nine years. Mr. Maxwell graduated from
Case Western Reserve University in 1974 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English and from Boston University in 1980 with a Master
of Business Administration degree. 

Kay L. Cooper, age 75, is a Director of WNC
 Associates, Inc. and has not otherwise been engaged in business activities during the previous five years. Kay Cooper was
the sole proprietor of Agate 108, a manufacturer and retailer of home accessory products from 1975 until its sale in 1998. She
is the wife of Wilfred Cooper, Sr. and the mother of Wilfred Cooper, Jr. Ms. Cooper graduated from the University of Southern California
in 1958 with a Bachelor of Science degree. 

Jennifer E. Cooper, age 49, is a Director of WNC Associates,
Inc. and has not otherwise been engaged in business activities during the previous five years. She is the wife of Wilfred Cooper,
Jr. and attended the University of Texas from 1981 to 1986. 

(f) Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None. 

(g) Promoters and Control Persons 

Inapplicable. 

(h) Audit Committee Financial Expert, and (i) Identification of the Audit Committee 

Neither the Partnership nor the
General Partners, has an audit committee. 

(j) Changes to Nominating Procedures 

Inapplicable. 

(k) Compliance With Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

None. 

(f) Code of Ethics 

Associates
has adopted a Code of Ethics which applies to the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Associates. The Code
of Ethics will be provided without charge to any person who requests it. Such requests should be directed to: Investor Relations
at (714) 662-5565 extension 187. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The General Partner and its
affiliates are not permitted under Section 5.6 of the Partnership s Agreement of Limited Partnership (the
 Agreement, incorporated as Exhibit 3.1 to this report) to receive any salary, fees, profits, distributions or
allocations from the Partnership or any Local Limited Partnership in which the Partnership invests except as expressly
allowed by the Agreement. The compensation and other economic benefits to the General Partner and its Affiliates provided for
in the Agreement are summarized below. 

30 

(a) Compensation for Services 

For
services rendered by the General Partner or an affiliate of the General Partner in connection with the administration of the affairs
of the Partnership, the General Partner or any such affiliate may receive an annual asset management fee equal not to exceed 0.5 
of the invested assets of the Local Limited Partnerships, including the Partnership s allocable share of the mortgages.
The asset management fee is payable with respect to the previous calendar quarter on the first day of each calendar quarter during
the year. Accrued but unpaid asset management fees for any year are deferred without interest and are payable in subsequent years
from any funds available to the Partnership after payment of all other costs and expenses of the Partnership, including any capital
reserves then determined by the General Partner to no longer be necessary to be retained by the Partnership, or from the proceeds
of a sale or refinancing of Partnership assets. Asset management fees of 143,000, were incurred during each of the years ended
March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, of which 25,000, 25,000, and 12,500, was paid during the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and
2010, respectively. 

Subject to a number of terms and conditions
set forth in the Agreement, the General Partner and its affiliates may be entitled to compensation for services actually rendered
or to be rendered in connection with (i) selecting, evaluating, structuring, negotiating and closing the Partnership s investments
in Local Limited Partnership Interests, (ii) the acquisition or development of Properties for the Local Limited Partnerships, or
(iii) property management services actually rendered by the General Partner or itsaffiliates respecting the Properties owned by
Local Limited Partnerships. The Partnership has completed its investment stage, so no compensation for the services in (i) or (ii)
has been paid during the period covered by this report and none will be paid in the future. None of the services described in (iii)
were rendered and no such compensation was payable for such services during the periods covered by this report. 

(b) Operating Expenses 

Reimbursement
to the General Partner or any of its affiliates of Operating Cash Expenses is subject to specific restrictions in Section 5.3.3
of the Partnership s Agreement of Limited Partnership (the Agreement, incorporated as Exhibit 3.1 to this
report). The Agreement defines Operating Cash Expenses as 

.. . . the amount of cash disbursed by the Partnership . . . in the ordinary course of business for the payment of its operating
expenses, such as expenses for management, utilities, repair and maintenance, insurance, investor communications, legal, accounting,
statistical and bookkeeping services, use of computing or accounting equipment, travel and telephone expenses, salaries and direct
expenses of Partnership employees while engaged in Partnership business, and any other operational and administrative expenses
necessary for the prudent operation of the Partnership. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Operating Cash Expenses
shall include fees paid by the Partnership to any General Partner or any Affiliate of a General Partner permitted by this Agreement
and the actual cost of goods, materials and administrative services used for or by the Partnership, whether incurred by a General
Partner, an Affiliate of a General Partner or a non-Affiliated Person in performing the foregoing functions. As used in the preceding
sentence, actual cost of goods and materials means the actual cost of goods and materials used for or by the Partnership and obtained
from entities not Affiliated with a General Partner, and actual cost of administrative services means the pro rata cost of personnel
(as if such persons were employees of the Partnership) associated therewith, but in no event to exceed the Competitive amount. 

The
Agreement provides that no such reimbursement shall be permitted for services for which a General Partner or any of its Affiliates
is entitled to compensation by way of a separate fee. Furthermore, no such reimbursement is to be made for (a) rent or depreciation,
utilities, capital equipment or other such administrative items, and (b) salaries, fringe benefits, travel expenses and other
administrative items incurred or allocated to any controlling person of a General Partner or any Affiliate of a General
Partner. For the purposes of Section 5.3.4, controlling person includes, but is not limited to, any person, however
titled, who performs functions for a General Partner or any Affiliate of a General Partner similar to those of: (1) chairman or
member of the board of directors; (2) executive management, such as president, vice president or senior vice president, corporate
secretary or treasurer; (3) senior management, such as the vice president of an operating division who reports directly to executive
management; or (4) those holding 5 or more equity interest in such General Partner or any such Affiliate of a General Partner
or a person having the power to direct or cause the direction of such General Partner or any such Affiliate of a General Partner,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

31 

The
unpaid operating expenses reimbursable to the General Partner or its affiliates were 11,405, 53,108, and 5,887,for the years
ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The Partnership reimbursed the General Partner or its affiliates for operating
expenses of 94,865, 11,380, and 2,025, during the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

(c) Interest in Partnership 

The
General Partner receives 0.1 of the Partnership s allocated Low Income Housing Tax Credits, which were 1,541 for each
of the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009. The General Partner is also entitled to receive 0.1 of the Partnership s
operating income or losses, gain or loss from the sale of property and operating cash distributions. There were no distributions
of operating cash to the General Partner during the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. The General Partner has an interest
in sale or refinancing proceeds as follows: after the Limited Partners have received a return of their capital, General Partner
may receive an amount equal to its capital contribution, less any prior distribution of such proceeds, then the General Partner
may receive 0.1 and the Limited Partners 99.9 of any remaining proceeds. There were no such distributions of cash to the General
Partner during the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. 

(d) Subordinated Disposition Fee 

A
subordinated disposition fee in an amount equal to 1 of the sale price of real estate sold by the Local Limited Partnerships.
Payment of this fee is subordinated to the Limited Partners receiving distributions equal to their capital contributions and their
return on investment (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) and is payable only if services are rendered in the sales effort.
No such fee was incurred for all periods presented. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

(a) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
Partnership has no compensation plans under which interests in the Partnership are authorized for issuance. 

(b) Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 

No
person is known to own beneficially in excess of 5 of the outstanding Partnership Units. 

(c) Security Ownership of Management 

Neither
the General Partner, Associates, its affiliates, nor any of the officers or directors of the General Partner, Associates or its
affiliates own directly or beneficially any Partnership Units. 

(d) Changes in Control 

The
management and control of Associates and its affiliates may be changed at any time in accordance with its respective organizational
documents, without the consent or approval of the Limited Partners. In addition, the Partnership Agreement provides for the admission
of one or more additional and successor General Partners in certain circumstances. 

First,
with the consent of the General Partner and a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners, the General Partner may designate
one or more persons to be successor or additional General Partners. In addition, the General Partner may, without the consent
of the Limited Partners, (i) substitute in its stead as General Partner any entity which has, by merger, consolidation or otherwise,
acquired substantially all of its assets, stock or other evidence of equity interest and continued its business, or (ii) cause
to be admitted to the Partnership an additional General Partner or Partners if it deems such admission to be necessary or desirable
so that the Partnership will be classified a partnership for Federal income tax purposes. Finally, a majority-in-interest of the
Limited Partners may at any time remove the General Partner of the Partnership and elect a successor General Partner. 

32 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

(a) The General Partner manages all of the Partnership s affairs. The transactions with the General
Partner are primarily in the form of fees paid by the Partnership for services rendered to the Partnership, reimbursement of expenses,
and the General Partner s interests in the Partnership, as discussed in Item 11 and in the notes to the Partnership s
financial statements. 

(b) The Partnership has no directors. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The following is a summary of fees paid to the Partnership s
principal independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended March 31: 

2012 
 2011 
 
 Audit Fees 
 79,775 
 51,275 
 
 Audit-related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 3,035 
 3,035 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 TOTAL 
 82,810 
 54,310 

The Partnership has no Audit Committee. All
audit services and any permitted non-audit services performed by the Partnership s independent auditors are preapproved by
the General Partner. 

33 

PART IV. 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules 

(a)(1) List of financial statements included in Part II hereof 

Balance
Sheets, March 31, 2012 and 2011 

 Statements of Operations for the years
ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 Statements
of Partners Equity (Deficit) for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 Statements of Cash Flows for the years
ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

(a)(2) List of financial statement schedules included in Part IV hereof : 

Schedule III, Real Estate
Owned by Local Limited Partnerships 

(a)(3) Exhibits . 

3.1 First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 9 dated as of July
17, 2001 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on August 18,
2001 (Commission File No. 333-67670) is hereby incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 3.1. 

10.1 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated agreement of Limited Partnership Harbor Pointe Limited
Partnership. filed as exhibit 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K/A dated September 5, 2003 (Commission File No. 000-50315),
is herein incorporated by reference as exhibit 10.1. 

31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 (filed herewith) 

31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 (filed herewith) 

32.1 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer. (filed herewith) 

32.2 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer. (filed herewith) 

99.1 Financial Statements of Harbor Pointe L.P., as of and for
the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 together with Independent Auditors Report thereon; a significant subsidiary
of the Partnership. (filed herewith). 

101. Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Balance Sheets
at March 31, 2012 and 2011, (ii) the Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, (iii) the Statements
of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 and (iv) the Notes to Financial Statements 

Exhibits 32.1, 32.2 and 101 shall
not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the
liability of that Section. Such exhibits shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act
of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

34 

WNC Housing
Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 9 

 Schedule
III 

 Real Estate
Owned by Local Limited Partnerships 

 March 31,
2012 

As
 of March 31,
 2012 
 Initial
 Cost to Partnership 
 
 As
 of December 31,
 2011 

Local
Limited Partnership Name 
 
 Location 
 Total Investment in Local Limited Partnership 
 Amount
of Investment Paid to Date 
 Land 
 Building Improvements 
 Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 
 Mortgage Balances of Local Limited Partnerships 
 Land 
 Building, Construction in Progress Equipment 
 Accumulated Depreciation 
 Net Book Value 

505 West Main Limited Partnership 
 
 Vermillion, South Dakota 
 709,000 
 709,000 
 75,000 
 3,876,000 
 179,000 
 1,682,000 
 75,000 
 4,055,000 
 1,002,000 
 3,128,000 

Byhalia Estates, L.P. 
 
 Byhalia, Mississippi 
 219,000 
 219,000 
 24,000 
 943,000 
 - 
 676,000 
 24,000 
 943,000 
 332,000 
 635,000 

Calico Terrace Limited Partnership 
 
 Calico Rock, Arkansas 
 452,000 
 452,000 
 13,000 
 1,818,000 
 109,000 
 1,355,000 
 13,000 
 1,927,000 
 453,000 
 1,487,000 

Harbor Pointe, L.P. 
 
 Tifton, Georgia 
 1,869,000 
 1,869,000 
 827,000 
 3,482,000 
 4,000 
 2,031,000 
 827,000 
 3,486,000 
 1,175,000 
 3,138,000 

McPherson Housing Associates Limited Partnership 
 
 McPherson, Kansas 
 1,770,000 
 1,770,000 
 200,000 
 3,731,000 
 - 
 1,798,000 
 200,000 
 3,731,000 
 1,214,000 
 2,717,000 

Mendota I, L.P. an Illinois Limited Partnership 
 
 Morris, Illinois and Mendota, Illinois and Plano, Illinois 
 1,691,000 
 1,691,000 
 120,000 
 4,386,000 
 317,000 
 2,580,000 
 120,000 
 4,703,000 
 1,384,000 
 3,439,000 

North Davison Partners 99 L.P. 
 
 Mitchell, South Dakota 
 470,000 
 470,000 
 30,000 
 1,164,000 
 34,000 
 622,000 
 40,000 
 1,188,000 
 283,000 
 945,000 

Oakview Terrace Townhomes L.P. 
 
 North Branch, Minnesota 
 1,104,000 
 1,104,000 
 106,000 
 2,420,000 
 - 
 1,427,000 
 106,000 
 2,420,000 
 693,000 
 1,833,000 

Parker Estates, L.P. 
 
 Sunflower, Mississippi 
 274,000 
 274,000 
 29,000 
 1,334,000 
 - 
 915,000 
 29,000 
 1,334,000 
 474,000 
 889,000 

Preservation Partners III L.P. 
 
 Monmouth, Illinois 
 579,000 
 579,000 
 29,000 
 1,344,000 
 59,000 
 721,000 
 29,000 
 1,403,000 
 511,000 
 921,000 

Saw Mill Creek II Limited Dividend Housing Association Limited Partnership 
 
 Vicksburg, Michigan 
 383,000 
 343,000 
 50,000 
 1,536,000 
 - 
 1,069,000 
 50,000 
 1,536,000 
 461,000 
 1,125,000 

Selman Place, LP 
 
 Bainbridge, Georgia 
 1,679,000 
 1,679,000 
 301,000 
 4,003,000 
 9,000 
 2,269,000 
 301,000 
 4,012,000 
 1,214,000 
 3,099,000 

Villas of Palm L.P. 
 
 Coon Rapids, Minnesota 
 242,000 
 242,000 
 47,000 
 1,699,000 
 38,000 
 816,000 
 47,000 
 1,737,000 
 970,000 
 814,000 

11,441,000 
 11,401,000 
 1,851,000 
 31,736,000 
 749,000 
 17,961,000 
 1,861,000 
 32,475,000 
 10,166,000 
 24,170,000 

35 

WNC Housing
Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 9 

 Schedule
III 

 Real Estate
Owned by Local Limited Partnerships 

 March 31,
2012 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2011 
 
 Local Limited Partnership Name 
 Rental Income 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 Year Investment Acquired 
 Status 
 Estimated Useful Life (Years) 

505 West Main Limited Partnership 
 494,000 
 45,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Byhalia Estates, L.P. 
 177,000 
 (3,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Calico Terrace Limited Partnership 
 168,000 
 (2,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 25 

Harbor Pointe, L.P. 
 244,000 
 (114,000 
 2001 
 Completed 
 40 

McPherson Housing Associates Limited Partnership 
 405,000 
 (57,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Mendota I, L.P. an Illinois Limited Partnership 
 500,000 
 (95,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

North Davison Partners 99 L.P. 
 179,000 
 8,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 30 

Oakview Terrace Townhomes L.P. 
 191,000 
 (43,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Parker Estates, L.P. 
 212,000 
 (36,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Preservation Partners III L.P. 
 144,000 
 (63,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Saw Mill Creek II Limited Dividend Housing Association Limited Partnership 
 142,000 
 (17,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 27.5 

Selman Place, LP 
 248,000 
 (118,000 
 2001 
 Completed 
 40 

Villas of Palm L.P. 
 181,000 
 (30,000 
 2004 
 Completed 
 30 

3,285,000 
 (525,000 

36 

WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund
VI, L.P., Series 9 

 Schedule III 

 Real Estate Owned by Local
Limited Partnerships 

 March 31, 2011 

As of March 31, 2011 
 Initial Cost to Partnership 
 
 As of December 31, 2010 
 
 Local Limited Partnership Name 
 
 Location 
 Total Investment in Local Limited Partnership 
 Amount
of Investment Paid to Date 
 Land 
 Building Improvements 
 Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 
 Mortgage Balances of Local Limited Partnerships 
 Land 
 Building, Construction in Progress Equipment 
 Accumulated Depreciation 
 Net Book Value 

505 West Main Limited Partnership 
 
 Vermillion, South Dakota 
 709,000 
 709,000 
 75,000 
 3,876,000 
 128,000 
 1,655,000 
 75,000 
 4,004,000 
 883,000 
 3,196,000 

Byhalia Estates, L.P. 
 
 Byhalia, Mississippi 
 219,000 
 219,000 
 24,000 
 943,000 
 - 
 686,000 
 24,000 
 943,000 
 298,000 
 669,000 

Calico Terrace Limited Partnership 
 
 Calico Rock, Arkansas 
 452,000 
 452,000 
 13,000 
 1,818,000 
 105,000 
 1,366,000 
 13,000 
 1,923,000 
 401,000 
 1,535,000 

Harbor Pointe, L.P. 
 
 Tifton, Georgia 
 1,869,000 
 1,869,000 
 827,000 
 3,482,000 
 4,000 
 2,044,000 
 827,000 
 3,486,000 
 1,035,000 
 3,278,000 

McPherson Housing Associates Limited Partnership 
 
 McPherson, Kansas 
 1,770,000 
 1,770,000 
 200,000 
 3,731,000 
 - 
 1,798,000 
 200,000 
 3,731,000 
 1,105,000 
 2,826,000 

Mendota I, L.P. an Illinois Limited Partnership 
 
 Morris, Illinois and Mendota, Illinois and Plano, Illinois 
 1,691,000 
 1,691,000 
 120,000 
 4,386,000 
 270,000 
 2,605,000 
 120,000 
 4,656,000 
 1,243,000 
 3,533,000 

North Davison Partners 99 L.P. 
 
 Mitchell, South Dakota 
 470,000 
 470,000 
 30,000 
 1,164,000 
 25,000 
 634,000 
 40,000 
 1,179,000 
 249,000 
 970,000 

Oakview Terrace Townhomes L.P. 
 
 North Branch, Minnesota 
 1,104,000 
 1,104,000 
 106,000 
 2,420,000 
 - 
 1,433,000 
 106,000 
 2,420,000 
 629,000 
 1,897,000 

Parker Estates, L.P. 
 
 Sunflower, Mississippi 
 274,000 
 274,000 
 29,000 
 1,334,000 
 - 
 928,000 
 29,000 
 1,334,000 
 425,000 
 938,000 

Preservation Partners III L.P. 
 
 Monmouth, Illinois 
 579,000 
 579,000 
 29,000 
 1,344,000 
 44,000 
 731,000 
 29,000 
 1,388,000 
 457,000 
 960,000 

Saw Mill Creek II Limited Dividend Housing Association Limited Partnership 
 
 Vicksburg, Michigan 
 383,000 
 343,000 
 50,000 
 1,536,000 
 - 
 1,089,000 
 50,000 
 1,536,000 
 417,000 
 1,169,000 

Selman Place, LP 
 
 Bainbridge, Georgia 
 1,679,000 
 1,679,000 
 301,000 
 4,003,000 
 10,000 
 2,288,000 
 301,000 
 4,013,000 
 1,073,000 
 3,241,000 

Villas of Palm L.P. 
 
 Coon Rapids, Minnesota 
 242,000 
 242,000 
 47,000 
 1,699,000 
 35,000 
 600,000 
 47,000 
 1,734,000 
 901,000 
 880,000 

11,441,000 
 11,401,000 
 1,851,000 
 31,736,000 
 621,000 
 17,857,000 
 1,861,000 
 32,347,000 
 9,116,000 
 25,092,000 

37 

WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 9 

 Schedule III 

 Real Estate Owned by Local Limited Partnerships 
 March 31, 2011 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2010 
 
 Local Limited Partnership Name 
 Rental Income 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 Year Investment Acquired 
 Status 
 Estimated Useful Life (Years) 

505 West Main Limited Partnership 
 480,000 
 60,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Byhalia Estates, L.P. 
 176,000 
 13,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Calico Terrace Limited Partnership 
 170,000 
 (1,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 25 

Harbor Pointe, L.P. 
 244,000 
 (111,000 
 2001 
 Completed 
 40 

McPherson Housing Associates Limited Partnership 
 410,000 
 (35,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Mendota I, L.P. an Illinois Limited Partnership 
 513,000 
 (71,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

North Davison Partners 99 L.P. 
 176,000 
 (6,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 30 

Oakview Terrace Townhomes L.P. 
 183,000 
 (60,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Parker Estates, L.P. 
 211,000 
 (28,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Preservation Partners III L.P. 
 133,000 
 (44,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Saw Mill Creek II Limited Dividend Housing Association Limited Partnership 
 136,000 
 (18,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 27.5 

Selman Place, LP 
 246,000 
 (103,000 
 2001 
 Completed 
 40 

Villas of Palm L.P. 
 181,000 
 (35,000 
 2004 
 Completed 
 30 

3,259,000 
 (439,000 

38 

WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 9 

 Schedule III 

 Real Estate Owned by Local Limited Partnerships 

March 31, 2010 

As of March 31, 2010 
 Initial Cost to Partnership 
 
 As of December 31, 2009 

Local Limited Partnership Name 
 
 Location 
 Total Investment in Local Limited Partnership 
 Amount of Investment Paid to Date 
 Land 
 Building Improvements 
 Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition 
 Mortgage Balances of Local Limited Partnerships 
 Land 
 Building,
Construction in Progress Equipment 
 Accumulated Depreciation 
 Net Book Value 

505 West Main Limited Partnership 
 
 Vermillion, South Dakota 
 709,000 
 709,000 
 75,000 
 3,876,000 
 57,000 
 1,687,000 
 75,000 
 3,933,000 
 770,000 
 3,238,000 

Byhalia Estates, L.P. 
 
 Byhalia, Mississippi 
 219,000 
 219,000 
 24,000 
 943,000 
 - 
 694,000 
 24,000 
 943,000 
 264,000 
 703,000 

Calico Terrace Limited Partnership 
 
 Calico Rock, Arkansas 
 452,000 
 452,000 
 13,000 
 1,818,000 
 94,000 
 1,377,000 
 13,000 
 1,912,000 
 349,000 
 1,576,000 

Harbor Pointe, L.P. 
 
 Tifton, Georgia 
 1,869,000 
 1,869,000 
 827,000 
 3,482,000 
 3,000 
 2,056,000 
 827,000 
 3,485,000 
 895,000 
 3,417,000 

McPherson Housing Associates Limited Partnership 
 
 McPherson, Kansas 
 1,770,000 
 1,770,000 
 200,000 
 3,731,000 
 - 
 1,862,000 
 200,000 
 3,731,000 
 996,000 
 2,935,000 

Mendota I, L.P. an Illinois Limited Partnership 
 
 Morris, Illinois and Mendota, Illinois and Plano, Illinois 
 1,691,000 
 1,691,000 
 120,000 
 4,386,000 
 238,000 
 2,627,000 
 120,000 
 4,624,000 
 1,103,000 
 3,641,000 

North Davison Partners 99 L.P. 
 
 Mitchell, South Dakota 
 470,000 
 470,000 
 30,000 
 1,164,000 
 19,000 
 647,000 
 40,000 
 1,173,000 
 216,000 
 997,000 

Oakview Terrace Townhomes L.P. 
 
 North Branch, Minnesota 
 1,104,000 
 1,104,000 
 106,000 
 2,420,000 
 - 
 1,438,000 
 106,000 
 2,420,000 
 564,000 
 1,962,000 

Parker Estates, L.P. 
 
 Sunflower, Mississippi 
 274,000 
 274,000 
 29,000 
 1,334,000 
 - 
 941,000 
 29,000 
 1,334,000 
 377,000 
 986,000 

Preservation Partners III L.P. 
 
 Monmouth, Illinois 
 579,000 
 579,000 
 29,000 
 1,344,000 
 25,000 
 741,000 
 29,000 
 1,369,000 
 403,000 
 995,000 

Saw Mill Creek II Limited Dividend Housing Association Limited Partnership 
 
 Vicksburg, Michigan 
 383,000 
 343,000 
 50,000 
 1,536,000 
 - 
 1,108,000 
 50,000 
 1,536,000 
 374,000 
 1,212,000 

Selman Place, LP 
 
 Bainbridge, Georgia 
 1,679,000 
 1,679,000 
 301,000 
 4,003,000 
 10,000 
 2,304,000 
 301,000 
 4,013,000 
 931,000 
 3,383,000 

Villas of Palm L.P. 
 
 Coon Rapids, Minnesota 
 242,000 
 242,000 
 47,000 
 1,699,000 
 34,000 
 854,000 
 47,000 
 1,733,000 
 830,000 
 950,000 

11,441,000 
 11,401,000 
 1,851,000 
 31,736,000 
 480,000 
 18,336,000 
 1,861,000 
 32,206,000 
 8,072,000 
 25,995,000 

39 

WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 9 

Schedule III 

 Real Estate Owned by Local Limited Partnerships 

 March 31, 2010 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2009 
 
 Local Limited Partnership Name 
 Rental Income 
 Net Loss 
 Year Investment Acquired 
 Status 
 Estimated Useful Life (Years) 

505 West Main Limited Partnership 
 470,000 
 19,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Byhalia Estates, L.P. 
 170,000 
 (4,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Calico Terrace Limited Partnership 
 158,000 
 (14,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 25 

Harbor Pointe, L.P. 
 235,000 
 (112,000 
 2001 
 Completed 
 40 

McPherson Housing Associates Limited Partnership 
 381,000 
 (104,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Mendota I, L.P. an Illinois Limited Partnership 
 497,000 
 (51,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

North Davison Partners 99 L.P. 
 162,000 
 (6,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 30 

Oakview Terrace Townhomes L.P. 
 184,000 
 (90,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Parker Estates, L.P. 
 207,000 
 (11,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Preservation Partners III L.P. 
 145,000 
 (38,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 40 

Saw Mill Creek II Limited Dividend Housing Association Limited Partnership 
 128,000 
 (48,000 
 2002 
 Completed 
 27.5 

Selman Place, LP 
 249,000 
 (95,000 
 2001 
 Completed 
 40 

Villas of Palm L.P. 
 173,000 
 (25,000 
 2004 
 Completed 
 30 

3,159,000 
 (579,000 

40 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 9 

By: WNC ASSOCIATES, INC. General Partner 

By: 
 /s/ Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr. 

Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr., 

President of WNC Associates, Inc. 

Date: June 20, 2012 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

By: 
 /s/ Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr. 

Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr., 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of WNC Associates, Inc. (principal executive officer) 

Date: June 20, 2012 

By: 
 /s/ Melanie R. Wenk 

Melanie R. Wenk, 

Vice-President - Chief Financial Officer of WNC Associates, Inc. (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

Date: June 20, 2012 

By: 
 /s/ Wilfred N. Cooper, Sr. 

Wilfred N. Cooper, Sr., 

Chairman of the Board of WNC Associates, Inc. 

Date: June 20, 2012 

By: 
 /s/ Kay L. Cooper 

Kay L. Cooper 

Director of WNC Associates, Inc. 

Date: June 20, 2012 

41 

<EX-32.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI,
L.P., Series 9; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 20, 2012 

/s/ Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr. 

Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr. 

President and Chief Executive Officer of WNC Associates, Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Melanie R. Wenk., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI,
L.P., Series 9; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 20, 2012 

/s/ Melanie R. Wenk 

Melanie R. Wenk 

Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer of WNC Associates, Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

EXHIBIT 32-1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 9 (the Partnership for the year
ended March 31, 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), and
pursuant to 18 U.S.C., section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Wilfred N.
Cooper, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer of WNC Associates, Inc., general partner of the Partnership, hereby
certify that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Partnership. 

/s/WILFRED N. COOPER, JR. 

Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr. 

President and Chief Executive Officer of WNC Associates, Inc. 

Date: June 20, 2012 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 KL

Exhibit 32.2 

EXHIBIT 32-2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 9 (the Partnership for the year ended
March 31, 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), and pursuant
to 18 U.S.C., section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Melanie R. Wenk, Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of WNC Associates, Inc., general partner of the Partnership, hereby certify that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Partnership. 

/s/MELANIE R. WENK 

Melanie R. Wenk 

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of WNC Associates, Inc. 

Date: June 20, 2012 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 xxhhj-20120331.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 xxhhj-20120331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 xxhhj-20120331_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 xxhhj-20120331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 xxhhj-20120331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 xxhhj-20120331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

