<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20120309_10-K_edgar_data_1372020_0001193125-12-107139.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7000404</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>341112</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1669830</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2858039</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>786680</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>900857</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-12-107139.hdr.sgml : 20120309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20120309165114
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-12-107139
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20111231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20120309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20120309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Great Lakes Dredge & Dock CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001372020
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEAVY CONSTRUCTION OTHER THAN BUILDING CONST - CONTRACTORS [1600]
		IRS NUMBER:				205336063
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33225
		FILM NUMBER:		12681241

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2122 YORK ROAD
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523
		BUSINESS PHONE:		630-574-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2122 YORK ROAD
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060808

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-12-107139.txt : 20120309

10-K
 1
 d294750d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 10-K
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to
 Commission file number: 001-33225
 
 Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 
 20-5336063 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

2122 York Road, Oak Brook, IL 
 
 60523 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 (630) 574-3000 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Common Stock, (Par Value 0.0001) 
 
 Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this
chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was 316,516,845 at June 30, 2011. The aggregate
market value was computed using the closing price of the common stock as of that date on the Nasdaq Stock Market. (For purposes of a calculating this amount only, all directors and executive officers of the registrant have been treated as
affiliates.) As of March 5, 2012, 58,999,404 shares of Registrant s Common Stock, par value .0001 per share, were
outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Part of 10-K 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Part III 
 
 Portions of the Proxy Statement to be filed with 
 the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

2 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

13 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

24 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

24 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

25 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

26 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
 Securities 

27 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

29 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 

30 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

45 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

46 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 

47 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

47 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

51 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

52 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

52 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters 

52 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

52 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

52 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

53 

SIGNATURES 

54 

Table of Contents 

 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements as defined in
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the PSLRA or
in releases made by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), all as may be amended from time to time. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the
actual results, performance or achievements of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and its subsidiaries Great Lakes ), or industry results, to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or
implied by such forward-looking statements. Statements that are not historical fact are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by, among other things, the use of forward-looking language, such as the words
 plan, believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, project, may, would, could, should, seeks, or
 scheduled to, or other similar words, or the negative of these terms or other variations of these terms or comparable language, or by discussion of strategy or intentions. These cautionary statements are being made pursuant to the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the PSLRA with the intention of obtaining the benefits of the safe harbor provisions of such laws. Great Lakes cautions investors that any forward-looking statements made by Great Lakes are not
guarantees or indicative of future performance. Important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements with respect to Great Lakes, include, but are not limited
to, risks and uncertainties that are described in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and in other securities filings by Great Lakes with the SEC. 
 Although Great Lakes believes that its plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by such forward-looking statements
are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from a projection or assumption in any forward-looking statements. Great Lakes future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject
to change and inherent risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made only as of the date hereof and Great Lakes does not have or undertake any obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or otherwise, unless otherwise required by law. 
 Availability of Information You may read and copy any materials Great Lakes files with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such materials also can be obtained
at the SEC s website, www.sec.gov or by mail from the Public Reference Room of the SEC, at prescribed rates. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the Public Reference Room. Great Lakes SEC filings are also
available to the public, free of charge, on its corporate website, www.gldd.com as soon as reasonably practicable after Great Lakes electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business The terms
 we, our, ours, us, Great Lakes and Company refer to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and its subsidiaries. The term NASDI refers to our subsidiary
NASDI, LLC and the term Yankee refers to our subsidiary Yankee Environmental Services, LLC. Organization 
 Great Lakes is the largest provider of dredging services in the United States. The Company was founded in 1890 as Lydon Drews
Partnership and performed its first project in Chicago, Illinois. The Company changed its name to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Company in 1905 and was involved in a number of marine construction and landfill projects along the Chicago
lakefront and in the surrounding Great Lakes region. Great Lakes now provides dredging services in the East, West, and Gulf Coasts of the United States and worldwide. The Company also owns NASDI, a demolition services provider located in the Boston,
Massachusetts area. The Company has a 50 interest in Amboy Aggregates, a sand dredging operation in New Jersey and a 50 interest in TerraSea Environmental Solutions, TerraSea an environmental remediation services business.
 On December 31, 2010 the Company acquired the assets of L.W. Matteson, Inc. Matteson ), a maintenance and
environmental dredging and levee construction company located in Burlington, Iowa for 45 million plus cash earnout payments if certain earnings criteria are met. The acquisition was funded with 37.5 million in cash and a seller note of 7.5
million. The Matteson acquisition expanded the Company s service offering into lake and river dredging, inland levee and construction dredging, environmental restoration and habitat improvement and other marine construction. 
 The Company operates in two reportable segments: dredging and demolition. These reportable segments are the Company s operating
segments and the reporting units at which the Company tests goodwill for impairment. Financial information about the Company s reportable segments and operating revenues by geographic region is provided in Note 15 to the Company s
consolidated financial statements. Dredging Operations (approximately 83 of 2011 total revenues) 
 Dredging generally involves the enhancement or preservation of navigability of waterways or the protection of shorelines through the
removal or replenishment of soil, sand or rock. The U.S. dredging market consists of three primary types of work: capital, beach nourishment and maintenance. The Company s bid market is defined as the aggregate dollar value of
domestic projects on which the Company bid or could have bid if not for capacity constraints. The Company experienced an average combined bid market share in the U.S. of 39 over the prior three years, including 44 , 52 and 32 of the domestic
capital, beach nourishment and maintenance sectors, respectively. The foregoing bid market data does not reflect rivers lakes activities which are separately categorized. The Company s bid market share of rivers lakes in
the year of activity since the Matteson acquisition is 36 . In addition, the Company is the only U.S. dredging service
provider with significant international operations. Over the prior three years, foreign dredging operations accounted for an average of 17 of the Company s dredging revenues. Domestic Dredging Operations Over its 121-year history, the Company
has grown to be a leader in capital, beach nourishment and maintenance dredging in the U.S. Capital (approximately 30 of
2011 dredging revenues) . Capital dredging consists primarily of port expansion projects, which involve the deepening of channels to allow access by larger, deeper draft ships and the provision of land fill used to expand port facilities. In
addition to port work, capital projects also include land 
 2 

Table of Contents 

reclamations, trench digging for pipelines, tunnels and cables, and other dredging related to the construction of breakwaters, jetties, canals and other marine structures. Although capital work
can be impacted by budgetary constraints and economic conditions, these projects typically generate an immediate economic benefit to the ports and surrounding communities. Beach nourishment (approximately 26 of 2011 dredging revenues) . Beach nourishment projects generally involve moving sand from the ocean floor to shoreline locations where erosion threatens
shoreline assets. Beach erosion is a continuous problem that has intensified with the rise in coastal development and has become an important issue for state and local governments concerned with protecting beachfront tourism and real estate. Beach
nourishment is often viewed as a better response to erosion than trapping sand through the use of sea walls and jetties, or relocating buildings and other assets away from the shoreline. Generally, beach nourishment projects take place during the
fall and winter months to minimize interference with bird and marine life migration and breeding patterns and coastal recreation activities. Maintenance (approximately 22 of 2011 dredging revenues) . Maintenance dredging consists of the re-dredging of previously deepened waterways and harbors to remove silt, sand and other
accumulated sediments. Due to natural sedimentation, most channels generally require maintenance dredging every one to three years, thus creating a recurring source of dredging work that is typically non-deferrable if optimal navigability is to be
maintained. In addition, severe weather such as hurricanes, flooding and droughts can also cause the accumulation of sediments and drive the need for maintenance dredging. Rivers lakes (approximately 7 of 2011 dredging revenues) . Domestic rivers and lakes dredging and related operations typically consist of lake and river dredging, inland levee and
construction dredging, environmental restoration and habitat improvement and other marine construction projects. With the completion of the Matteson acquisition, commencing January 1, 2011 the Company was able to target and perform additional
projects along U.S. inland waterways, which includes rivers and lakes. Establishing a presence in these markets enables the Company to bid for and take advantage of opportunities that were previously generally outside of its operating scope. In
recent years, Matteson worked on projects along the Mississippi river basin and in several states, including Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Illinois, Iowa, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Minnesota, Nebraska, Oklahoma, South Dakota,
Tennessee and Texas. Generally, inland river and lake projects in the northern U.S. take place in non-winter months because frozen waterways significantly reduce the Company s ability to operate and transport its equipment in the relevant
geographies. Foreign Dredging Operations (approximately 15 of 2011 dredging revenues) 
 Foreign capital projects typically involve land reclamations, channel deepening and port infrastructure development. The Company targets
foreign opportunities that are well suited to the Company s equipment and where it faces reduced competition from its European competitors. Maintaining a presence in foreign markets has enabled the Company to diversify its customer base. Over
the last ten years, the Company has performed dredging work in the Middle East, Africa, India, the Caribbean and Central and South America. Most recently, the Company has focused its efforts on opportunities in the Middle East and South America as
well as Australia, Southeast Asia and India. Dredging Demand Drivers 
 The Company believes that the following factors are important drivers of the demand for its dredging services: 

Deep port capital projects. Most U.S. ports have continual expansion plans that include deepening and widening in order to better compete
for international trade. International trade, particularly in the intermodal container shipping business, is undergoing significant change as a result of the Panama Canal expansion. Many shipping lines have announced plans to deploy larger
ships which, due to the channel dimension requirements, currently cannot use many U.S. ports. This is expected to put more pressure on 
 3 

Table of Contents 

U.S. ports such as Miami, Savannah and Charleston to deepen in order to remain competitive. In addition, the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach are resuming expansion efforts to remain
competitive with deepened East Coast ports. The Company believes that port deepening and expansion work authorized under current and future Water Resources Development Act WRDA legislation will provide significant opportunities for the
domestic dredging industry in the future. The annual bid market for deep port capital dredging over the prior three years averaged 148 million. 

Gulf coast restoration. There has been continued focus on restoring the barrier islands and wetlands that provide natural protection from storms
in the Gulf Coast area. Many restoration projects have commenced to repair coastal areas affected by Hurricane Katrina and the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. Several additional projects are being planned by state and local governments to restore
natural barriers to utilize funding established following the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. 

Substantial need for beach nourishment. Beach erosion is a continuous problem due to the normal ebb and flow of coastlines as well as the
effects of severe storm activity. Growing populations in coastal communities and vital beach tourism are drawing attention to the importance of protecting beach front assets. Over the past few years, both the federal government and state and local
entities have funded beach work. In 2011, the beach nourishment bid market was double the average bid market over the prior three years underscoring the substantial importance of these projects to individual communities. The annual bid market for
beach nourishment over the prior three years averaged 127 million. 

Required maintenance of U.S. ports. The channels and waterways leading to U.S. ports have stated depths on which shippers rely when
entering those ports. Due to naturally occurring sedimentation and severe weather, active channels require maintenance dredging to ensure that stated depths are at authorized levels. Consequently, the need to maintain channel depth creates a
recurring source of dredging work that is non-deferrable if optimal navigability is to be preserved. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (the Corps is responsible for federally funded projects related to navigation and flood control of
U.S. waterways. The federal government has provided an increase to the Corps budget for navigation for the 2012 fiscal year over prior years. Another increase for navigation in fiscal year 2013 has been proposed by the President s
administration, although final appropriations will rely on Congressional support for final passage. The maritime industry, including the ports, continues to advocate for Congressional efforts to ensure that a fully funded, recurring maintenance
program is in place. The annual bid market for maintenance dredging over the prior three years averaged 478 million. 

Need to maintain safe navigability of the U.S. river system . Over 630 million tons of cargo are transported via inland waterways each year.
As transportation by barge requires less energy, and therefore less cost, to move cargo than transportation by airplane, railcar or truck, many industries rely on safe navigability of U.S. inland waterways as a primary means to transport goods and
commodities such as coal, chemicals, petroleum, minerals, stones, metals and agricultural products. Natural sedimentation and other circumstances require that the inland waterway system be periodically dredged so that it can be used as intended. The
Corps recognizes the need to maintain the safe navigability of U.S. waterways. 

Increasing requirements for environmental services. Both our dredging and demolition businesses have experienced requests for handling
contaminated sediments and soils at project sites. The Environmental Protection Agency and several state agencies began to recognize the environmental hazards posed by stored industrial byproducts near waterways after a coal ash pond collapsed in
Kingston, Tennessee in 2008 and sent a billion gallons of hazardous sludge into the Emory River. The release of coal combustion residues or other regulated pollutants into major waterways require the use of environmental dredging to remove the
contaminated sediment. The capability to provide the environmental clean-up of not only the waterway, but also the processing of the contaminated sediment or any contaminated soil from other brownfield sites provides a targeted growth opportunity
for Great Lakes. 

Middle East market. In recent years, the Middle East has been one of the most dynamic markets for dredging services in the world. With the
substantial income from oil revenues and real estate expansion, these countries have been undergoing extensive infrastructure expansion. While the worldwide economic 
 4 

Table of Contents 

slowdown has resulted in reduced activity levels, the Company believes that the demand for infrastructure development will resume and present attractive future opportunities that suit the
Company s equipment in the region. 

Australia, Southeast Asia and India. Port traffic continues to surge in the developing markets throughout Southeast Asia and India. Advances in
economic output in conjunction with growing populations and greater prosperity are driving increased shipping needs. With this growth in marine traffic comes a need for additional port capacity and infrastructure improvement. Great Lakes is
investing resources in these markets and expects to see an increased demand for the Company s dredging for upcoming port expansion. Within the same region, Great Lakes has committed vessels to create new berths for liquid natural gas LNG terminals being developed. Abundant energy resources from the west coast of Australia need dredging services to accommodate new terminals that will ship LNG to the industrial regions needing a source of clean and safe energy. Less
reliance on coal and nuclear energy in Asian countries further the need for LNG. Great Lakes expects a continued source of dredging opportunities from the entire Australia, Southeast Asia and India region. 
 Demolition Operations (approximately 17 of 2011 total revenues) NASDI, along with its sister company Yankee, is a major U.S. provider of commercial and industrial demolition services. Historically, the majority of NASDI s work was performed in the New England
area. Through increased collaboration with Great Lakes other lines of business, NASDI recently expanded into the New York area and marine demolition markets, specifically, bridge demolition. NASDI s core business is exterior and interior
demolition. Exterior demolition involves the complete dismantling and demolition of structures and foundations. Interior demolition involves removing specific structures within a building. The aforementioned bridge demolition involves dismantling
and disposal of aged or failing bridges. Bridge demolition contains several complex engineering tasks such as maneuvering around existing traffic flow, containment of hazardous materials contained in the bridge materials and removal of extended
spans, frequently over water. Other business activities include site development, the removal of asbestos and other hazardous materials, and the ability to remediate contaminated demolition materials. NASDI is one of a few providers in New England
with the required licenses, operating expertise, equipment fleet and access to bonding to execute larger, complex industrial demolition projects. Joint Ventures Amboy Aggregates. The Company and a New Jersey
aggregates company each own 50 of Amboy Aggregates, or Amboy. Amboy was formed in December 1984 to mine sand from the entrance channel to New York Harbor to provide sand and aggregate for use in road and building construction and for clean land
fill. Amboy also imports stone from upstate New York and Nova Scotia and distributes it throughout the New York area. The Company s dredging expertise and its partner s knowledge of the aggregate market form the basis for the joint
venture. Amboy is one of the only East Coast aggregate producers to mine sand from the ocean floor. Amboy has a specially
designed dredge for sand mining, de-watering and dry delivery. No other vessel of this type operates in the U.S. Amboy s ocean-based supply of sand provides a long-term competitive advantage in the Northeast as land-based sand deposits are
depleted or rendered less cost competitive by escalating land values. Mining operations are performed pursuant to permits granted to Amboy by the federal government and the states of New York and New Jersey. 
 TerraSea Environmental Solutions. The Company and a European based remediation company each own 50 of TerraSea Environmental
Solutions, a remediation business. TerraSea provides water and land based environmental services in the area of clean up and remediation of sediments, soil and groundwater for both marine and land based projects. The joint venture was established to
capitalize on the expertise of the two equal partners for projects in the United States offering optimally engineered global solutions for environmental cleanup needs. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Customers Dredging The dredging industry s customers include federal,
state and local governments, foreign governments and both domestic and foreign private concerns, such as utilities and oil companies. Most dredging projects are competitively bid, with the award going to the lowest qualified bidder. Customers
generally have few economical alternatives to dredging services. The Corps is the largest dredging customer in the U.S. and has responsibility for federally funded projects related to navigation and flood control. In addition, the U.S. Coast Guard
and the U.S. Navy are responsible for awarding federal contracts with respect to their own facilities. In 2011, approximately 56 of the Company s dredging revenues were generated from approximately 53 different contracts with federal agencies
or third parties operating under contracts with federal agencies. Foreign governments requiring infrastructure development
are the primary dredging customers in international markets. Approximately 9 of the Company s 2011 dredging revenues were earned from contracts with the government of Bahrain or entities supported by the government of Bahrain. 
 Demolition 
 Demolition customers include general contractors, corporations that commission projects, non-profit institutions such as universities and
hospitals, and local government and municipal agencies. This segment benefits from key relationships with certain customers in the general contracting and public infrastructure industries. The majority of the segment s demolition services are
concentrated in New England, however approximately 22 of the segment s backlog consists of a single demolition project in New York. In 2011, one of NASDI s customers was responsible for approximately 24 and another customer was
responsible for 17 of NASDI s annual revenues; however, the loss of either customer would not have a material adverse effect on Great Lakes as a whole. Bidding Process Dredging 
 Most of the Company s dredging contracts are obtained through competitive bidding on terms specified by the party inviting the bid.
The types of equipment required to perform the specified service and the estimated project duration affect the cost of performing the contract and the price that dredging contractors will bid. 
 For contracts under its jurisdiction, the Corps typically prepares a fair and reasonable cost estimate based on the specifications of the
project. To be successful, a bidder must be determined by the Corps to be a responsible bidder (i.e., a bidder that generally has the necessary equipment and experience to successfully complete the project as well as the ability to obtain a
surety bid bond) and submit the lowest responsive bid that does not exceed 125 of the Corps original estimate. Contracts for state and local governments are generally awarded to the lowest qualified bidder. Contracts for private customers are
awarded based on the contractor s experience, equipment and schedule, as well as price. While substantially all of the Company s dredging contracts are competitively bid, some government contracts are awarded through a sole source
procurement process involving negotiation between the contractor and the government, while other projects are bid by the Corps through a request for proposal process. The request for proposal process benefits both Great Lakes and its
customers as customers can award contracts based on factors beyond price, including experience and skill. Demolition
 The demolition segment negotiates the majority of its demolition contracts, but the segment is participating to a
greater extent with competitively bid municipal work projects. This segment frequently receives revenues from change orders on existing contracts. NASDI has established a network of local contacts with developers and prime contractors that act as
referral sources and enable NASDI to procure demolition jobs on a sole-source 
 6 

Table of Contents 

basis. When the demolition segment bids on a project, it evaluates the contract specifications and develops a cost estimate to which it adds a reasonable margin. While there are numerous
competitors in the demolition services market, NASDI benefits from its size, relationships and reputation. Therefore, there are occasions where NASDI is not the lowest bidder on a contract, but is still awarded the project based on its reputation
and qualifications. Bonding and Foreign Project Guarantees Dredging For most domestic projects and some foreign projects,
dredging service providers are required to obtain three types of bonds: bid bonds, performance bonds and payment bonds. These bonds are typically provided by large insurance companies. A bid bond is required to serve as a guarantee that if a service
provider s bid is chosen, the service provider will sign the contract. The amount of the bond is typically 20 of the service provider s bid, with a range generally between 1 and 10 million. After a contract is signed, the bid bond is
replaced by a performance bond, the purpose of which is to guarantee that the job will be completed. If the service provider fails to complete a job, the bonding company would be required to complete the job and would be entitled to be paid the
contract price directly by the customer. Additionally, the bonding company would be entitled to be paid by the service provider for any costs incurred in excess of the contract price. A service provider s ability to obtain performance bonds
with respect to a particular contract depends upon the size of the contract, as well as the size of the service provider and its financial position. A payment bond is required to protect the service provider s suppliers and subcontractors in
the event that the service provider cannot make timely payments. Payment bonds are generally written at 100 of the contract value. In September 2011, Great Lakes entered into a new bonding agreement with Zurich American Insurance Company Zurich under which the Company can obtain performance, bid and payment bonds. Great
Lakes has never experienced difficulty in obtaining bonding for any of its projects; and Great Lakes has never failed to complete a marine project in its 121 year history. Great Lakes is using Zurich for all bonding requirements. The previous
bonding agreement with Travelers Casualty and Surety Company of America Travelers will remain in place until outstanding bonds expire as the projects underlying the bonds are completed. Pursuant to the existing bonding agreement,
Travelers has been granted a security interest in a substantial portion of the Company s operating equipment as collateral for the Company s obligations to Travelers under its bonding agreement. 
 For most foreign dredging projects, letters of credit or bank guarantees issued by foreign banks are required as security for the bid,
performance and, if applicable, advance payment guarantees. The Company obtains its letters of credit under its credit agreement or its separate facility which is supported by the Export-Import Bank of the United States Ex-Im Bank under Ex-Im Bank s Working Capital Guarantee Program. Foreign bid guarantees are usually 2 to 5 of the service provider s bid. Foreign performance and advance payment guarantees are each typically 5 to 10 of the contract value.
 Demolition The demolition segment contracts with both private, non-government customers and governmental entities. In general, it is not required to secure bonding for projects with non-governmental customers but is
required to secure bonding for projects with governmental entities. When the demolition segment does have bonding requirements, the bonds are also provided by Zurich. Competition Dredging 
 The U.S. dredging industry is highly fragmented with approximately 250 entities in the U.S. presently operating more than 850 dredges,
primarily in maintenance dredging. Most of these dredges are smaller and service the inland, as opposed to coastal, waterways, and therefore, do not generally compete with Great Lakes except in our rivers lakes market. Competition is
determined by the size and complexity of the job; equipment, 
 7 

Table of Contents 

bonding and certification requirements; and government regulations. Great Lakes and three other companies comprised approximately 78 of the Company s defined bid market related to domestic
capital, beach nourishment and maintenance over the prior three years. The foregoing percentage excludes work in the rivers lakes market. Within the Company s bid market, competition is determined primarily on the basis of price. In
addition, the Foreign Dredge Act of 1906, or Dredging Act , and Section 27 of the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, or Jones Act , provide significant barriers to entry with respect to foreign competition. Together these two
laws prohibit foreign-built, chartered or operated vessels from competing in the U.S. See Business Government Regulations below. Great Lakes competes with several smaller competitors in the domestic rivers and lakes market. Competition is determined primarily based on the basis of geographic reach, project execution capability and
price. Competition in the international market is dominated by four large European dredging companies all of which operate
larger equipment and fleets that are more extensive than the Company s. The Company targets opportunities that are well suited to its equipment and where it can be most competitive. Most recently, the Company has focused on opportunities in the
Middle East where the Company has cultivated close customer relationships and has pursued contracts compatible with the size of the Company s vessels. Demolition The U.S. demolition and related services industry is
highly fragmented and is comprised mostly of small regional companies. Unlike many of its competitors, NASDI is able to perform both small and larger, more complex projects. NASDI competes in the demolition and related services industry primarily on
the basis of its experience, reputation, equipment, key client relationships and price. Equipment 
 Dredging Great
Lakes fleet of dredges, material barges and other specialized equipment is the largest and most diverse in the U.S. The Company operates three principal types of dredging equipment: hopper dredges, hydraulic dredges and mechanical dredges.
 Hopper Dredges . Hopper dredges are typically self-propelled and have the general appearance of an ocean-going
vessel. The dredge has hollow hulls, or hoppers, into which material is suctioned hydraulically through drag-arms. Once the hoppers are filled, the dredge sails to the designated disposal site and either (i) bottom dumps the
material or (ii) pumps the material from the hoppers through a pipeline to a designated site. Hopper dredges can operate in rough waters, are less likely than other types of dredges to interfere with ship traffic, and can be relocated quickly
from one project to another. Hopper dredges primarily work on beach and maintenance projects. Hydraulic
Dredges . Hydraulic dredges remove material using a revolving cutterhead which cuts and churns the sediment on the channel or ocean floor and hydraulically pumps the material by pipe to the disposal location. These dredges are very powerful
and can dredge some types of rock. Certain dredged materials can be directly pumped as far as seven miles with the aid of a booster pump. Hydraulic dredges work with an assortment of support equipment, which help with the positioning and movement of
the dredge, handling of the pipelines and the placement of the dredged material. Great Lakes operates the only two large electric hydraulic dredges in the U.S., which makes the Company particularly competitive in markets with stringent emissions
standards, such as California and Houston. Unlike hopper dredges, relocating hydraulic dredges and all their ancillary equipment requires specialized vessels and additional time and their operations can be impacted by ship traffic and rough waters.
There is a wide distribution of hydraulic dredges from our smaller rivers lakes vessels that use pipe sizes ranging from 10 to 22 and operate at between 365 and 3,200 total horsepower, while the Company s other hydraulic
dredges use pipe sizes ranging from 18 to 36 and operate at between 1,900 and 20,300 total horsepower. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Mechanical Dredges . There are two basic types of mechanical dredges operating in
the U.S.: clamshell and backhoe. In both types, the dredge uses a bucket to excavate material from the channel or ocean floor. The dredged material is placed by the bucket into material barges, or scows, for transport to the designated
disposal area. The scows are emptied by bottom-dumping, direct pump-out or removal by a crane with a bucket. Mechanical dredges are capable of removing hard-packed sediments, blasted rock and debris and can work in tight areas such as along docks or
terminals. Clamshell dredges with specialized buckets are ideally suited to handle material requiring environmentally controlled disposal. The Company has the largest fleet of material barges in the domestic industry, which provides cost advantages
when dredged material is required to be disposed far offshore or when material requires controlled disposal. Additionally, the Company owns an electric clamshell dredge which provides an advantage in those markets with stringent emissions standards.
 In addition, the Company has numerous pieces of smaller equipment that support its dredging operations. Great Lakes 
domestic dredging fleet is typically positioned on the East and Gulf Coasts, with a smaller number of vessels occasionally positioned on the West Coast, and with many of the rivers lakes dredges on inland rivers and lakes. The mobility of
the fleet enables the Company to move equipment in response to changes in demand. Great Lakes fleet also includes vessels currently positioned in the Middle East. The Company currently estimates the replacement cost of its entire fleet to be
in excess of 1.5 billion. The Company continually assesses its need to upgrade and expand its dredging fleet to take
advantage of improving technology and to address the changing needs of the dredging market. The Company is also committed to preventive maintenance, which it believes is reflected in the long lives of most if its equipment and its low level of
unscheduled downtime on jobs. To the extent that market conditions warrant the expenditures, Great Lakes can prolong the useful life of its vessels indefinitely. Demolition The demolition segment owns and operates specialized
demolition equipment, including a fleet of excavators equipped with shears, pulverizers, processors, grapples, and hydraulic hammers that provide high-capacity processing of construction and demolition debris for recycling, reclamation and disposal.
NASDI also owns and maintains a large number of skid-steer loaders, heavy-duty large-capacity loaders, cranes, recycling crushers, off-highway hauling units and a fleet of tractor-trailers for transporting equipment and materials to and from job
sites. NASDI rents additional equipment on a project-by-project basis, which allows NASDI flexibility to adjust costs to the level of project activity. Equipment Certification Certification of equipment by the U.S. Coast Guard
and establishment of the permissible loading capacity by the American Bureau of Shipping A.B.S. are important factors in the Company s dredging business. Many projects, such as beach nourishment projects with offshore sand borrow
sites and dredging projects in exposed entrance channels or with offshore disposal areas, are restricted by federal regulations to be performed only by dredges or scows that have U.S. Coast Guard certification and a load line established by the
A.B.S. The certifications indicate that the dredge is structurally capable of operating in open waters. The Company has more certified dredging vessels than any of the Company s domestic competitors and makes substantial investments to maintain
these certifications. Seasonality Seasonality does not generally have a significant impact on the Company s dredging operations. However, many East Coast beach nourishment projects are limited by environmental windows that require
work to be performed in winter months to protect wildlife habitats. The Company can mitigate the impact of these environmental restrictions to a certain extent because the Company has the flexibility to reposition its equipment to project sites, if
available, that are not limited by these restrictions. In addition, rivers and lakes in the northern U.S. freeze during the winter, significantly reducing the Company s ability to operate and transport its equipment in the relevant geographies.
Fish spawning and flooding can effect dredging operations as well. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s demolition operations are not significantly impacted by seasonality.
 Weather The
Company s ability to perform its contracts may depend on weather conditions. Inclement weather can delay the completion of a project, thereby causing the Company to incur additional costs. As part of bidding on fixed price contracts, the
Company makes allowances, consistent with historical weather data, for project downtime due to adverse weather conditions. In the event that the Company experiences adverse weather beyond these allowances, a project may require additional days to
complete, resulting in additional costs and decreased gross profit margins. Conversely, favorable weather can accelerate the completion of the project, resulting in cost savings and increased gross profit margins. Typically, Great Lakes is exposed
to significant weather in the first and fourth quarters, and certain projects are required to be performed in environmental windows that occur during these periods. See Business-Seasonality above. 
 Weather is difficult to predict and historical records exist for only the last 100-125 years. Changes in weather patterns may cause a
deviation from project weather allowances on a more frequent basis and consequently increase or decrease gross profit margin, as applicable, on a project-by-project basis. In a typical year, the Company works on many projects in multiple geographic
locations and experiences both positive and negative deviations from project weather allowances. Accordingly, it is unlikely that future climate change will have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. 
 Backlog The
Company s contract backlog represents its estimate of the revenues that will be realized under the portion of the contracts remaining to be performed. For dredging contracts these estimates are based primarily upon the time and costs required
to mobilize the necessary assets to and from the project site, the amount and type of material to be dredged and the expected production capabilities of the equipment performing the work. For demolition contracts, these estimates are based on the
time and remaining costs required to complete the project, relative to total estimated project costs and project revenues agreed to with the customer. However, these estimates are necessarily subject to variances based upon actual circumstances.
Because of these factors, as well as factors affecting the time required to complete each job, backlog is not always indicative of future revenues or profitability. In addition, a significant amount of the Company s dredging backlog relates to
federal government contracts, which can be canceled at any time without penalty, subject to the Company s right, in some cases, to recover the Company s actual committed costs and profit on work performed up to the date of cancellation. In
addition, the Company s backlog may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter based upon the type and size of the projects the Company is awarded from the bid market. A quarterly increase or decrease of the Company s backlog does not
necessarily result in an improvement or a deterioration of the Company s business. The Company s backlog includes only those projects for which the Company has obtained a signed contract with the customer. The components of the
Company s backlog and other related information are addressed in more detail in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Bidding Activity and Backlog. 
 Employees Dredging
 During 2011, the Company employed an average of 396 full-time salaried personnel in the U.S. In addition, the Company
employs U.S. hourly personnel, most of whom are unionized, on a project-by-project basis. Crews are generally available for hire on relatively short notice. During 2011, the Company employed a daily average of 560 hourly personnel to meet domestic
project requirements. In addition, at December 31, 2011, the Company employed approximately 25 expatriates, 27 foreign
nationals and 90 local staff to manage and administer its Middle East operations. During 2011, the Company also employed a daily average of 266 hourly personnel to meet project requirements in the Middle East. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Demolition At December 31, 2011, the demolition segment employed approximately 53 full-time salaried administrative employees, in addition to an average of 309 hourly employees pursuant to four union
agreements. The hourly employees are hired on a project-by-project basis and are generally available for hire on relatively short notice. 
 Safety Safety of its
employees is one of the highest priorities of Great Lakes. The Company promotes a safety culture committed to training, awareness and mutual responsibility for the wellbeing of workers. Accident prevention, safety and environmental protection have
top priority in the Company s business planning, in the overall conduct of its business, and in the operation and maintenance of its vessels and facilities. Unions The Company is a party to numerous collective bargaining agreements
in the U.S. that govern its relationships with its unionized hourly workforce. However, four primary agreements apply to approximately 65 of such employees. The Company s three contracts with Local 25 Operators Union for the northern, southern
and Gulf regions, representing approximately 43 of its unionized workforce, are set to expire in October 2012. The Company s collective bargaining agreement with Seafarers International Union expired in February 2012 and we have negotiated a
new agreement which is subject to ratification by its members. The Company has not experienced any major labor disputes in the past five years and believes it has good relationships with the unions that represent a significant number of its hourly
employees; however, there can be no assurances that the Company will not experience labor strikes or disturbances in the future. 
 Government Regulations 
 The Company is subject to government regulations pursuant to the Dredging Act, the Jones Act, the Shipping Act, 1916, or Shipping
Act , and the vessel documentation laws set forth in Chapter 121 of Title 46 of the United States Code. These statutes require vessels engaged in dredging in the navigable waters of the United States to be documented with a coastwise
endorsement, to be owned and controlled by U.S. citizens, to be manned by U.S. crews, and to be built in the United States. The U.S. citizen ownership and control standards require the vessel-owning entity to be at least 75 U.S. citizen owned and
prohibit the chartering of the vessel to any entity that does not meet the 75 U.S. citizen ownership test. Environmental Matters
 The Company s operations, facilities and vessels are subject to various environmental laws and regulations related
to, among other things: dredging operations; the disposal of dredged material; protection of wetlands; storm water and waste water discharges; demolition activities; asbestos removal; transportation and disposal of wastes and materials; air
emissions; and remediation of contaminated soil, sediments, surface water and groundwater. The Company is also subject to laws designed to protect certain marine species and habitats. Compliance with these statutes and regulations can delay
appropriation and/or performance of particular projects and increase related project costs. Non-compliance can also result in fines, penalties and claims by third parties seeking damages for alleged personal injury, as well as damages to property
and natural resources. Certain environmental laws such as the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act of 1980, and the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 impose strict and, under some circumstances joint and several, liability on owners and operators of facilities and vessels for investigation and remediation of releases and discharges of
regulated materials, and also impose liability for related damages to natural resources. The Company s past and ongoing operations involve the use and from time to time the release or discharge of regulated materials which could result in
liability under these and other environmental laws. The Company has remediated known releases and discharges as deemed necessary, but there can be no guarantee that additional costs will not be incurred if for example third party claims arise or new
conditions are discovered. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s projects may involve demolition, excavation, transportation, management
and disposal of hazardous waste and other regulated materials. Various laws strictly regulate the removal, treatment and transportation of hazardous water and other regulated materials and impose liability for human health effects and environmental
contamination caused by these materials. The Company s demolition business, for example, requires it to transport and dispose of hazardous substances and other wastes, such as asbestos. The Company takes steps to limit its potential liability
by hiring qualified asbestos abatement subcontractors from time to time to remove such materials from our projects and some project contracts require the client to retain liability for hazardous waste generation. 
 Based on the Company s experience and available information, the Company believes that the future cost of compliance with existing
environmental laws and regulations (and liability for known environmental conditions) will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, the Company cannot
predict what environmental legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future, how existing or future laws or regulations will be enforced, administered or interpreted, or the amount of future expenditures that may be required to comply with
these environmental or health and safety laws or regulations or to respond to newly discovered conditions, such as future cleanup matters or other environmental claims. Executive Officers The following table sets forth the names and ages of
all of the Company s executive officers and the positions and offices presently held by them. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Jonathan W. Berger 
 
 53 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Bruce J. Biemeck 
 
 62 
 
 President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 David E. Simonelli 
 
 55 
 
 President of Dredging Operations 
 
 Kyle D. Johnson 
 
 50 
 
 Senior Vice President Operations 
 
 John F. Karas 
 
 50 
 
 Senior Vice President Estimating 
 
 Stephen E. Pegg 
 
 53 
 
 Senior Vice President Business Development 
 The annual appointment of each executive officer expires in May 2012. 
 Jonathan W. Berger, Chief Executive Officer Mr. Berger was named Chief Executive Officer in September 2010. Mr. Berger was a Partner in KPMG s Corporate Finance practice from 1991 through 1999 and was managing director and co-head of
Corporate Finance for Navigant Consulting, Inc., a New York Stock Exchange-listed consulting firm, from 2001 to 2009. Currently, Mr. Berger is a Director and Chair of the Audit and Compensation Committees of Boise, Inc. He is a Certified Public
Accountant and holds an M.B.A. from Emory University. Bruce J. Biemeck, President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Mr. Biemeck was named President and Chief Financial Officer in September 2010. Mr. Biemeck has deep institutional knowledge of
Great Lakes business, having served as the Company s Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer from 1991 to 1999. From April 1999 to September 2010, Mr. Biemeck was a private real estate investor and developer and
acted as an independent consultant. He received a Bachelor of Science degree from St. Louis University and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. He is a Certified Public Accountant. David E. Simonelli, President of Dredging Operations Mr. Simonelli
was named President of Dredging Operations in April 2010. Mr. Simonelli is responsible for the Operations Support Group which includes estimating, engineering, operations, plant and equipment and foreign operations. He was named a Vice
President of the Company in 2002 and Special Projects Manager in 
 12 

Table of Contents 

1996. He joined the Company in 1978 as a Field Engineer. Mr. Simonelli earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil and Environmental Engineering from the University of Rhode Island. He is a
member of the Hydrographic Society, the American Society of Civil Engineers and the Western Dredging Association. Kyle D. Johnson, Senior
Vice President Operations Mr. Johnson was named Senior Vice President in February 2009 and has been Chief
Contract Manager of the Company since 2006. He joined the Company in 1983 as a Mechanical Engineer and has since held positions of increasing responsibility in domestic and international engineering and operations, including Area Engineer, Special
Projects Manager and Manager of Production Engineering. Mr. Johnson was named Vice President in 2002. Mr. Johnson earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering from Purdue University and a Master s of Science degree in
Construction Engineering Management from Stanford University. John F. Karas, Senior Vice President Estimating
 Mr. Karas has been Senior Vice President of the company since February 2009. Previously, Mr. Karas served as a
Vice President since 2002, and was named Chief Estimator in 1992. Mr. Karas joined the Company in 1983 as a Project Engineer in the Hopper Division. Mr. Karas earned a Bachelor s degree in Finance from the University of Notre Dame and
is a member of the Western Dredging Association and the Association for the Advancement of Cost Engineering. Stephen E. Pegg, Senior Vice
President Business Development Mr. Pegg was named Senior Vice President of Business Development in March 2011
after rejoining the Company as a consultant in October of 2010, and served as President of NASDI from March 2011 to August 2011. Mr. Pegg had previously served the Company as Assistant Controller, and Director of Planning and Development from
1988 1992. From 1992 through 2007, Mr. Pegg served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for various industrial product companies including, in 2007, LGL Group, Inc., a manufacturing company that produces capital equipment and custom
electronic components. From 2008 until 2010, Mr. Pegg was an independent consultant. Mr. Pegg is a Certified Public Accountant, and he holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Illinois State University and an M.B.A. from Northwestern
University s Kellogg Graduate School of Management. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors The
following risk factors address the material risks and uncertainties concerning our business. You should carefully consider the following risks and other information contained or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K when
evaluating our business and financial condition and an investment in our common stock. Should any of the following risks or uncertainties develop into actual events, such developments could have material adverse effects on our business,
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. We depend on our ability to continue to obtain federal government dredging
contracts, and are therefore impacted by the amount of government funding for dredging projects. A reduction in government funding for dredging contracts can reduce our revenues and profits. 
 A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from federal government dredging contracts. Revenues related to contracts with federal
agencies or companies operating under contracts with federal agencies and its percentage as a total of dredging revenue for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Federal government dredging revenue (in US 1,000) 

289,120 

367,320 

347,923 

Percent of dredging revenue from federal government 

56 

60 

61 

13 

Table of Contents 

 Amounts spent by the federal government on dredging are subject to the budgetary and
legislative processes. We would expect the federal government to continue to improve and maintain ports as it has for many years, which will necessitate a certain level of federal spending. However, there can be no assurance that the federal
government will allocate any particular amount or level of funds to be spent on dredging for any specified period. In addition, federal government contracts can be canceled at any time without penalty to the government, subject to our contractual
right to recover our actual committed costs and profit on work performed up to the date of cancellation. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the federal government will not cancel any federal government contracts that have been or are
awarded to us. A material reduction in government funding for dredging contracts could materially reduce our revenues and profits. Most
of our dredging contracts are fixed-price contracts pursuant to which we charge a fixed price per unit of material dredged. If we are unable to accurately estimate our costs to complete our projects, our profitability could suffer.
 Most dredging contracts are fixed-price contracts where the customer pays a fixed price per unit (e.g., cubic yard)
of material dredged. Fixed-price dredging contracts carry inherent risks, including risks of losses from underestimating costs, operational difficulties and other changes that sometimes occur over the contract period. One of the more significant
factors that can adversely affect the profitability of a dredging project is inclement or hazardous weather conditions that exceed our estimates. Such an event can result in substantial delays in performance time and cause additional contract
expenses. In addition, most of our demolition contracts are fixed-price contracts where the customer pays a fixed price for our performance under the contract. Fixed-price demolition contracts carry similar risks to our fixed-price dredging
contracts. If we were to significantly underestimate the costs on one or more significant contracts, the resulting losses could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. 
 Our quarterly operating results may vary significantly. Our quarterly results of operations have fluctuated in the past and may continue to fluctuate in the future. Accordingly, you should not rely on the results of any past quarter or quarters as an
indication of future performance in our business operations or valuation of our stock. Our operating results could vary greatly from quarter to quarter due to factors such as: 

inclement or hazardous weather conditions that may result in underestimated delays in dredging and additional contract expenses;

unplanned equipment downtime; 

environmental restrictions requiring that certain projects be performed in winter months to protect wildlife habitats; and

equipment mobilization to and from projects. If our results of operations from quarter to quarter fail to meet the expectations of public market analysts and investors, our stock price could be negatively impacted. See Item 7.
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Primary Factors that Determine Operating Profitability. Our use of the percentage-of-completion method of accounting could result in a change in previously recorded revenue and profit. 
 We recognize contract revenue using the percentage-of-completion method. The majority of our work is performed on a fixed-price basis.
Contract revenue is accrued based on engineering estimates for the physical percent complete for dredging and estimates of remaining costs to complete for demolition. We use accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for
accounting policies relating to our use of the percentage-of-completion method, estimating costs, revenue recognition, combining and segmenting contracts 
 14 

Table of Contents 

and change order/claim recognition. Percentage-of-completion accounting relies on the use of estimates in the process of determining income earned. The cumulative impact of revisions to estimates
is reflected in the period in which these changes are experienced or become known. Given the risks associated with the variables in these types of estimates, it is possible for actual costs to vary from estimates previously made, which may result in
reductions or reversals of previously recorded net revenues and profits. We are subject to risks related to our international dredging
operations. Revenue from foreign contracts and its percentage to total dredging revenue for the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Foreign revenue (in US 1,000) 

77,232 

82,898 

134,123 

Percent of dredging revenue from foreign countries 

15 

14 

23 
 
 International operations subject us to additional potential risks, including: 

uncertainties concerning import and export license requirements, tariffs and other trade barriers; 

political and economic instability; 

reduced Middle Eastern demand as a result of fluctuations in the price of oil, the primary export in the Middle East; 

restrictions on repatriating foreign profits back to the United States; 

difficulties in enforcing agreements through certain foreign legal systems; 

requirements of, and changes in, foreign laws, policies and regulations; 

difficulties in staffing and managing international operations without additional expense; 

taxation issues; 

greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection and longer collection periods; 

compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; 

difficulty in enforcing our contractual rights; 

currency fluctuations; 

logistical and communication challenges; and 

improperly insured political, cultural and economic uncertainties, including acts of terrorism, civil unrest, war or other armed conflict.
 In addition, our international operations are subject to U.S. and other laws and regulations regarding
operations in foreign jurisdictions. These numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include anti-competition laws, anti-corruption laws, tax laws, immigration laws and accounting requirements. Given the high level of complexity of
these laws and despite the existence of our corporate compliance program, there is a risk that some provisions may be inadvertently breached, for example through fraudulent or negligent behavior of individual employees, or failure to comply with
certain formal documentation requirements or otherwise. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on
our ability to operate in one or more countries, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 One customer currently accounts for a significant portion of our international revenue.
 Revenue from contracts with the government of Bahrain and entities with which it does business and its percentage to total foreign
dredging revenue for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Bahrain government dredging revenue (in US 1,000) 

47,311 

55,399 

126,026 

Percent of foreign dredging revenue from the Bahrain government 

61 

67 

94 
 
 Revenue from foreign projects over the last three years has been concentrated in Bahrain and primarily
with the government of Bahrain. The contraction in the Middle East real estate market has slowed the rate of the region s infrastructure development. If the government of Bahrain further curtails its infrastructure investment or diversifies its
use of dredging vendors, our revenue from this customer could decline further. In February and March 2011, Bahrain
experienced civil unrest that could result in governmental instability. In response thereto, the government of Bahrain has instituted several measures, including a national curfew, that have impacted (although not materially to date) our ability to
execute on projects in Bahrain. It is uncertain whether this civil unrest will continue, whether the current protests and other activities will lead to any meaningful government changes, and what additional restrictions, if any, the Bahrain
government will establish. If the government changes, these measures are sustained, or additional restrictions are established, our Bahrain dredging operations, including the value of our assets related to such operations, may be adversely affected.
In addition, it is uncertain if current events in Bahrain will alter the government s plans for infrastructure investment. There
are integration and consolidation risks associated with the Matteson acquisition. Future acquisitions may result in significant transaction expenses, unexpected liabilities and risks associated with entering new markets, and we may be unable to
profitably operate these businesses. On December 31, 2010, we acquired Matteson. As part of our growth strategy,
we may acquire additional companies that expand, complement, or diversify our business. We regularly review various opportunities and periodically engage in discussions regarding possible acquisitions. The Matteson acquisition and future
acquisitions may expose us to operational challenges and risks, including risks associated with entering new markets, diversion of management s attention from our existing business, failure to retain key personnel or customers of any acquired
business, assumption of unknown liabilities of the acquired business for which there are inadequate reserves and potential impairment of acquired intangible assets. Although such risks and challenges have not yet arisen in connection with the
Matteson acquisition, we may not have the appropriate management, financial or other resources needed to integrate any businesses that we acquire. Any future acquisitions may result in significant transaction expenses and unexpected liabilities.
 The amount of our estimated backlog is subject to change and not necessarily indicative of future revenues. 
 Our contract backlog represents our estimate of the revenues that we will realize under the portion of the contracts remaining to be
performed. For dredging contracts these estimates are based primarily upon the time and costs required to mobilize the necessary assets to and from the project site, the amount and type of material to be dredged and the expected production
capabilities of the equipment performing the work. For demolition contracts, these estimates are based on the time and remaining costs required to complete the project relative to total estimated project costs and project revenues agreed to with the
customer. However, these estimates are necessarily subject to variances based upon actual circumstances. Because of these factors, as well as factors affecting the time required to complete each job, backlog is not necessarily indicative of future
revenues or 
 16 

Table of Contents 

profitability. In addition, a significant amount of our dredging backlog (74 in 2011) relates to federal government contracts, which can be canceled at any time without penalty to the
government, subject to our contractual right to recover our actual committed costs and profit on work performed up to the date of cancellation. Below is our dredging backlog from federal government contracts as of December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009 and the percentage of those contracts to total backlog as of the same date. The amount of our
federal government dredging backlog at December 31, 2011 and 2010 includes amounts acquired in connection with the Matteson acquisition. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Federal government dredging backlog (in US 1,000) 

234,830 

141,411 

309,571 

Percent of dredging backlog from federal government 

74 

50 

85 
 
 If we fail to comply with government contracting regulations, our revenue could suffer. 
 Our contracts with federal, state and local governmental customers are subject to various procurement regulations and other contract
provisions. Serious violations of government contracting regulations could result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments and fines and suspension
from future government contracting. If we are suspended from government work for any reason, we could suffer a material reduction in revenue and cash flows. In addition, we may be subject to litigation brought by private individuals on behalf of the government relating to our government contracts, referred to in this annual report as qui
tam actions, which could include claims for up to treble damages. Qui tam actions are sealed by the court at the time of filing. The only parties privy to the information in the complaint are the complainant, the U.S. government and
the court. Therefore, it is possible that qui tam actions have been filed against us and that we are not aware of such actions or have been ordered by the court not to discuss them until the seal is lifted. Thus, it is possible that we are
subject to liability exposure for qui tam actions. We have indebtedness, which makes us more vulnerable to adverse economic and
competitive conditions. As of December 31, 2011, we had indebtedness of 255 million consisting of 250 million
of senior subordinated notes and 5.0 million for a note issued as part of the Matteson acquisition. Our debt could: 

require us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow
to fund working capital and capital expenditures, pay dividends and other general corporate purposes; 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industries; 

affect our competitiveness compared to our less leveraged competitors; 

increase our exposure to both general and industry-specific adverse economic conditions; and 

limit, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds. If we are unable, in the future, to obtain bonding or letters of credit for our dredging contracts, our ability to obtain future dredging contracts will be limited, thereby adversely affecting our
business. We, like all dredging and demolition service providers and other contractors, are generally required to
post bonds in connection with our domestic dredging contracts and bonds or letters of credit with our foreign dredging contracts to ensure job completion if we ever fail to finish a project. We have entered into a bonding agreement with Zurich,
pursuant to which Zurich acts as surety, issues bid bonds, performance bonds and payment bonds, and provides guarantees required by us in the day-to-day operations of our dredging business. However, under
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

certain circumstances as specified in the agreement, Zurich is not obligated under the bonding agreement to issue future bonds for us. Historically, we have had a strong bonding capacity but,
under standard terms in the surety market, surety companies issue bonds on a project-by-project basis and can decline to issue bonds at any time or require the posting of collateral as a condition to issuing any bonds. 
 With respect to our foreign dredging business, we generally obtain letters of credit under our senior credit facility and a separate
facility which is supported by Ex-Im under Ex-Im s Working Capital Guarantee Program. However, the amount of letters of credit under these facilities is limited. In addition, access to our senior credit facility and the Ex-Im facility may be
limited by failure to meet certain financial requirements or other defined requirements. If we are unable to obtain bonds or letters of credit, our ability to take on future work would be severely limited. 
 Our business would be adversely affected if we failed to comply with the Jones Act provisions on coastwise trade, or if those provisions were
modified or repealed. We are subject to the Jones Act and other federal laws that restrict dredging in U.S. waters
and maritime transportation between points in the United States to vessels operating under the U.S. flag, built in the United States, at least 75 owned and operated by U.S. citizens and manned by U.S. crews. We are responsible for monitoring the
ownership of our common stock to ensure compliance with these laws. If we do not comply with these restrictions, we would be prohibited from operating our vessels in the U.S. market, and under certain circumstances we would be deemed to have
undertaken an unapproved foreign transfer, resulting in severe penalties, including permanent loss of U.S. dredging rights for our vessels, fines or forfeiture of the vessels. In the past, interest groups have unsuccessfully lobbied Congress to modify or repeal the Jones Act to facilitate foreign flag competition for trades and cargoes currently reserved for U.S. flag vessels
under the Jones Act. We believe that continued efforts may be made to modify or repeal the Jones Act or other federal laws currently benefiting U.S. flag vessels. If these efforts are ever successful, it could result in significantly increased
competition and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Our common
stock is subject to restrictions on foreign ownership. We are subject to government regulations pursuant to the
Dredging Act, the Jones Act, the Shipping Act and the vessel documentation laws set forth in Chapter 121 of Title 46 of the United States Code. These statutes require vessels engaged in the transport of merchandise or passengers or dredging in
the navigable waters of the U.S. to be owned and controlled by U.S. citizens. The U.S. citizenship ownership and control standards require the vessel-owning entity to be at least 75 U.S.-citizen owned. Our certificate of incorporation contains
provisions limiting non-citizenship ownership of our capital stock. If our board of directors determines that persons who are not citizens of the U.S. own more than 22.5 of our outstanding capital stock or more than 22.5 of our voting power, we
may redeem such stock. The required redemption price could be materially different from the current price of our common stock or the price at which the non-citizen acquired the common stock. If a non-citizen purchases our common stock, there can be
no assurance that he will not be required to divest the shares and such divestiture could result in a material loss. Such restrictions and redemption rights may make our equity securities less attractive to potential investors, which may result in
our common stock having a lower market price than it might have in the absence of such restrictions and redemption rights. Capital
expenditures and other costs necessary to operate and maintain our vessels tend to increase with the age of the vessel and may also increase due to changes in governmental regulations, safety or other equipment standards. 
 Capital expenditures and other costs necessary to operate and maintain our vessels tend to increase with the age of the vessel.
Accordingly, it is likely that the operating costs of our vessels will increase. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 The average age of our more significant vessels as of December 31, 2011, by equipment
type, is as follows: 

Type of Equipment 
 
 Quantity 

Average Age in Years 

Hydraulic Dredges 

20 

35 

Hopper Dredges 

8 

30 

Mechanical Dredges 

5 

36 

Unloaders 

2 

34 

Drillboats 

2 

35 

Material and Other Barges 

146 

31 

Total 

183 

32 

Remaining economic life has not been presented because it is not reasonably quantifiable because, to the
extent that market conditions warrant the expenditures, we can prolong the vessels lives indefinitely. We operate in an industry where a significant portion of competitors equipment is of a similar age. It is common in the dredging
industry to make maintenance and capital expenditures in order to extend the economic life of equipment. In addition, changes
in governmental regulations, safety or other equipment standards, as well as compliance with standards imposed by maritime self-regulatory organizations and customer requirements or competition, may require us, along with others in our industry, to
make additional expenditures. For example, if the U.S. Coast Guard enacts new standards, we may be required to incur expenditures for alterations or the addition of new equipment (e.g. more fuel efficient engines). Other new standard requirements
could be significant and would affect other industry participants as well. In order to satisfy any such requirement, we may need to take our vessels out of service for extended periods of time, with corresponding losses of revenues. 
 We may experience equipment or mechanical failures, which could increase costs, reduce revenues and result in penalties for failure to meet project
completion requirements. The successful execution of contracts requires a high degree of reliability of our vessels,
barges and equipment. The average age of our fleet as of December 31, 2011 was 32 years. Breakdowns not only add to the costs of executing a project, but they can also delay the completion of subsequent contracts, which are scheduled to
utilize the same assets. We operate a scheduled maintenance program in order to keep all assets in good working order, but despite this, breakdowns can and do occur. Environmental regulations could force us to incur capital and operational costs. Our industry, and more specifically, our operations, facilities and vessels, are subject to various environmental laws and regulations relating to, among other things: dredging operations; the disposal of
dredged material; protection of wetlands; storm water and waste water discharges; demolition activities; asbestos removal; transportation and disposal of wastes and other regulated materials; air emissions; and remediation of contaminated soil,
sediments, surface water and groundwater. We, and others who participate in the marine industry, are also subject to laws designed to protect certain marine species and habitats. Compliance with these statutes and regulations can delay permitting
and/or performance of particular projects and increase related project costs. These delays and increased costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows. Non-compliance can also result in fines, penalties and
claims by third parties seeking damages for alleged personal injury, as well as damages to property and natural resources. 
 Certain environmental laws such as the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 and the Oil
Pollution Act of 1990 impose strict and, under some circumstances, joint and several, liability on owners and operators of facilities and vessels for investigation and remediation of releases and discharges of regulated materials, and also impose
liability for related damages to natural resources. Our past 
 19 

Table of Contents 

and ongoing operations involve the use and from time to time the release or discharge of regulated materials which could result in liability under these and other environmental laws. We have
remediated known releases and discharges as deemed necessary, but there can be no guarantee that additional costs will not be incurred if, for example, third party claims arise or new conditions are discovered. 
 Our projects may involve demolition, excavation, transportation, management and disposal of hazardous waste and other regulated
materials. Various laws strictly regulate the removal, treatment and transportation of hazardous waste and other regulated materials and impose liability for human health effects and environmental contamination caused by these materials. Our
demolition business, for example, requires us to transport and dispose of hazardous substances and other wastes, such as asbestos. Services rendered in connection with hazardous substance and material removal and site development may involve
professional judgments by licensed experts about the nature of soil conditions and other physical conditions, including the extent to which hazardous substances and materials are present, and about the probable effect of procedures to mitigate
problems or otherwise affect those conditions. If the judgments and the recommendations based upon those judgments are incorrect, we may be liable for resulting damages, which may be material. The failure of certain contractual protections to
protect us from incurring such liability, such as staying out of the ownership chain for hazardous waste and other regulated materials and securing indemnification obligations from our customers or subcontractors, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. Environmental requirements have generally
become more stringent over time, for example in the areas of air emissions controls for vessels and ballast treatment and handling. New or stricter enforcement of existing laws, the discovery of currently unknown conditions or accidental discharges
of regulated materials in the future could cause us to incur additional costs for environmental matters which might be significant. We
may be affected by market or regulatory responses to climate change. Increased concern about the potential impact of
greenhouse gases (GHG), such as carbon dioxide resulting from combustion of fossil fuels, on climate change has resulted in efforts to regulate their emission. For example, there is a growing consensus that new and additional regulations concerning
GHG emissions including cap and trade legislation may be enacted, which could result in increased compliance costs for us. Legislation, international protocols, regulation or other restrictions on GHG emissions could also affect our
customers. Such legislation or restrictions could increase the costs of projects for our customers or, in some cases, prevent a project from going forward, thereby potentially reducing the need for our services which could in turn have a material
adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. Additionally, in our normal course of operations, we use a significant amount of fossil fuels. The costs of controlling our GHG emissions or obtaining required emissions allowances in
response to any regulatory change in our industry could increase materially. Our business could suffer in the event of a work stoppage
by our unionized labor force. We are a party to numerous collective bargaining agreements in the U.S. that govern our
industry s relationships with our unionized hourly workforce. Specifically, four primary agreements apply to approximately 65 of these employees. Our three contracts with Local 25 Operators Union for the northern, southern and gulf regions,
representing approximately 43 of our unionized workforce, are set to expire in October 2012. Our agreement with Seafarers International Union expired in February 2012 and we have negotiated a new agreement which is subject to ratification by its
members. The inability to successfully renegotiate contracts with these unions as they expire, or any future strikes, employee slowdowns or similar actions by one or more unions could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate our
business. Our employees are covered by federal laws that may provide seagoing employees remedies for job-related claims in addition to
those provided by state laws. Substantially all of our seagoing employees are covered by provisions of the Jones Act
and general maritime law. These laws typically operate to make liability limits established by state workers compensation laws inapplicable to these employees and to permit these employees and their representatives to pursue actions against
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

employers for job-related injuries in federal or state courts. Because we are not generally protected by the limits imposed by state workers compensation statutes with respect to our
seagoing employees, we have greater exposure for claims made by these employees as compared to industries whose employees are not covered by these provisions. Our business is subject to significant operating risks and hazards that could result in damage or destruction to persons or property, which could result in losses or liabilities to us.
 The dredging and demolition businesses are generally subject to a number of risks and hazards, including
environmental hazards, industrial accidents, encountering unusual or unexpected geological formations, cave-ins below water levels, collisions, disruption of transportation services and flooding. These risks could result in damage to, or destruction
of, dredges, transportation vessels, other maritime structures and buildings, and could also result in personal injury, environmental damage, performance delays, monetary losses or legal liability to third parties. 
 Our current insurance coverage may not be adequate, and we may not be able to obtain insurance at acceptable rates, or at all. 
 We maintain various insurance policies, including hull and machinery, general liability and personal injury. We partially self-insure
risks covered by our policies. While we reserve for such losses for accounting purposes, we are not required to, and do not, specifically set aside funds for the self-insured portion of claims. At any given time, we are subject to multiple personal
injury claims and we maintain substantial loss accruals for these claims. Our insurance policies may not be adequate to protect us from liabilities that we incur in our business. We may not be able to obtain similar levels of insurance on reasonable
terms, or at all. Our inability to obtain such insurance coverage at acceptable rates or at all could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. 
 Our demolition business includes key customer relationships and our reputation in the Massachusetts construction market, both of which have been
developed and maintained primarily by our demolition employees. Loss of any of these elements could materially reduce our demolition revenues and profits. Demolition contracts are entered into on a project by project basis, so we do not have continuing contractual commitments with our demolition customers beyond the terms of the current contract. We benefit
from key relationships with certain general and construction contractors in the Massachusetts market but have transitioned these relationships to new management installed in 2011. We also benefit from our reputation in the Massachusetts market
developed over years of successfully performing on projects. Both of these aspects of the business were developed and are maintained primarily by the officers of NASDI. The inability to maintain relationships with these customers or obtain new
customers based on NASDI s reputation could reduce the revenue and profitability from demolition contracts. Our inability to retain certain executives could have a material adverse effect on our demolition segment s current customer
relationships and reputation. Delaware law and our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover that you may consider
favorable. The provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may deter, delay or prevent a third-party
from acquiring us. These provisions include: 

limitations on the ability of stockholders to amend our charter documents, including stockholder supermajority voting requirements;

the inability of stockholders to call special meetings; 

a classified board of directors with staggered three-year terms; 

advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors and for stockholder proposals; and 
 21 

Table of Contents 

the authority of our board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such terms as the board
of directors may determine and to issue additional shares of our common stock. We are also subject to the
protections of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prevents us from engaging in a business combination with a person who acquires at least 15 of our common stock for a period of three years from the date such person
acquired such common stock, unless board or stockholder approval was obtained. These provisions could have the effect of
delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company, discourage others from making tender offers for our shares, lower the market price of our stock or impede the ability of our stockholders to change our management, even if such
changes would be beneficial to our stockholders. Our stockholders may not receive dividends because of restrictions in our debt
agreements, Delaware law and state regulatory requirements. Our ability to pay dividends is restricted by the
agreements governing our debt, including our senior credit agreement, our bonding agreements and the indenture governing our senior unsecured notes. In addition, under Delaware law, our board of directors may not authorize payment of a dividend
unless it is either paid out of our surplus, as calculated in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law, or, if we do not have a surplus, it is paid out of our net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the
preceding fiscal year. To the extent we do not have adequate surplus or net profits, we will be prohibited from paying dividends. The
market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, and this may make it difficult for holders to resell our common stock when they want or at prices that they find attractive. 
 The price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market constantly changes. We expect that the market price of our common stock will
continue to fluctuate. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 

changes in market conditions; 

quarterly variations in our operating results; 

operating results that vary from the expectations of management, securities analysts and investors; 

changes in expectations as to our future financial performance; 

announcements of strategic developments, significant contracts, acquisitions and other material events by us or our competitors;

the operating and securities price performance of other companies that investors believe are comparable to us; 

future sales of our equity or equity-related securities; 

changes in the economy and the financial markets; 

departures of key personnel; 

changes in governmental regulations; and 

geopolitical conditions, such as acts or threats of terrorism, political instability, civil unrest or military conflicts. 
 In addition, in recent years, global stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a
significant effect on the market price of securities issued by many companies for reasons often unrelated to their operating performance. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our
operating results. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Adverse capital and credit market conditions may affect our ability to meet liquidity needs, access to
capital and cost of capital. The domestic and worldwide capital and credit markets have experienced and are
experiencing significant volatility, disruptions and dislocations with respect to price and credit availability. Should we need additional funds or to refinance our existing indebtedness, we may not be able to obtain such additional funds.
 We need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, interest on our debt and dividends on our capital stock. Without sufficient
liquidity, we will be forced to curtail our operations, and our business will suffer. The principal sources of our liquidity are cash flow from operations and borrowings under our senior credit facility. In the event these resources do not satisfy
our liquidity needs, we may have to seek additional financing. The availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, our credit
ratings and credit capacity, as well as the possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects if the level of our business activity decreased due to a market downturn. If
internal sources of liquidity prove to be insufficient, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms, or at all. The adoption and implementation of new statutory and regulatory requirements for derivative transactions could have an adverse impact on our ability to hedge risks associated with our business.
 We enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage the interest rate paid with respect to our fixed rate
indebtedness, foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge currency risk and heating oil commodity swap contracts to hedge the risk that fluctuations in diesel fuel prices will have an adverse impact on cash flows associated with our domestic
dredging contracts. The United States Congress has passed, and the President has signed into law, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Financial Reform Act ). The Financial Reform Act provides for new
statutory and regulatory requirements for derivative transactions, including foreign currency hedging transactions. The Financial Reform Act requires the Commodities Futures and Trading Commission to promulgate rules relating to the Financial Reform
Act. When the rules relating to the Financial Reform Act are established, we will assess the effect, if any, they will have on us. The rules adopted by the Commodities Futures and Trading Commission may in the future significantly reduce our ability
to execute strategic hedges to manage our interest expense and reduce our fuel commodity uncertainty and thus protect cash flows. In addition, the banks and other derivatives dealers who are our contractual counterparties will be required to comply
with the Financial Reform Act s new requirements, and the costs of their compliance will likely be passed on to customers such as ourselves, thus potentially decreasing the benefits to us of swap and hedging transactions and potentially
reducing our profitability. The current weakness in the economic environment and other factors could lead to our goodwill and other
intangible assets becoming impaired, which may require us to take significant non-cash charges against earnings. 
 Under current accounting guidelines, we must assess, at least annually and potentially more frequently, whether the value of our goodwill
and other intangible assets have been impaired. Any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of such analysis would result in a non-cash charge against earnings, which charge could materially adversely affect our reported net
income and our stock price. We test goodwill annually for impairment in the third quarter of each year, or more frequently should circumstances dictate. A significant and sustained decline in our future cash flows, a significant adverse change in
the economic environment, slower growth rates or our stock price falling below our net book value per share for a sustained period could result in the need to perform additional impairment analysis in future periods. If we were to conclude that a
future write-down of goodwill or other intangible assets is necessary, then we would be required to record a non-cash charge against earnings, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our reported net income and the book value of our
stockholders equity. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel and skilled labor, our ability to bid for and
successfully complete contracts may be negatively impacted. Our ability to attract and retain reliable, qualified
personnel is a significant factor that enables us to successfully bid for and profitably complete our work. This includes members of our management, project managers, estimators, supervisors, foremen, equipment operators and laborers. The loss of
the services of any of our management could have a material adverse effect on us. If we do not succeed in retaining our current key employees and attracting, developing and retaining new highly-skilled employees, our reputation may be harmed and our
operations and future earnings may be negatively impacted. We may not be able to maintain an adequate skilled labor force
necessary to operate efficiently and to support our growth strategy. We have from time-to time experienced, and may in the future experience, shortages of certain types of qualified equipment operating personnel. The supply of experienced engineers,
project managers, field supervisors and other skilled workers may not be sufficient to meet current or expected demand. If we are unable to hire employees with the requisite skills, we may also be forced to incur significant training expenses. The
occurrence of any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and value of our common stock. We may become liable for the obligations of our joint ventures, partners and subcontractors. Some of our projects are performed through joint ventures and similar arrangements with other parties. In addition to the usual liability of contractors for the completion of contracts and the warranty of
our work, where work is performed through a joint venture, we also have potential liability for the work performed by our joint ventures. In these projects, even if we satisfactorily complete our project responsibilities within budget, we may incur
additional unforeseen costs due to the failure of our joint ventures to perform or complete work in accordance with contract specifications. In some joint ventures and similar arrangements, we may not be the controlling partner. In these cases, we
may have limited control over the actions of the joint venture. In addition, these joint ventures may not be subject to the same requirements regarding internal controls and internal control over financial reporting that we follow. To the extent the
controlling partner makes decisions that negatively impact the joint venture or internal control problems arise within the joint venture, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
 We act as prime contractor on many of the projects we undertake. Depending on the nature of work required to complete the
project, we may choose to subcontract a portion of the project. In our industry, the prime contractor is normally responsible for the performance of the entire contract, including subcontract work. Thus, when acting as a prime contractor, we are
subject to the risk associated with the failure of one or more subcontractors to perform as anticipated. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties The Company
owns or leases the properties described below. The Company believes that its existing facilities are adequate for its operations. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Dredging The Company s headquarters are located at 2122 York Road, Oak Brook, Illinois 60523, with approximately 50,000 square feet of office space that it leases with a term expiring in 2019. As of
December 31, 2011 the Company owns or leases the following additional facilities: 

Location 
 
 Type of Facility 
 
 Size 
 
 Leased or Owned 

Staten Island, New York 
 
 Yard 

4.4 

Acres 
 
 Owned 
 
 Morgan City, Louisiana 
 
 Yard 

6.4 

Acres 
 
 Owned 
 
 Baltimore, Maryland 
 
 Yard 

4.2 

Acres 
 
 Leased 
 
 Green Cove Springs, Florida 
 
 Yard 

8.5 

Acres 
 
 Leased 
 
 Norfolk, Virginia 
 
 Yard 

5.0 

Acres 
 
 Leased 
 
 Kingwood, Texas 
 
 Office 

750 

Square feet 
 
 Leased 
 
 Burlington, Iowa 
 
 Office 

10,000 

Square feet 
 
 Leased 
 
 Burlington, Iowa 
 
 Storage 

4,000 

Square feet 
 
 Leased 
 
 Des Moines County, Iowa 
 
 Yard 

27.4 

Acres 
 
 Leased 
 
 Little Rock, Arkansas 
 
 Yard 

7.0 

Acres 
 
 Leased 

These facilities are leased from L.W. Matteson, Inc., which is owned by members of the Matteson family, pursuant to a lease that expires in 2012 and is renewable on a
year-to-year basis thereafter. See Note 13 to the Company s consolidated financial statements. Demolition
 The demolition segment leases 13,000 square feet of office, garage and maintenance facilities in Waltham,
Massachusetts, from a minority interest owner in Yankee and prior to 2011, a profits interest owner in NASDI, pursuant to a lease that expires in 2016. See Note 13 to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings As is
customary with negotiated contracts and modifications or claims to competitively bid contracts with the federal government, the government has the right to audit the books and records of the Company to ensure compliance with such contracts,
modifications, or claims, and the applicable federal laws. The government has the ability to seek a price adjustment based on the results of such audit. Any such audits have not had, and are not expected to have, a material impact on the financial
position, operations, or cash flows of the Company. Various legal actions, claims, assessments and other contingencies
arising in the ordinary course of business are pending against the Company and certain of its subsidiaries. These matters are subject to many uncertainties, and it is possible that some of these matters could ultimately be decided, resolved, or
settled adversely. Although the Company is subject to various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business, except as described below, the Company is not currently a party to any material legal proceedings or environmental
claims. The Company accrues reserves when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company does not believe any of these proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, would be expected to
have a material effect on results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. The Company or its former subsidiary,
NATCO Limited Partnership, was named as a defendant in approximately 251 asbestos-related personal injury lawsuits, the majority of which were filed between 1989 and 2000. The claims were filed on behalf of seamen or their personal representatives
alleging injury or illness from exposure to asbestos while employed as seamen on Company-owned vessels. In these cases, the Company is typically one of many defendants, including manufacturers and suppliers of products containing asbestos, as well
as other vessel owners. Following certain administrative proceedings, counsel for plaintiffs agreed to name a group of cases that they intended to pursue and to dismiss the remaining cases without prejudice. Plaintiffs have
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

currently named 39 cases against the Company that they intend to pursue, each of which involves one plaintiff. The remaining cases against the Company were dismissed. Plaintiffs in the dismissed
cases could file a new lawsuit if they develop a new disease allegedly caused by exposure to asbestos on board our vessels. The Company does not believe that it is probable that losses from these claims could be material, and an estimate of a range
of losses relating to these claims cannot reasonably be made. Based on the foregoing, management does not believe that any of the 39 lawsuits, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material impact on our business, financial position, results
of operations or cash flows. On August 26, 2009, the Company s subsidiary NASDI received a letter stating that the
Attorney General for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts is investigating alleged violations of the Massachusetts Solid Waste Act. The Company believes that the Massachusetts Attorney General is investigating illegal dumping activities at a dump site
NASDI contracted with to have waste materials disposed of between September 2007 and July 2008. Per the Massachusetts Attorney General s request, NASDI executed a tolling agreement regarding the matter in 2009 and engaged in further discussions
with the Massachusetts Attorney General s office in the second quarter of 2011 but has had no further contact with the Massachusetts Attorney General s office since then. The matter remains open, and, to the Company s knowledge, no
proceedings have currently been initiated against NASDI. Should a claim be brought, NASDI intends to defend itself vigorously. Based on consideration of all of the facts and circumstances now known, the Company does not believe this claim will have
a material impact on its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. On March 27, 2011, NASDI
received a subpoena from a federal grand jury in the District of Massachusetts directing NASDI to furnish certain documents relating to certain projects performed by NASDI since January 2005. The Company conducted an internal investigation into this
matter and continues to fully cooperate with the federal grand jury subpoena. Based on the early stage of the U.S. Department of Justice s investigation and the limited information known to the Company, the Company cannot predict the outcome of
the investigation, the U.S. Attorney s views of the issues being investigated, any action the U.S. Attorney may take, or the impact, if any, that this matter may have on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations or
cash flows. On April 6, 2011, NASDI received a subpoena from the District Attorney for Richmond County, New York in
connection with a grand jury investigation. The subpoena directs NASDI to furnish certain documents relating to one project performed by NASDI and one of its subcontractors. The subpoena appears to be related to the activities of NASDI s
subcontractor for this project. The Company fully complied with the production of requested documents and has engaged in routine communications with the District Attorney s office. Based on the Company s internal investigation to date, the
Company does not believe that it will have any liability with respect to this matter. In addition, the Company intends to continue to fully cooperate with the New York grand jury subpoena. 
 The Company has not accrued any amounts with respect to these NASDI matters as the Company does not believe, based on information
currently known to it, that a loss relating to these matters is probable, and an estimate of a range of potential losses relating to these matters cannot reasonably be made. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information Our
common stock is traded under the symbol GLDD on the NASDAQ Global Market. The table below sets forth, for the calendar quarters indicated, the high and low sales prices of the common stock as reported by NASDAQ from January 1, 2010
through December 31, 2011. 

Common Stock 

High 

Low 

First Quarter 2010 

7.18 

4.04 

Second Quarter 2010 

7.05 

4.94 

Third Quarter 2010 

6.46 

4.51 

Fourth Quarter 2010 

8.08 

5.71 

Common Stock 

High 

Low 

First Quarter 2011 

8.93 

7.05 

Second Quarter 2011 

7.90 

5.15 

Third Quarter 2011 

6.36 

3.97 

Fourth Quarter 2011 

6.23 

4.02 

12/31/2007 

12/31/2008 

12/31/2009 

12/31/2010 

12/31/2011 

Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corp 

135.46 

65.24 

103.29 

118.96 

90.99 

Peer Average (see below) 

126.72 

73.28 

86.10 

87.77 

86.46 

NASDAQ Composite Index 

109.09 

64.87 

93.33 

109.12 

107.15 

Russell 2000 Index 

96.03 

62.61 

78.40 

98.24 

92.88 

27 

Table of Contents 

 The graph shows the cumulative total return to stockholders of the Company s common
stock during a five year period ending December 30, 2011, the last trading day of our 2011 fiscal year, compared with the return on the NASDAQ Composite Index, a group of our peers which we use internally as a benchmark for our performance and
the Russell 2000 Index. The graph assumes initial investments of 100 each on December 29, 2006, in GLDD stock (assuming reinvestment of all dividends paid during the period), the NASDAQ Composite Index, the Russell 2000 Index and the peer
group companies, collectively. The Russell 2000 Index, which includes Great Lakes, is derived from companies with market capitalization similar to that of the Company. The peer group, which has not been presented in this graph in prior years, is
comprised of the following member companies against which we measure our performance for compensation purposes. 

Company 
 
 Ticker 
 
 Company 
 
 Ticker 
 
 Company 
 
 Ticker 

Dycom Industries, Inc. 
 
 DY 
 
 MasTec, Inc. 
 
 MTZ 
 
 Primoris Services Corp 
 
 PRIM 

Global Industries, Ltd. (prior to its purchase on September 9,2011 by Technip S.A.) 
 
 GLBL 
 
 Matrix Service Company 
 
 MTRX 
 
 Sterling Construction Company, Inc. 
 
 STRL 

Granite Construction Inc. 
 
 GVA 
 
 MYR Group Inc. 
 
 MYRG 
 
 Team, Inc. 
 
 TISI 

Aegion Corporation, successor to Insituform Technologies, Inc. 
 
 AEGN 
 
 Orion Marine Group, Inc. 
 
 ORN 
 
 Willbros Group, Inc. 
 
 WG 

Layne Christensen Company 
 
 LAYN 
 
 Pike Electric Corporation 
 
 PIKE 

Given the integral nature of this peer group for compensation purposes and the fact that each peer is a
capital intensive business, the Company deems it appropriate to also use this peer group for showing the comparative cumulative total return to stockholders of Great Lakes. Holders of Record As of March 5, 2012, the Company had approximately
36 shareholders of record of the Company s common stock. A substantial number of holders of the Company s common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial
institutions. Dividends Quarterly dividends per common share for the most recent two years are as follows: 

Dividend 

2011 

2010 

First Quarter 

0.017 

0.017 

Second Quarter 

0.021 

0.017 

Third Quarter 

0.021 

0.017 

Fourth Quarter 

0.021 

0.017 
 
 The declaration and payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of Great Lakes board of
directors and depends on many factors, including general economic and business conditions, the Company s strategic plans, financial results and condition, legal requirements including restrictions and limitations contained in the Company s
senior credit agreement, bonding agreements and the indenture relating to the senior unsecured notes and other factors the board of directors deems relevant. Accordingly, the Company cannot ensure the size of any such dividend or that the Company
will pay any future dividend. The Company is a holding company and has no direct operations. The Company s ability to
pay cash dividends depends, in part, on the ability of the Company s subsidiaries to pay cash dividends. The Company expects to cause the Company s subsidiaries to pay distributions to it to fund the Company s expected dividend
payments, subject to applicable law and any restrictions contained in the Company s debt agreements. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 The following table sets forth selected financial data and should be read in conjunction with Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report. The selected financial data presented below
have been derived from the Company s consolidated financial statements; items may not sum due to rounding. 

000,000,000 

000,000,000 

000,000,000 

000,000,000 

000,000,000 

Year Ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in millions except share and per share data) 

Income Statement Data: 

Contract revenues 

627.3 

686.9 

622.2 

586.9 

515.8 

Costs of contract revenues 

534.3 

564.1 

534.0 

517.6 

447.8 

Gross profit 

93.0 

122.8 

88.2 

69.3 

67.9 

General and administrative expenses 

50.4 

54.4 

46.0 

43.2 

39.0 

Gain on sale of assets net 

(11.7) 

Operating income 

54.3 

68.4 

42.3 

26.1 

29.0 

Interest expense net 

(21.7) 

(13.5) 

(16.2) 

(17.0) 

(17.5) 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of joint ventures 

(0.4) 

(0.6) 

(0.4) 

(0.0) 

2.0 

Loss on foreign currency transactions net 

(0.3) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(5.1) 

Income before income taxes 

26.8 

54.3 

25.7 

9.1 

13.5 

Income tax expense 

(9.5) 

(20.6) 

(11.0) 

(3.8) 

(6.4) 

Net income 

17.3 

33.7 

14.7 

5.3 

7.1 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(0.7) 

0.9 

2.7 

(0.3) 

(0.1) 

Net income attributable to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 

16.5 

34.6 

17.5 

5.0 

7.0 

Basic earnings per share (1) 

0.28 

0.59 

0.30 

0.09 

0.14 

Basic weighted average shares 

58,890,780 

58,646,511 

58,506,608 

58,469,431 

48,911,491 

Diluted earnings per share (1) 

0.28 

0.59 

0.30 

0.09 

0.14 

Diluted weighted average shares 

59,229,819 

58,870,937 

58,612,282 

58,477,779 

52,211,010 

000,000,000 

000,000,000 

000,000,000 

000,000,000 

000,000,000 

Year Ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in millions) 

Other Data: 

Adjusted EBITDA (2) 

93.7 

103.0 

77.6 

55.9 

57.5 

Net cash flows from operating activities 

24.6 

123.5 

54.0 

14.8 

(6.3) 
 
 Net cash flows from investing activities 

(16.7) 

(62.7) 

(24.9) 

(26.3) 

(77.8) 
 
 Net cash flows from financing activities 

57.4 

(15.6) 

(36.4) 

13.7 

88.6 

Depreciation and amortization 

40.8 

34.3 

32.9 

30.1 

26.5 

Maintenance expense 

41.8 

48.2 

46.4 

41.9 

43.8 

Capital expenditures (3) 

30.7 

29.9 

27.3 

44.6 

111.0 

29 

Table of Contents 

(1) 
 Refer to Note 1 in the Company s consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 and above information for
additional details regarding these calculations. 

(2) 
 See definition of Adjusted EBITDA in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

(3) 
 Capital expenditures in 2007 included the purchase of three vessels for 40.4 million. It also included the purchase of another vessel for 25.5 million,
funded through a sale-leaseback transaction, as well as the buy-out of certain equipment previously under operating leases for 14.6 million. 

As of December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(in millions) 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

113.3 

48.5 

3.3 

10.5 

8.2 

Working capital 

195.3 

90.2 

91.3 

87.7 

82.3 

Total assets 

788.5 

693.8 

665.4 

666.2 

624.4 

Long term senior debt, promissory notes and subordinated notes 

255.0 

182.5 

186.0 

216.5 

196.5 

Total stockholder s equity 

292.0 

279.0 

245.8 

228.1 

230.4 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview The Company is the largest provider of dredging services in the
United States. In addition, the Company is the only U.S. dredging service provider with significant international operations, which represented 15 of its dredging revenues for 2011. 
 Dredging generally involves the enhancement or preservation of the navigability of waterways or the protection of shorelines through the
removal or replenishment of soil, sand or rock. The U.S. dredging market consists of three primary types of work: capital, beach nourishment and maintenance. Capital projects include large port deepenings and other infrastructure projects such as
land reclamations. Beach nourishment projects include rebuilding of shoreline areas that have been damaged by storm activity or ongoing erosion. Maintenance projects include routine dredging of ports, rivers and channels to remove the regular build
up of sediment. With the acquisition of L.W. Matteson, Inc. Matteson assets on December 31, 2010, the
Company began to provide the following rivers lakes services in 2011: lake and river dredging, inland levee and construction dredging, environmental restoration and habitat improvement and other marine construction. 
 The Company s bid market is defined as the aggregate dollar value of domestic projects on which the Company bid or could have bid if
not for capacity constraints bid market ). The Company experienced an average combined bid market share in the U.S. of 39 over the prior three years, including 44 , 52 and 32 of the domestic capital, beach nourishment and maintenance
sectors, respectively. The foregoing bid market data does not reflect rivers lakes activities which are separately categorized. The Company s bid market share of rivers lakes in the year of activity since acquisition is
36 . The Company s fleet of 33 dredges, of which eight are deployed internationally, 19 material transportation barges,
two drillboats, and numerous other specialized support vessels is the largest and most diverse fleet of any U.S. dredging company. The mobility of the Company s fleet enables us to move equipment in response to changes in demand for dredging
services to take advantage of the most attractive opportunities to employ our dredges. The Company estimates the replacement cost of the Company s fleet to be in excess of 1.5 billion in the current market. 
 The Company s largest domestic dredging customer is the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (the Corps ), which has
responsibility for federally funded projects related to navigation and flood control of U.S. waterways. The advance of multi-jurisdictional cost sharing arrangements are allowing the Corps to utilize funds from
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

sources other than the federal budget to prioritize additional projects where waterway infrastructure improvements can have an impact to large regions. Although some of a project s funding
may ultimately be derived from multiple sources, the Corps maintains the authority over the project and is the Company s customer. In 2011, the Company s dredging revenues earned from contracts with federal government agencies, including
the Corps as well as other federal entities such as the U.S. Coast Guard and the U.S. Navy, were approximately 56 of dredging revenues, down slightly from the Company s three year average of 60 . 
 The Company s demolition subsidiaries are headquartered in the Boston, Massachusetts area. In 2011, demolition revenues accounted
for 17 of total revenues, above the prior three year average of 12 . The demolition segment s principal services consist of interior and exterior demolition of commercial and industrial buildings, salvage and recycling of related materials and
removal of hazardous substances and materials. The majority of the work has historically been performed in New England; however, the primary demolition subsidiary, NASDI, LLC NASDI continues to expand its footprint into the New York
area and the marine demolition market, and specifically into bridge demolition projects. Effective as of January 1, 2011, NASDI became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. See Note 1 to the Company s consolidated financial statements.
 The Company also owns 50 of Amboy Aggregates Amboy and 50 of TerraSea Environmental Solutions TerraSea as joint ventures. Amboy s primary business is dredging sand from the entrance channel to the New York harbor in order to provide sand and aggregate for use in road and building construction and for clean land fill. Amboy
also imports stone from upstate New York and Nova Scotia and distributes it throughout the New York area. TerraSea is engaged in the environmental services business through its ability to remediate contaminated soil and dredged sediment treatment.
 The Company operates in two reportable segments: dredging and demolition. 
 Contract Revenues Most
of the Company s dredging contracts are obtained through competitive bidding on terms specified by the party inviting the bid. The types of equipment required to perform the specified service and the estimated project duration affect the cost
of performing the contract and the price that dredging contractors will bid. The Company recognizes contract revenues under
the percentage-of-completion method, based on the Company s engineering estimates of the physical percentage completed for dredging projects and using a cost-to-cost approach for demolition projects. For dredging projects, costs of contract
revenues are adjusted to reflect the gross profit percentage expected to be achieved upon ultimate completion of each dredging project. For demolition projects, contract revenues are adjusted to reflect the estimated gross profit percentage.
Provisions for estimated losses on contracts in progress are made in the period in which such losses are determined. Claims for additional compensation due to the Company are not recognized in contract revenues until such claims are settled.
Billings on contracts are generally submitted after verification with the customers of physical progress and may not match the timing of revenue recognition. The difference between amounts billed and recognized as revenue is reflected in the balance
sheet as either contract revenues in excess of billings or billings in excess of contract revenues. Contract modifications may be negotiated when a change from the original contract specifications is encountered, necessitating a change in project
scope or performance methodology and/or material disposal. Significant expenditures incurred incidental to major contracts are deferred and recognized as costs of contracts based on contract performance over the duration of the related project.
These expenditures are reported as prepaid expenses. Costs and Expenses 
 The components of costs of contract revenues include labor, equipment (including depreciation, maintenance, insurance and long-term
rentals), fuel, subcontracts, rentals and project overhead. Hourly labor is generally hired on a project-by-project basis. Much of our domestic hourly labor force is represented by labor unions with collective bargaining agreements that expire at
various dates during 2012 through 2014, which historically have been extended without disruption. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Costs of contract revenues vary significantly depending on the type and location of work
performed and assets utilized. Generally, capital projects have the highest margins due to the complexity of the projects, while beach nourishment projects have the most volatile margins because they are most often exposed to variability in weather
conditions. The Company s cost structure includes significant annual equipment related costs, including depreciation,
maintenance, insurance and long-term equipment rentals, averaging approximately 21 to 22 of total costs of contract revenues over the last three years. During the year, both equipment utilization and the timing of cost expenditures fluctuate
significantly. Accordingly, the Company allocates these equipment costs to interim periods in proportion to revenues recognized over the year to better match revenues and expenses. Specifically, at each interim reporting date the Company compares
actual revenues earned to date on the Company s dredging contracts to expected annual revenues and recognizes equipment costs on the same proportionate basis. In the fourth quarter, any over or under allocated equipment costs are recognized
such that the expense for the year equals actual equipment costs incurred during the year. As a result of this methodology, the recorded expense in any interim period may be higher or lower than the actual equipment costs incurred in that interim
period. Primary Factors that Determine Operating Profitability 
 Dredging . The Company s results of operations for its dredging segment for a calendar or quarterly period are generally
determined by the following three factors: 

Bid wins and dredge employment The Company s dredging segment generates revenues when the Company wins a bid for a dredging contract
and starts that project. Although the Company s dredging equipment is subject to downtime for scheduled periodic maintenance and repair, the Company seeks to maximize its revenues by employing its dredging equipment on a full-time basis. If a
dredge is idle (i.e., the dredge is not employed on a dredging project or undergoing scheduled periodic maintenance and repair), the Company does not earn revenue with respect to that dredge during the time period for which it is idle.

Project and dredge mix The Company s domestic dredging projects generally involve domestic capital, maintenance and beach nourishment
work and its foreign dredging projects generally involve capital work. In addition, the Company s dredging projects vary in duration and, in general, projects of longer duration result in less dredge downtime in a given period. Moreover, the
Company s dredges have different physical capabilities and typically work on certain types of dredging projects. Accordingly, the Company s dredges have different daily revenue generating capacities. 
 The Company generally expects to achieve different levels of gross margin (i.e., gross profit divided by revenues) for work performed on
the different types of dredging projects and for work performed by different types of dredges. The Company s expected gross margin for a project is based upon the Company s estimates at the time of the bid. Although the Company seeks to
bid on and win projects that will maximize its gross margin, the Company cannot control the type of dredging projects that are available for bid from time to time, the type of dredge that is needed to complete these projects or the time schedule
upon which these projects are required to be completed. As a result, in some quarters the Company works on a mix of dredging projects that, in the aggregate, have relatively high expected gross margins (based on project type and dredges employed)
and in other quarters, the Company works on a mix of dredging projects that, in the aggregate, have relatively low expected gross margins (based on project type and dredges employed). 

Project execution The Company seeks to execute all of its dredging projects consistent with its project estimates. In general, the
Company s ability to achieve its project estimates depends upon many factors including weather, variances from estimated project conditions, equipment mobilization time periods, unplanned equipment downtime or other events or circumstances
beyond the Company s control. If the Company experiences any of these events and circumstances, the completion of a dredging project will often be accelerated or delayed, as applicable, and, consequently, the Company will experience project
results that are better or worse than its estimates. The Company does its best to estimate for events and circumstances that are not within its control; however, these situations are inherent in dredging. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Demolition. The Company s demolition segment generates revenues when the
Company is awarded a contract for demolition services and starts the project. The Company s revenues from its demolition segment increase or decrease based upon market demand. Like the Company s dredging segment, results of operations for
the Company s demolition segment fluctuate based upon project mix and the Company s ability to execute its projects consistent with its estimates. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our significant accounting
policies are discussed in the Notes to the consolidated financial statements. The application of certain of these policies requires significant judgments or an estimation process that can affect the Company s results of operations, financial
position and cash flows, as well as the related footnote disclosures. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that it believes are reasonable. If actual amounts are ultimately different from previous estimates,
the revisions are included in the Company s results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. The following accounting policies comprise those that management believes are the most critical to aid in fully
understanding and evaluating the Company s reported financial results. Percentage-of-completion method of revenue
recognition The Company s contract revenues are recognized under the percentage-of-completion method, which is by its nature based on an estimation process. For dredging projects, the Company uses engineering estimates of the physical
percentage of completion. For demolition projects, the Company uses estimates of remaining costs-to-complete to determine the percentage of project completion. In preparing estimates, the Company draws on its extensive experience in the dredging and
demolition businesses and its database of historical dredging information to ensure that its estimates are as accurate as possible, given current circumstances. Provisions for estimated losses on contracts in progress are made in the period in which
such losses are determined. Claims for additional compensation are not recognized in contract revenues until such claims are settled. Cost and profit estimates are reviewed on a periodic basis to reflect changes in expected project performance.
 Impairment of goodwill Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and
between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying value. The Company believes that this estimate is a critical accounting estimate because:
(i) goodwill is a material asset and (ii) the impact of an impairment could be material to the consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statement of operations. The Company performs its annual impairment test as of July 1 each
year. The Company operates in two reportable segments: dredging and demolition. These reportable segments are the Company s operating segments and the reporting units at which the Company tests goodwill for impairment. 
 The Company assesses the fair values of its reporting units using both a market-based approach and an income-based approach. Under the
income approach, the fair value of the reporting unit is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. The income approach is dependent on a number of factors, including estimates of future market growth trends, forecasted revenues and
expenses based upon historical operating data, appropriate discount rates and other variables. The estimates are based on assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable, but such assumptions are subject to unpredictability and uncertainty.
Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value, and may result in the impairment of goodwill in the event that actual results differ from those estimates. 
 The market approach measures the value of a reporting unit through comparison to comparable companies. Under the market approach, the
Company uses the guideline public company method by applying estimated market-based enterprise value multiples to the reporting unit s estimated revenue and Adjusted EBITDA. The Company analyzed companies that performed similar services or are
considered peers. Due to the fact that there are no public companies that are direct competitors, the Company weighed the results of this approach less than the income approach. 
 At both December 31, 2011 and 2010, the dredging segment s goodwill was 76.6 million and demolition segment s
goodwill was 21.5 million. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 The Company performed its most recent annual test of impairment as of July 1, 2011 for
the goodwill in both the dredging and demolition segments with no indication of goodwill impairment as of the test date. As of the test date, the fair value of both the dredging segment and the demolition segment were in excess of their carrying
values by approximately 35 and 8 , respectively. Given the small margin with which the demolition segment s fair value is in excess of its carrying value, a more than insignificant decline in the demolition segment s future operating
results or cash flow forecasts versus the segment s current forecasts could potentially cause a goodwill impairment charge to be recognized in a future period. The Company will perform its next scheduled annual test of goodwill in the third
quarter of 2012 should no triggering events occur which would require a test prior to the next annual test. No goodwill impairment test was performed in the fourth quarter of 2011 for either segment because no triggering event occurred which would
require such a test. Results of Operations Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 The following table sets forth the components of net income attributable to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and Adjusted
EBITDA (defined below) as a percentage of contract revenues for the years ended December 31: 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Contract revenues 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Costs of contract revenues 

(85.2) 

(82.1) 

(85.8) 

Gross profit 

14.8 

17.9 

14.2 

General and administrative expenses 

(8.0) 

(7.9) 

(7.4) 
 
 Gain on sale of assets net 

1.9 

Operating income 

8.7 

10.0 

6.8 

Interest expense net 

(3.5) 

(2.0) 

(2.6) 
 
 Equity in earnings of joint ventures 

(0.1) 

(0.1) 

(0.1) 
 
 Loss on foreign currency transactions net 

0.0 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(0.8) 

Income before income taxes 

4.3 

7.9 

4.1 

Income tax expense 

(1.5) 

(3.0) 

(1.8) 

Net income 

2.8 

4.9 

2.3 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(0.1) 

0.1 

0.4 

Net income attributable to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 

2.7 

5.0 

2.7 

Adjusted EBITDA 

15.0 

15.0 

12.5 

Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA, as provided herein, represents net income attributable to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, adjusted for net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization
expense and debt extinguishment. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure derived in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The Company presents Adjusted EBITDA as an additional measure
by which to evaluate the Company s operating trends. The Company believes that Adjusted EBITDA is a measure frequently used to evaluate performance of companies with substantial leverage and that the Company s primary stakeholders (i.e.,
its stockholders, bondholders and banks) use Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate the Company s period to period performance. Additionally, management believes that Adjusted EBITDA provides a transparent measure of the Company s recurring operating
performance and allows management to readily view operating trends, perform analytical comparisons and identify strategies to improve operating performance. For this reason, the Company uses a measure based upon Adjusted EBITDA to assess performance
for purposes of determining compensation under the Company s incentive plan. Adjusted EBITDA 
 34 

Table of Contents 

should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, amounts determined in accordance with GAAP including: (a) operating income as an indicator of operating performance; or
(b) cash flows from operations as a measure of liquidity. As such, the Company s use of Adjusted EBITDA, instead of a GAAP measure, has limitations as an analytical tool, including the inability to determine profitability or liquidity due
to the exclusion of interest and income tax expense and the associated significant cash requirements and the exclusion of depreciation and amortization, which represent significant and unavoidable operating costs given the level of indebtedness and
capital expenditures needed to maintain the Company s business. For these reasons, the Company uses operating income to measure the Company s operating performance and uses Adjusted EBITDA only as a supplement. The following is a
reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income attributable to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

(in thousands) 

Net income attributable to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 

16,528 

34,609 

17,468 

Adjusted for: 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

5,145 

Interest expense, net 

21,665 

13,542 

16,150 

Income tax expense 

9,545 

20,554 

10,983 

Depreciation and amortization 

40,838 

34,301 

33,023 

Adjusted EBITDA 

93,721 

103,006 

77,624 

Components of Contract Revenues The following table sets forth, by segment and type of work, the Company s contract revenues for the years ended December 31 (in thousands): 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Revenues 

Dredging: 

Capital U.S. 

156,251 

300,873 

203,147 

Capital foreign 

77,232 

82,898 

134,123 

Beach nourishment 

135,164 

106,163 

62,133 

Maintenance 

116,016 

119,035 

174,908 

Rivers lakes 

35,471 

Total dredging revenues 

520,134 

608,969 

574,311 

Demolition 

107,199 

77,953 

47,933 

Total revenues 

627,333 

686,922 

622,244 

Rivers lakes was established by the Company on December 31, 2010 in connection with the Matteson acquisition, and did not operate as part of the Company
prior to January 1, 2011. Year Ended December 31, 2011 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2010
 Total revenue was 627.3 million in 2011, a decrease of 59.6 million, or 8.7 , from 2010 total revenue of 686.9 million.
The majority of the decrease was due to lower domestic revenues in the capital dredging market. This was partially offset by increased revenues in the beach nourishment market and the demolition segment as well as the addition of rivers 
lakes dredging from the Matteson acquisition. Highlights from the Company s primary dredging sectors are as follows: 

Revenues from domestic capital dredging projects of 156.3 million in 2011 decreased 144.6 million, or 48.1 , from 2010 revenues of
 300.9 million. The decrease in revenue is primarily due to 108.3 million of revenue in 2010 that did not repeat in 2011 from work on sand berm construction off the coast of
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Louisiana in response to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. In addition, 2010 revenue benefited from 56 million for deepening projects in the ports of New Jersey that were
not repeated in 2011. 

Revenues from beach nourishment projects of 135.2 million in 2011 increased 29.0 million, or 27.3 , from 106.2 million in 2010. The Company won
 198 million of beach projects in 2011, which is 143 million higher than the amount of beach projects won in 2010. The significant increase in beach nourishment awards created a larger supply of projects in backlog, of which the Company was able to
convert a portion into revenue for projects worked in 2011. Additionally, revenue was positively impacted as the Company was able to work on projects which were not subjected to environmental windows, which are limitations as to the timing of when
dredging activity can occur, unlike the prior year when such projects were not available. 

Revenues from maintenance dredging projects in 2011 were 116.0 million, a decrease of 3.0 million, or 2.5 , from 119.0 million in
2010. Maintenance revenue in 2011 decreased slightly as 4.7 million of projects traditionally included in maintenance revenue was shifted to the rivers lakes revenue category. 

Revenues from rivers lakes projects were 35.5 million for 2011. The Company purchased its rivers lakes operations on
December 31, 2010 and therefore had no revenues from rivers lakes projects in 2010. 

Revenues from foreign dredging operations in 2011 totaled 77.2 million, a decrease of 5.7 million, or 6.8 , from 2010 revenues of
 82.9 million. In 2011, revenues were from projects comprised of smaller values and scopes than those in the prior year. Foreign revenues in 2011 also benefited from the resolution of outstanding project claims of approximately 3.8 million in
the 2011 first quarter, offset by fewer projects in the Middle East. The demolition segment recorded
revenues in 2011 of 107.2 million, an increase of 29.2 million, or 37.5 , over 2010 revenues of 78.0 million. This increase was primarily related to improved market conditions in Massachusetts based on the continued economic recovery in
this market and the I-10 bridge demolition project in Louisiana. Dredging segment gross profit in 2011 decreased 30.0 to
 82.7 million from 117.7 million in 2010, and dredging segment gross profit margin (dredging gross profit divided by dredging revenue) was 15.8 in 2011, down from 19.3 in 2010. Gross profit margin benefited in the prior year from a favorable
project mix and better vessel employment on a number of domestic capital dredging projects allowing better fixed cost coverage. In addition the prior year experienced favorable project execution and weather conditions on beach nourishment projects.
 Demolition segment gross profit increased 5.3 million to 10.3 million from 5.0 million in 2010 and demolition segment
gross profit margin was 9.6 , up from 6.5 in 2010, primarily due to the increase in profit margin on new projects, led by the I-10 bridge demolition project in Louisiana as well as improved market conditions from the continued economic recovery in
the demolition segment s primary market. Dredging segment operating income for 2011 decreased 24.3 to
 53.8 million, from 70.5 million in 2010 due to the lower revenues and gross profit described above, offset by 11.7 million of gains from sales of underutilized assets. In 2010, the dredging segment operating income included 6.4 million of
severance, legal and consulting charges that were recorded in conjunction with the senior management reorganization. 
 Demolition segment operating income improved to 0.5 million for 2011 from an operating loss in 2010 of 2.1 million due to the
higher revenues and gross profit described above, which were offset by the recognition of 1.8 million of additional legal and consulting expenses in 2011 relating to the subpoenas received in April 2011. 
 The Company s net interest expense for 2011 totaled 21.7 million compared with 13.5 million in 2010. This increase is
primarily due to the Company s issuance of 250 million of 7.375 senior notes and the related redemption of the Company s 175 million of 7.75 senior subordinated notes in the 2011 first quarter. Due to
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

timing requirements, both of these note issuances were outstanding and accruing interest for approximately 30 days in 2011, resulting in duplicative interest expense of approximately 1.1
million. Although the senior notes accrue interest at a lower interest rate than the previously outstanding senior subordinated notes, the increase in principal outstanding resulted in an additional 4.5 million of interest expense in 2011 as
compared to 2010. In addition, in 2011 the Company realized a 0.4 million gain on interest rate swaps, while favorable interest rates in 2010 led to a 2.1 million gain. The Company incurred income tax expense of 9.5 million in 2011 compared with 20.6 million in 2010. This 11.1 million decrease is primarily the result of the decrease in the Company s
operating income. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2011 was 35.4 compared to 37.9 for the year ended December 31, 2010. For the year ended December 31, 2011, net income attributable to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation was 16.5 million compared to 34.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2010. This 18.1 million decrease was primarily driven by the lower operating income, net of taxes in 2011 described above. Adjusted EBITDA (as defined above) was 93.7 million and 103.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The decrease of 9.3 million, or 9.0 , is related to the decrease
in dredging segment operating income net of the increase in demolition segment operating income described above. In 2011, the Company recorded 40.8 million of depreciation and amortization expense that is included as a component of operating
income, but is excluded for the purposes of calculating Adjusted EBITDA. The increase in depreciation from 2011 is partially related to the Company s decision to accelerate certain capital expenditures into 2011 to take advantage of the federal
tax benefit allowing for full tax depreciation in the year of service for new assets. In addition, the purchase of Matteson assets in December 2010 added 1.7 million of depreciation in 2011 that had no associated impact in the prior year. The
depreciation and amortization expense recorded in 2010 was 34.3 million. Year Ended December 31, 2010 Compared to Year Ended
December 31, 2009 Dredging revenues were 609 million in 2010, an increase of 34.7 million, or 6 , over 2009
dredging revenues of 574.3 million. This increase was primarily due to higher revenues in the domestic capital and beach markets more than offsetting lower revenues in the foreign and maintenance markets. Highlights from the Company s
primary dredging sectors are as follows: 

Revenues from domestic capital dredging projects of 300.9 million in 2010 increased 97.7 million, or 48.1 , from 2009 revenues of 203.1
million. During the second half of 2010, several of the Company s dredges and ancillary equipment worked on sand berm construction off the coast of Louisiana in response to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. In addition,
domestic capital dredging revenues included continued deepening work in the ports of New York, New Jersey, and Jacksonville. 

Revenues from beach nourishment projects of 106.2 million in 2010 increased 44.1 million, or 71.0 , from 62.1 million in 2009. The
amount of beach work won by the Company in the second half of 2009 significantly exceeded the amount of beach work won by the Company in the second half of 2008. As the Company performs much of its beach work during the first half of each year, when
environmental windows are open, the increased backlog at the end of 2009 resulted in increased 2010 beach revenues. 

Revenues from maintenance dredging projects in 2010 were 119.0 million, a decrease of 55.9 million, or 31.9 , from 174.9 million in
2009. Maintenance revenue in 2009 was uncharacteristically high because the Corps put many delayed projects out to bid. The Company believes that funding of many maintenance projects bid in 2009 was augmented by the federal economic stimulus. The
Company believes that substantially all of the stimulus funded projects were completed by June 30, 2010. In addition, the number of maintenance projects worked on during the second half of 2010 declined due to the dredging industry s
response to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Revenues from foreign dredging operations in 2010 totaled 82.9 million, a decrease of 51.2 million, or 38.2 , from 2009 revenues of
 134.1 million. Foreign revenues started to decline in the second half of 2009 as the global recession significantly slowed the rate of infrastructure development in the Middle East. In 2010, the Company worked on international projects outside
of Bahrain, including in the United Arab Emirates and Brazil. Demolition segment revenues in 2010 were
 78.0 million, an increase of 30.1 million, or 62.6 , over 2009 revenues of 47.9 million. This increase was primarily related to improved market conditions in Massachusetts and increased activity in New York as well as new bridge
demolition markets for the demolition segment. In 2009, demolition revenues were negatively impacted by the slowdown in the U.S. construction industry. Dredging segment gross profit increased 32.4 to 117.7 million in 2010 from 88.9 million in 2009, and dredging segment gross profit margin (dredging gross profit divided by dredging revenue) was 19.3 
in 2010, up from 15.6 in 2009. The increases in gross profit and gross profit margin were primarily due to increased dredging revenues and dredging project execution that in the aggregate was better than the Company s estimates. 
 Demolition segment gross profit increased 5.7 million from a gross loss of 0.7 million in 2009 to a gross profit of 5.0 million in
2010 and demolition segment gross profit margin was 6.5 in 2010, up from a negative gross profit margin of 1.8 in 2009, primarily due to improved market conditions which resulted in increased revenues. While demolition segment gross profit margins
improved in 2010 compared to 2009, they remained lower than pre-recession gross profit margins, reflecting continued competitive pricing pressures. Dredging segment operating income for 2010 increased 41.4 to 70.5 million versus 49.8 million in 2009, as increased gross profit offset a 20.9 increase in general and administrative expenses.
These expenses increased primarily due to 7.2 million in costs that were incurred for severance, legal and consulting expenses that were incurred in conjunction with the senior management reorganization. See Note 14 to the Company s
consolidated financial statements. Demolition segment operating loss for 2010 decreased 5.5 million from 7.6 million in
2009 to 2.1 million in 2010. Despite improved gross profit, the demolition segment incurred losses with respect to certain projects including a large bridge demolition project, one of the demolition segment s first projects of this type. In
2010, the demolition segment recorded a loss of 3.0 million related to this bridge demolition project. In addition, demolition segment operating results in 2009 were negatively impacted by certain projects that had been worked on in 2008 and
canceled in 2009, resulting in write-offs of 3.8 million. Demolition segment general and administrative expenses for 2010 of 6.8 million increased 7.9 compared with 6.3 million in 2009 primarily as a result of an increase in bad debt
expense and incentive pay. Consolidated general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue were generally
consistent, ranging between 7.4 and 7.9 of revenues during 2008 through 2010. In 2010, general and administrative expenses increased due to additional expenses related to the Company s senior management reorganization. 
 The Company s net interest expense for 2010 totaled 13.5 million compared with 16.2 million in 2009. This decrease is
due to the lower average outstanding borrowings on the Company s revolving credit facility during 2010. In addition, in 2010 the Company realized a 2.1 million gain on its outstanding interest rate swaps compared to a 0.4 million gain during
2009. The Company incurred income tax expense of 20.6 million in 2010 compared with 10.9 million in 2009. This
 9.7 million increase is primarily the result of the increase in the Company s operating income. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2010 was 37.9 compared to 42.7 for the year ended December 31, 2009. The
decrease in the effective tax rate was due to the resolution of certain state tax matters. For the year ended
December 31, 2010, net income attributable to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation was 34.6 million compared to 17.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2009. This 17.1 million increase was primarily driven
by higher operating income in 2010. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA (as defined above) for the year ended December 31, 2010 was 103.0
million as compared to 77.6 million for year ended December 31, 2009. The higher segment operating income for both the dredging and the demolition segments were the primary drivers for the higher Adjusted EBITDA in 2010. The Company recorded
 34.3 million and 32.9 million of depreciation and amortization expense in the year ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Depreciation and amortization are each components of operating income, but these expenses are excluded for the
purposes of calculated Adjusted EBITDA. Bidding Activity and Backlog 
 The following table sets forth, by segment and type of dredging work, the Company s backlog as of the dates indicated (in thousands):

December 31, 2011 

December 31, 2010 

December 31, 2009 

Backlog 

Dredging: 

Capital U.S. 

109,897 

117,866 

203,294 

Capital foreign 

78,379 

65,334 

35,715 

Beach nourishment 

84,607 

18,080 

63,390 

Maintenance 

31,293 

56,140 

63,335 

Rivers lakes 

15,256 

25,116 

Total dredging backlog 

319,432 

282,536 

365,734 

Demolition 

50,672 

80,984 

16,448 

Total backlog 

370,104 

363,520 

382,182 

Represents backlog acquired by the Company on December 31, 2010 in connection with the Matteson acquisition. 
 The Company s contract backlog represents its estimate of the revenues that will be realized under the portion of the contracts
remaining to be performed. For dredging contracts these estimates are based primarily upon the time and costs required to mobilize the necessary assets to and from the project site, the amount and type of material to be dredged and the expected
production capabilities of the equipment performing the work. For demolition contracts, these estimates are based on the time and remaining costs required to complete the project relative to total estimated project costs and project revenues agreed
to with the customer. However, these estimates are necessarily subject to variances based upon actual circumstances. Because of these factors, as well as factors affecting the time required to complete each job, backlog is not necessarily indicative
of future revenues or profitability. In addition, 74 of the Company s 2011 dredging backlog relates to federal government contracts, which can be canceled at any time without penalty to the government, subject to the Company s contractual
right to recover the Company s actual committed costs and profit on work performed up to the date of cancellation. In addition, the Company s backlog may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter based upon the type and size of the
projects the Company is awarded from the bid market. A quarterly increase or decrease of the Company s backlog does not necessarily result in an improvement or a deterioration of the Company s business. The Company s backlog includes
only those projects for which the Company has obtained a signed contract with the customer. Approximately 97 of the
Company s backlog at December 31, 2011 is expected to be completed and converted into revenue in 2012. Dredging
 The 2011 domestic dredging bid market totaled 1.041 billion, a 19 increase from the 2010 domestic dredging bid market of
 875 million. The 2011 bid market grew primarily from federal and state funded projects for infrastructure and coastal restoration and protection. The beach nourishment bid market was the primary
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

reason for the increase as 317 million was awarded in 2011. This is an increase of 242 million from the 2010 bid market, which is over three times the size of the 2010 bid market. The Company
won 43 of the overall 2011 domestic bid market, above its 30 win rate of the overall 2010 domestic bid market. The Company s three-year average win rate is 39 . The 2011 domestic bid market benefited from many projects deferred from prior
years by governmental entities that were let to bid in 2011. In addition, the 2010 bid market excluded dredging work related to the construction of sand berms off the coast of Louisiana in response to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of
Mexico. Over 100 million of sand berm construction work was awarded to the Company directly by the prime contractor rather than through the customary bidding process. Variability in contract wins from period to period is not unusual. The Company
believes trends in its win rate over the prior three year periods provide a historical background against which current year results can be compared. The Company s December 31, 2011 contracted dredging backlog was 319.4 million. This represents an increase of 36.9 million, or 13 , over the Company s December 31, 2010 dredging
backlog of 282.5 million. These amounts do not reflect approximately 36.1 million of domestic low bids pending formal award and additional phases options pending on projects currently in backlog. At December 31, 2010 the amount
of domestic low bids pending award was 39.9 million. The increase in the Company s annual dredging backlog is primarily the result of the significantly higher beach nourishment awards remaining in backlog at year end that were primarily
awarded late in the third quarter of 2011, partially offset by lower maintenance backlog as compared to the prior year. The
Company won 33 , or 117.8 million, of the domestic capital dredging projects awarded in 2011. Significant new awards during the year included 61 million for channel deepening in New York s Ambrose Channel and 43 million for Louisiana coastal
restoration. Approximately 109.9 million, or 34 , of the Company s December 31, 2011 contracted dredging backlog consists of domestic capital dredging work, a substantial portion of which is expected to be performed in 2012. Domestic
capital dredging backlog at December 31, 2011 was 8.0 million less than the prior year. In 2011, the Company earned 94 of its backlog carried forward from December 31, 2010 and replenished its revenue in backlog with new awards including
those mentioned above. Federal capital projects are being prioritized by the Corps as it appropriates its annual funding for projects. The Company believes that many states and Washington D.C. will continue to focus on marine infrastructure as
significant port and harbor authorities recognize that the ongoing expansion of the Panama Canal and initiatives to increase exports heightens the need for the U.S. to deepen its East and Gulf Coast ports to facilitate larger draft vessels from
international trade. Due to certain regulatory and environmental hurdles, it does not appear that the first of these deepening projects will be released for proposal until the fourth quarter of 2012. In addition, the Company won a 46.5 million
coastal restoration project in February 2012 that will add to its 2012 workload. This project continues to demonstrate that resources are being devoted to help restore the barrier islands and wetlands that provide natural protection from storms in
the Gulf Coast area. The Company won 62 , or 198.1 million, of the beach nourishment projects awarded in 2011. The Company
was awarded eight significant coastal protection or beach nourishment projects along the East Coast totaling 144.4 million and several Florida projects in the year. The Company has contracted dredging backlog related to beach nourishment of 84.6
million at December 31, 2011 compared to 18.1 million at the end of 2010. The Company expects to perform its entire backlog throughout 2012. The beach nourishment market in 2011 was double the average bid market over the last three years. In
2010, many state and local governments experienced delays in getting the necessary funding to put their projects out to bid. Significant severe storms underscored the critical nature of these projects to the regions and the nation forcing beach
nourishment projects that had been delayed to be brought to bid in 2011. The projects were funded with different combinations of federal, state and local resources allowing these communities to protect their coastlines from natural erosion and to
provide a buffer to future severe storms. The Company won 36 , or 109.2 million, of the maintenance dredging projects
awarded in 2011. Harbor channel and river maintenance projects including 19 million of work on the Mississippi River and 18 million of work in Baltimore were awarded to the Company in 2011. The Company has contracted dredging backlog at
December 31, 2011 for maintenance dredging of 31.3 million which is 24.8 million lower than the backlog at 
 40 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2010. The 2011 maintenance dredging bid market was 64 of the three-year average maintenance dredging bid market of 478 million. The Company continues to be optimistic about
the passage of a Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund HMTF bill that allocates existing funding to maintenance dredging as intended. The industry has seen strong support from both Democrats and Republicans for this bill which politicians
argue both creates domestic jobs and does not require new taxation. Foreign capital dredging backlog increased to 78.4
million at December 31, 2011 from 65.3 million at the end of 2010. Although several Middle Eastern countries have experienced civil unrest and resulting governmental instability throughout 2011, the Company has maintained normal operations for
its international projects and has a positive outlook for many of its foreign markets. The Company continues to observe an increase in international dredging and has pursued new opportunities in strategic foreign markets. In late 2011, the Company
was awarded 34 million for its portion of a large land reclamation project in Bahrain. In addition, the Company recently announced a large opportunity in Australia for our backhoe dredge New York . The Company currently expects to realize
approximately 180 million in revenue on this project with the potential for greater income once we finalize our participation. We will mobilize the vessel and ancillary equipment to Australia at the end of 2012 upon completion of the projects on
which it is currently working. The Company s portion of the project is expected to take about 27 months to complete. The Company also sees additional opportunities in the Middle East, Southeast Asia and South America that it continues to
pursue. We have recently made strategic moves to bolster our international sales and marketing effort, as we see an abundance of opportunities ahead, which we believe can yield better results from a more aggressive approach. 
 Rivers lakes won 36 , or 20.0 million, of the projects in the markets where the group provides operations. Rivers 
lakes has contracted backlog of 15.3 million at December 31, 2011 which is 9.8 million less than the backlog acquired in the Matteson transaction. The acquired backlog included 9.8 million for a large project, which was completed in 2011,
requiring sediment removal from an inland lake. Rivers lakes backlog does not include 14.6 million of low bids pending award that are expected to be formally awarded and under contract in the first quarter of 2012. During the year, the
Company began to pursue municipal lake projects which expand the Company s service capabilities using existing equipment. The Company also launched a financing initiative to assist municipalities with finding financial partners to fund these
capital improvements over time to balance project payments with project lives. This initiative will allow municipalities to move forward with their existing dredging projects that are being deferred due to funding concerns. 
 Demolition Demolition services backlog was 50.7 million and 81.0 million at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, a decrease of 30.2 million. The Company continued to work through backlog related to the
larger New York and Boston area projects as well as the 28 million bridge demolition project in Louisiana. The demolition segment backlog does not include 22.1 million of low bids pending award that are expected to be formally awarded and under
contract in the first half of 2012. There were no projects pending award in the prior year. A new management team in the demolition business has worked to cooperate with the dredging businesses as evidenced by bridge demolition projects which
utilize the dredging segment s expertise on maritime projects. In addition, the demolition segment, our rivers lakes division and our sediment remediation joint venture can combine resources to pursue large environmental remediation
projects previously unavailable to the Company. Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Company s principal sources of liquidity are net cash flows provided by operating activities and proceeds from the issuance of
its 7.375 senior notes. See Note 7 in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company s principal uses of cash are to meet debt service requirements, finance capital expenditures, provide working capital and other general
corporate purposes. The Company s net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2011,
2010 and 2009 totaled 24.6 million, 123.5 million and 54.0 million, respectively. Normal increases or decreases in the level of working capital relative to the level of operational activity impact cash flow from operating activities. In
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

2011, lower net income and changes in working capital, resulted in lower net cash flows provided by operating activities. Working capital changes in 2011 were related to an increase in accounts
receivable primarily from foreign operations (which usually experience longer accounts receivable collection periods) and demolition operations that increased in the latter half of the year, an increase in pipe inventories used to transport dredged
material, and an income tax refund receivable that is included in other current assets related to estimated payments made for our 2011 federal tax return. In 2010, lower activity in foreign operations coupled with payments received on foreign
accounts receivable that had been outstanding at the end of 2009 drove the increase in cash generated. Additionally, the increase in cash was generated by strong domestic dredging operations in 2010, which have by comparison shorter accounts
receivable collections periods. In 2009, an increase in domestic accounts receivable resulting from increased domestic activity, offset by a decrease in pipe and spare parts inventory as well as other working capital items, decreased net cash
provided by operating activities. The Company s net cash flows used in investing activities for the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 totaled 16.7 million, 62.7 million and 24.9 million, respectively. Investing activities in all periods primarily relate to normal course upgrades and capital maintenance of the Company s dredging fleet.
In 2011, the Company experienced several planned dry dock inspections required by regulatory obligation, as well as vessel upgrade and maintenance expenditures adding 4.3 million in costs above those required in 2010. In 2011, the Company sold the
dredges Northerly Island and Victoria Island along with a parcel of land in Channelview, TX adding 15.6 million in proceeds from dispositions of property and equipment. The increase in 2010 is primarily due to the Company s acquisition of
Matteson on December 31, 2010. See Note 14 to the Company s consolidated financial statements. The 2010 expenditures also included 14.6 million on the upgrade of the dredge Ohio. 
 The Company s net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009
totaled 57.4 million, 15.6) million and 36.4) million and, respectively. As further discussed below, in 2011 the Company issued 250 million of 7.375 senior notes, resulting in 244.2 million of net proceeds. The Company used a portion of
these net proceeds to redeem its 175 million of 7.75 senior subordinated notes in 2011 for 180.0 million, which included a redemption premium and unpaid interest. The Company also paid 6.0 million in financing fees on the issuance of the senior
notes in 2011. The Company paid dividends of 4.7 million in 2011, an increase of 0.7 million from dividends of 4.0 million in both 2010 and 2009. On June 12, 2007, the Company entered into a credit agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement with Bank of America N.A. and various other financial institutions as lenders. The Credit
Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility of up to 145.0 million in borrowings and includes sublimits for the issuance of letters of credit and swingline loans. The revolving credit facility matures on June 12, 2012. The
revolving credit facility bears interest at rates selected at the option of Great Lakes, currently equal to either LIBOR plus an applicable margin or the Base Rate plus an applicable margin. The applicable margins for LIBOR loans and
Base Rate loans, as well as any non-use fee, are subject to adjustment based upon the Company s ratio of Total Funded Debt to Adjusted Consolidated EBITDA (each as defined in the Credit Agreement). The obligations of Great Lakes under the
Credit Agreement are unconditionally guaranteed by its direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries. Additionally, the obligations are secured by a perfected first priority lien on certain equipment of Great Lakes subsidiary, Great Lakes
Dredge Dock Company, LLC GLDD Company a perfected second priority lien on certain other equipment of GLDD Company, subject to a perfected first priority lien in favor of Great Lakes bonding company; a perfected
first priority lien on the inter-company receivables of Great Lakes and its direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries and having an equal priority to the liens of Great Lakes bonding company; and a perfected second priority lien on the
accounts receivable of Great Lakes and its direct and indirect subsidiaries that relate to bonded projects. The Credit Agreement contains various covenants and restrictions including (i) limitations on dividends to 5 million per year,
(ii) limitations on redemptions and repurchases of capital stock, (iii) limitations on the incurrence of indebtedness, liens, leases and investments, and (iv) maintenance of certain financial covenants. 
 As of December 31, 2011, the Company had no borrowings and 26.9 million of letters of credit outstanding, resulting in
 118.1 million of availability under the Credit Agreement. At December 31, 2011, the Company was in compliance with its various covenants under its Credit Agreement. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s Credit Agreement matures on June 12, 2012 and the Company is in
discussions with lenders to finalize a successor credit facility with substantially similar capabilities and terms as the current Credit Agreement. The Company believes that it will finalize a successor credit facility in the first quarter of 2012.
 Performance and bid bonds are customarily required for dredging and marine construction projects, as well as some demolition
projects. In September 2011, the Company entered into a new bonding agreement with Zurich American Insurance Company Zurich under which the Company can obtain performance, bid and payment bonds. The new bonding agreement contains no
restrictive covenants and lesser collateral requirements than the previous bonding agreement. The Company is using Zurich for all bonding requirements beginning in September 2011. The existing bonding agreement with Travelers Casualty and Surety
Company of America Travelers will remain in place until outstanding bonds expire as the projects underlying the bonds issued thereunder are completed. Pursuant to the existing bonding agreement, Travelers has been granted a security
interest in a substantial portion of the Company s operating equipment with a net book value of 63 million at December 31, 2011. The Travelers bonding agreement contains provisions requiring the Company to maintain certain financial ratios and restricting the Company s ability to pay dividends, incur indebtedness, create liens
and take certain other actions. At December 31, 2011, the Company was in compliance with its various covenants under the bonding agreement with Travelers. Bid bonds are generally obtained for a percentage of bid value and amounts outstanding
typically range from 1 million to 10 million. At December 31, 2011, the Company had outstanding performance bonds valued at approximately 336.1 million; however, the revenue value remaining in backlog related to these projects totaled
approximately 247.0 million. In addition to its credit facility, the Company has a 24 million International Letter of
Credit Facility with Wells Fargo HSBC Trade Bank. This facility is used for performance and advance payment guarantees on foreign contracts, including our long-term land reclamation project in Bahrain. The Company s obligations under the
agreement are guaranteed by the Company s foreign accounts receivable. In addition, the Export-Import Bank of the United States Ex-Im Bank has issued a guarantee under the Ex-Im Bank s Working Capital Guarantee Program, which
covers 90 of the obligations owing under the facility. The Company had 11.7 million of letters of credit issued under this facility at December 31, 2011. In January 2011, the Company issued 250 million in aggregate principal amount of its 7.375 senior notes due February 1, 2019. Approximately 180 million of the net proceeds from the issuance of the
senior notes was used to prepay all of the Company s 7.75 senior subordinated notes due December 2013, including prepayment premiums and accrued and unpaid interest. The remaining net proceeds from the issuance of the senior notes will be used
for general corporate purposes, which may include acquisitions. The Indenture governing the senior notes, among other things, limits the ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to (i) pay dividends, or make certain other
restricted payments or investments; (ii) incur additional indebtedness and issue disqualified stock; (iii) create liens on its assets; (iv) transfer and sell assets; (v) merge, consolidate or sell all or substantially all of its
assets; (vi) enter into certain transactions with affiliates; (vii) create restrictions on dividends or other payments by its restricted subsidiaries and (viii) create guarantees of indebtedness by restricted subsidiaries. These
covenants are subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture governing the senior notes. The Company increased its aggregate quarterly dividend to 1.2 million beginning in the second quarter of 2011, and will continue to pay such amount in the first quarter of 2012. Prior to that, the
Company paid dividends of approximately 1 million each quarter, including during the first of quarter of 2011 and each quarter of 2010. The declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of the Company s board of directors
and will depend on many factors, including general economic and business conditions, the Company s strategic plans, its financial results and condition and legal requirements, including restrictions and limitations contained in the Credit
Agreement, bonding agreements and the indenture relating to its senior notes. Accordingly, the Company cannot make any assurances as to the size of any such dividend or that it will pay any such dividend in future quarters. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The Company believes its cash on hand, its anticipated cash flows from operations and
availability under its revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund the Company s operations, capital expenditures and scheduled debt service requirements for the next twelve months. 
 Beyond the next twelve months, the Company s ability to fund its working capital needs, planned capital expenditures, scheduled debt
payments and dividends if any, and to comply with all of the financial covenants under the Credit Agreement and bonding agreement, depends on its future operating performance and cash flows, which in turn, are subject to prevailing economic
conditions and to financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company s control. Contractual Obligations
 The following table summarizes the Company s contractual cash obligations at December 31, 2011. Additional
information related to these obligations can be found in Note 7 and Note 12 to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Obligations coming due in year(s) ending: 

2013- 

2016- 

2019 and 

Total (1) 

2012 

2015 

2018 

beyond 

(in millions) 

Long term bank debt (2) 

Senior notes (3) 

388.2 

18.4 

55.3 

55.3 

259.2 

Operating lease commitments 

93.6 

16.4 

43.1 

31.2 

2.9 

Promissory note (4) 

5.6 

2.8 

2.8 

Equipment notes 

0.6 

0.5 

0.1 

Total 

488.0 

38.1 

101.3 

86.5 

262.1 

(1) 
 Excluded from the above table are 0.8 million in liabilities for uncertain tax positions for which the period of settlement is not determinable.

(2) 
 Represents the Company s senior credit facility. No amounts were outstanding at December 31, 2011. 

(3) 
 Includes cash interest payments calculated at stated fixed rate of 7.375 . 

(4) 
 Includes cash interest payments calculated at stated fixed rate of 6.00 . This note was issued in connection with the Matteson acquisition. 
 Other Off-Balance Sheet and Contingent Obligations The Company had outstanding letters of credit relating to foreign contract guarantees and insurance payment liabilities totaling 38.6 million at December 31, 2011. All issued letters of credit
were undrawn at year-end. The Company has granted liens on a substantial portion of its owned operating equipment as security
for borrowings under its Credit Agreement and its Travelers bonding agreement. The Company s Credit Agreement and Travelers bonding agreement also contain provisions that require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios and restrict its
ability to pay dividends, incur indebtedness, create liens, and take certain other actions. The Company finances certain key
vessels used in its operations with off-balance sheet operating lease arrangements with unrelated lessors, requiring annual rentals of 16.4 million which decline to 0.4 million over the next ten years. These off-balance sheet leases
contain default provisions, which are triggered by an acceleration of debt maturity under the terms of the Company s Credit Agreement. Additionally, the leases typically contain provisions whereby the Company indemnifies the lessors for the tax
treatment attributable to such leases based on the tax rules in place at lease inception. The tax indemnifications do not have a contractual dollar limit. To date, no lessors have asserted any claims against the Company under these tax
indemnification provisions. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 2011, the Company had outstanding performance bonds valued at
approximately 336.1 million; however, the revenue value remaining in backlog related to these projects totaled approximately 247.0 million. Certain foreign projects performed by the Company have warranty periods, typically spanning no more than three to five years beyond project completion, whereby the Company retains responsibility to
maintain the project site to certain specifications during the warranty period. Generally, any potential liability of the Company is mitigated by insurance, shared responsibilities with consortium partners, and/or recourse to owner-provided
specifications. The Company considers it unlikely that it would have to perform under any of the aforementioned contingent
obligations, other than operating leases, and performance has never been required in any of these circumstances in the past. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk A significant portion of the Company s current dredging operations are conducted outside of the U.S., primarily in the Middle East. It is the Company s policy to hedge foreign currency exchange
risk on contracts denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, if available. Currently, the majority of the Company s foreign dredging work is in Bahrain. The currency in Bahrain, the Bahraini Dinar, is linked to the U.S. dollar;
therefore, there is no foreign currency exposure on these transactions. At December 31, 2011, the Company had one foreign exchange forward contract outstanding to offset the change in fair value on outstanding accounts receivable in Brazilian
Real with a fair value of 0.2 million. We expect any gains or losses on the forward contract to be substantially offset by a corresponding gain or loss on the underlying exposure. A 10 adverse movement in the foreign currency exchange rate would
decrease the derivative value by 0.6 million. At December 31, 2011, the Company had long-term senior notes outstanding
with a recorded book value of 250.0 million. The fair value of these notes, which bear interest at a fixed rate of 7.375 , was 247.5 million at December 31, 2011 based on market prices. Assuming a 10 decrease in interest rates from
the rates at December 31, 2011 the fair value of this fixed rate debt would have increased to 257.8 million. In
May 2009, the Company entered into two interest rate swap arrangements, which are effective until December 15, 2012, to swap a notional amount of 50.0 million from a fixed rate of 7.75 to a floating LIBOR-based rate in order to manage
the interest rate paid with respect to the Company s 7.75 senior subordinated notes. The fair value asset of the swaps at December 31, 2011 was 0.8 million and is recorded in current assets. The swap is not accounted for as a hedge;
therefore, the changes in fair value are recorded as adjustments to interest expense in each reporting period. Assuming a 10 increase in interest rates at December 31, 2010, the fair value of the asset would decline by 0.2 million.
 A significant operating cost for the Company is diesel fuel, which represents approximately 10 of the Company s costs
of contract revenues. The Company uses fuel commodity forward contracts, typically with durations of less than one year, to reduce the impacts of changing fuel prices on operations. The Company does not purchase fuel hedges for trading purposes.
Based on the Company s 2011 projected domestic fuel consumption, a 10 increase in the average price per gallon of fuel would have an immaterial effect on fuel expense, after the effect of fuel commodity contracts in place at December 31,
2011. At December 31, 2011 the Company had outstanding arrangements to hedge the price of a portion of its fuel purchases related to domestic dredging work in backlog, representing approximately 59 of its anticipated domestic fuel requirements
for 2012. As of December 31, 2011, there were 5.2 million gallons remaining on these contracts. Under these agreements, the Company will pay fixed prices ranging from 2.65 to 2.98 per gallon. At December 31, 2011, the fair value
asset on these contracts was estimated to be 0.4 million, based on quoted market prices and is recorded in other current assets. A 10 change in forward fuel prices would result in an immaterial change in the fair value of fuel hedges
outstanding at December 31, 2011. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The consolidated financial statements (including financial statement schedules listed under Item 15 of this Report) of the Company called for by this Item, together with the Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm dated March 9, 2012, are set forth on pages 60 to 96 inclusive, of this Report, and are hereby incorporated by reference into this Item. Financial statement schedules not included in this Report have been
omitted because they are not applicable or because the information called for is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) The following tables set forth
our unaudited quarterly results of operations for 2011 and 2010. We have prepared this unaudited information on a basis consistent with the audited consolidated financial statements contained in this report and this unaudited information
includes all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments that we consider necessary for a fair presentation of our results of operations for the quarters presented. You should read this quarterly financial data along with the
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes to those statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission. The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results
for the annual period or any future period. 

Quarter Ended 

March 31, 

June 30, 

September 30, 

December 31, 

Unaudited 

(in millions except share and per share data) 

2011 

Contract revenues 

155.3 

155.0 

158.5 

158.6 

Costs of contract revenues 

(127.9) 

(135.2) 

(131.1) 

(140.2) 

Gross profit 

27.4 

19.8 

27.4 

18.4 

General and administrative expenses 

(12.1) 

(13.6) 

(12.7) 

(12.0) 
 
 Gain on sale of assets net 

(0.3) 

(2.5) 

(0.1) 

(8.8) 

Operating income 

15.6 

8.7 

14.8 

15.2 

Interest expense net 

(6.0) 

(4.9) 

(5.6) 

(5.2) 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of joint ventures 

(0.6) 

(0.1) 

0.6 

(0.3) 
 
 Loss on foreign currency transactions net 

(0.5) 

0.3 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(5.1) 

Income before income taxes 

3.9 

3.7 

9.3 

10.0 

Income tax expense 

(1.5) 

(1.5) 

(3.6) 

(3.0) 

Net income 

2.4 

2.2 

5.7 

7.0 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(0.5) 

(0.1) 

(0.2) 

Net income attributable to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 

2.4 

1.7 

5.6 

6.8 

Basic earnings per share 

0.04 

0.03 

0.10 

0.12 

Basic weighted average shares 

58,784,774 

58,874,601 

58,930,314 

58,973,431 

Diluted earnings per share 

0.04 

0.03 

0.09 

0.12 

Diluted weighted average shares 

59,237,749 

59,182,999 

59,160,808 

59,235,709 

46 

Table of Contents 

Quarter Ended 

March 31, 

June 30, 

September 30, 

December 31, 

Unaudited 

(in millions except share and per share data) 

2010 

Contract revenues 

161.4 

180.1 

173.3 

172.1 

Costs of contract revenues 

(130.9) 

(145.5) 

(140.6) 

(147.0) 

Gross profit 

30.5 

34.6 

32.7 

25.1 

General and administrative expenses 

(11.1) 

(14.4) 

(16.5) 

(12.3) 

Operating income 

19.4 

20.2 

16.2 

12.8 

Interest expense net 

(3.2) 

(3.0) 

(3.3) 

(4.0) 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of joint ventures 

(0.7) 

(0.1) 

0.1 

0.1 

Income before income taxes 

15.5 

17.1 

12.8 

8.9 

Income tax expense 

(6.2) 

(6.8) 

(5.1) 

(2.5) 

Net income 

9.3 

10.3 

7.7 

6.4 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

0.1 

0.5 

0.4 

Net income attributable to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 

9.4 

10.8 

7.7 

6.8 

Basic earnings per share 

0.16 

0.18 

0.13 

0.12 

Basic weighted average shares 

58,547,990 

58,601,649 

58,698,299 

58,750,621 

Diluted earnings per share 

0.16 

0.18 

0.13 

0.11 

Diluted weighted average shares 

58,705,175 

58,780,611 

58,900,824 

59,067,964 
 
 Note: Items may not sum due to rounding. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures Disclosure
Controls and Procedures. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as required by Rule 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act as of December 31,
2011. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules
and forms. Our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes that
our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide such reasonable assurance. Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls
and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must consider the benefits of controls
relative to their costs. Inherent limitations within a control system include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by unauthorized
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design
will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in a cost effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be prevented or
detected. Our management has also conducted an assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2011 as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Management s report on our internal control over financial reporting is included on page 49. Management has concluded that internal control over financial
reporting is effective as of December 31, 2011. The Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s report with respect to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is included on page 50. 
 Changes in Internal Controls. There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2011 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The management of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f), and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Management has used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework published by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and overseen by our Board of
Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with general
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. Neither internal control over financial reporting
nor disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of their inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls are processes that involve
human diligence and compliance, and are subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management
override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented, detected or reported on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls. However, these inherent limitations
are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design safeguards for these processes that will reduce, although may not eliminate, these risks. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, who audited Great Lakes consolidated
financial statements included in this Form 10-K, has issued a report on Great Lakes internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. Management has concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, at a reasonable assurance level, as of December 31, 2011.

/ S / J ONATHAN W. B ERGER 
 
 Jonathan W. Berger 
 
 Chief Executive 
 Officer and Director 

/ S / B RUCE J. B IEMECK 
 
 Bruce J. Biemeck 
 
 President, 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 

March 9, 2012 

49 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 
 Oak Brook, Illinois We have
audited the internal control over financial reporting of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2011, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control
over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our
audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk,
and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, and effected by the Company s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or
fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our
opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended December 31, 2011 of the Company and our report dated March 9, 2012
expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedule. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP
 Chicago, Illinois 
 March 9, 2012 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information None.
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Information regarding our executive officers is incorporated by reference herein from the discussion under Item 1. Business Executive Officers in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 Code of Ethics The Company has adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of its employees, including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, controller, and persons
performing similar functions. The Company s code of ethics can be found on its website at www.gldd.com. The Company will post on our website any amendments to or waivers of the code of business conduct and ethics for executive officers or
directors, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. The remaining information called for by this Item 10 is
incorporated by reference herein from the discussions under the headings Election of Directors, Board of Directors and Corporate Governance and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference herein from the discussions under the headings
 Executive Compensation and Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Board of Directors and Corporate Governance in the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference herein from the discussion under the heading
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by Item 13 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference herein from the discussions under the headings Board of Directors and Corporate Governance and
 Change of Control of the Company and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions in the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information required by Item 14 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference herein from the discussion under the heading Matters Related to Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm in the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 Documents filed as part of this report 

1. 
 Financial Statements The
financial statements are set forth on pages 60 to 96 of this Report and are incorporated by reference in Item 8 of this Report. 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules All other schedules, except Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts on page 97, are omitted because they are not required or the required information is shown in the financial
statements or notes thereto. 

3. 
 Exhibits The exhibits
required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed in the Exhibit Index which is attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION 

By: 
 
 / S / B RUCE J.
B IEMECK 

Bruce J. Biemeck 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 9, 2012 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capabilities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Date 
 
 Title 

/ S / J ONATHAN W.
B ERGER Jonathan W. Berger 
 
 March 9, 2012 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

/ S / B RUCE J.
B IEMECK Bruce J. Biemeck 
 
 March 9, 2012 
 
 President, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/ S / C ARL A.
A LBERT Carl A. Albert 
 
 March 9, 2012 
 
 Director 

/ S / S TEPHEN H.
B ITTEL Stephen H. Bittel 
 
 March 9, 2012 
 
 Director 

/ S / P ETER R.
D EUTSCH Peter R. Deutsch 
 
 March 9, 2012 
 
 Director 

/ S / N ATHAN D.
L EIGHT Nathan D. Leight 
 
 March 9, 2012 
 
 Director 

/ S / D OUGLAS B.
M ACKIE Douglas B. Mackie 
 
 March 9, 2012 
 
 Director 

/ S / J ASON G.
W EISS Jason G. Weiss 
 
 March 9, 2012 
 
 Director 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 I. EXHIBIT INDEX 

Number 
 
 Document Description 

2.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 22, 2003, among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, GLDD Acquisitions Corp., GLDD Merger
Sub, Inc. and Vectura Holding Company LLC. (1) 

2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among GLDD Acquisitions Corp., Aldabra Acquisition Corporation, and certain shareholders of Aldabra Acquisition Corporation and GLDD Acquisitions
Corp., dated as of June 20, 2006. (2) 

2.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 21, 2006, among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Holdings Corp., Aldabra Acquisition Corporation, and GLH Merger Sub, L.L.C.
(3) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Holdings Corp., effective December 26, 2006 (now renamed Great Lakes Dredge 
Dock Corporation). (4) 

3.2 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, effective as of March 8, 2011. (5) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Ownership and Merger of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation with and into Great Lakes Dredge Dock Holdings Corp. (6) 

4.1 
 
 Indenture, dated January 28, 2011, by and among the Company, certain subsidiary guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. (7) 

4.2 
 
 Form of 7.375 Senior Note due 2019 (filed as Exhibit A to the Indenture, dated January 28, 2011, by and among the Company, certain subsidiary guarantors named therein and
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee). (7) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate for Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation. (12) 

10.1 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 12, 2007, among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, the other loan parties from time to time party thereto, the financial
institutions from time to time party thereto and LaSalle Bank National Association, as Swing Line Lender, Sole Lead Arranger and Administrative Agent. (13) 

10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2009, among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, the other loan parties from time to time party
thereto, the financial institutions from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as successor by merger to LaSalle Bank National Association, as Swing Line Lender, Sole Lead Arranger, Issuing Lender and Administrative Agent.
(10) 

10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2010, among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, the other loan parties from time to time party thereto, the
financial institutions from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as successor by merger to LaSalle Bank National Association, as Swing Line Lender, Sole Lead Arranger, Issuing Lender and Administrative Agent. (28) 

10.4 
 
 Consent and Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2010, among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, the other loan parties from time to time party
thereto, the financial institutions from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as successor by merger to LaSalle Bank National Association, as Swing Line Lender, Sole Lead Arranger, Issuing Lender and Administrative Agent.
(8) 

10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement dated as of September 7, 2011 among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, the other Loan Parties from time to time party to the Credit
Agreement, the Lenders signatory thereto and Bank of America, N.A. (successor by merger to LaSalle Bank National Association) as Swing Line Lender, Issuing Lender and Administrative Agent.
(30) 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Number 
 
 Document Description 

10.6 
 
 Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement dated as of November 14, 2011 among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, the other Loan Parties from time to time party to the Credit
Agreement, the Lenders signatory thereto and Bank of America, N.A. (successor by merger to LaSalle Bank National Association) as Swing Line Lender, Issuing Lender and Administrative Agent. (31) 

10.7 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Underwriting and Continuing Indemnity Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2003, among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, certain of its
subsidiaries, Travelers Casualty and Surety Company and Travelers Casualty and Surety Company of America. (9) 

10.8 
 
 First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Underwriting and Continuing Indemnity Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2004, by and among Great Lakes Dredge Dock
Corporation, certain of its subsidiaries, Travelers Casualty and Surety Company and Travelers Casualty and Surety Company of America. (11) 

10.9 
 
 Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Underwriting and Continuing Indemnity Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2005, by and among the Great Lakes Dredge 
Dock Corporation, the subsidiaries of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Company, Travelers Casualty and Surety Company, United Pacific Insurance Company, Reliance National Insurance Company, Reliance Surety Company and Travelers Casualty and Surety
Company of America. (15) 

10.10 
 
 Third Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Underwriting and Continuing Indemnity Agreement dated as of September 28, 2006, by and among Great Lakes Dredge Dock
Corporation, certain of its subsidiaries, Travelers Casualty and Surety Company and Travelers Casualty and Surety Company of America. (16) 

10.11 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Underwriting and Continuing Indemnity Agreement dated as of June 12, 2007, by and among Great Lakes Dredge Dock
Corporation, certain of its subsidiaries, Travelers Casualty and Surety Company of America. (20) 

10.12 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Underwriting and Continuing Indemnity Agreement dated as of April 27, 2009, by and among Great Lakes Dredge Dock
Corporation, certain of its subsidiaries, Travelers Casualty and Surety Company of America. (17) 

10.13 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Underwriting and Continuing Indemnity Agreement, dated January 24, 2011, by and among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company
party thereto, Travelers Casualty and Surety Company and Travelers Casualty and Surety Company of America. (7) 

10.14 
 
 Seventh Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Underwriting and Continuing Indemnity Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2011, by and among Great Lakes Dredge Dock
Corporation, certain of its subsidiaries, Travelers Casualty and Surety Company and Travelers Casualty and Surety Company of America. (31) 

10.15 
 
 International Letter of Credit Agreement, dated September 29, 2006, by and among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and Wells Fargo HSBC Trade Bank.
(27) 

10.16 
 
 First Amendment to International Letter of Credit Agreement, dated July 16, 2007, by and among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and Wells Fargo HSBC Trade Bank.
(18) 

10.17 
 
 Second Amendment to International Letter of Credit Agreement dated September 29, 2009, by and among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, Great Lakes
Dredge Dock Company, LLC and Wells Fargo HSBC Trade Bank, NA. (19) 

10.18 
 
 Reaffirmation, Ratification and Assumption Agreement dated December 26, 2006, by and between Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation (formerly named Great Lakes
Dredge Dock Holdings Corp.) and Wells Fargo HSBC Trade Bank, N.A. (6) 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Number 
 
 Document Description 

10.19 
 
 Amended and Restated Management Equity Agreement dated December 26, 2006 by and among Aldabra Acquisition Corporation, Great Lakes Dredge Dock Holdings Corp. and
each of the other persons identified on the signature pages thereto. (6) 

10.20 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Jonathan W. Berger. (14) 

10.21 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Bruce J. Biemeck. (14) 

10.22 
 
 Summary of Oral Employment Agreements with Named Executive Officers. (12) 

10.23 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Great Lakes Dredge Dock Company, LLC Annual Bonus Plan effective as of January 1, 2012 (29) 

10.24 
 
 401(k) Savings Plan. (21) 

10.25 
 
 401(k) Lost Benefit Plan. (12) 

10.26 
 
 Lease Agreement between North American Site Developers, Inc. and MJC Berry Enterprises, LLC, dated as of December 31, 2006. (22) 

10.27 
 
 Form of Investor Rights Agreement among Aldabra Acquisition Corporation, Great Lakes Dredge Dock Holdings Corp., Madison Dearborn Capital Partners IV, L.P., certain
stockholders of Aldabra Acquisition Corporation and certain stockholders of GLDD Acquisitions Corp. (3) 

10.28 
 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated April 30, 2008, by and among NASDI Holdings Corporation, Christopher A. Berardi and NASDI, LLC. (23) 

10.29 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2008, by and between NASDI Holdings Corporation and Christopher A. Berardi. (23) 

10.30 
 
 Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (24) 

10.31 
 
 Form of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 2007 Long-Term Incentive
Plan. (25) 

10.32 
 
 Form of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 2007 Long-Term Incentive
Plan. (25) 

10.33 
 
 Form of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Performance Vesting RSU Award Agreement pursuant to the Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan.
 (25) 

10.34 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Richard Lowry. (32) 

10.35 
 
 Separation Agreement with Douglas B. Mackie effective as of September 7, 2010. (14) 

10.36 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2010 among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, L.W. Matteson, Inc., Lawrence W. Matteson and Larry W. Matteson.
(8) 

10.37 
 
 Lease Agreement dated as of December 31, 2010 between, L.W. Matteson, Inc. and Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation. (8) 

10.38 
 
 Secured Subordinated Promissory Note dated December 31, 2010, made and delivered by Great Lakes Dredge Dock, LLC in favor of L.W. Matteson, Inc. (8) 

12.1 
 
 Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 

14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. (26) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Number 
 
 Document Description 

31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 6, 2004
(Commission file no. 333-64687). 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 22, 2006
(Commission file no. 333-64687). 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Holding Corp. s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on
August 24, 2006 (Commission file no. 333-136861-01). 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the Commission on
December 26, 2006 (Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 14, 2011
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 29, 2006
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(7) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 28, 2011
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(8) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 3, 2011
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(9) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on August 17, 2010
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(10) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 5, 2009
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(11) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on August 17, 2010
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(12) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 22, 2007
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(13) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 15, 2007
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(14) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 8, 2010
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(15) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 17, 2005
(Commission file no. 333-64687). 

(16) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 4, 2006
(Commission file no. 333-64687). 
 58 

Table of Contents 

(17) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 29, 2009
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(18) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on August 17, 2010
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(19) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 5, 2009
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(20) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on August 17, 2010
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(21) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30, 2005
(Commission file no. 333-64687). 

(22) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 20, 2007
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(23) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 6, 2008
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(24) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Commission on April 3,
2008 (Commission file no. 333-150067). 

(25) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 1, 2011
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(26) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 24, 2005
(Commission file no. 333-64687). 

(27) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on August 17, 2010
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(28) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 11, 2010
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(29) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 17, 2012
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(30) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 13, 2011
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(31) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 16, 2011
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

(32) 
 Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 9, 2007
(Commission file no. 001-33225). 

Filed herewith 

Compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

61 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2011 AND 2010, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2011, 2010 AND
2009 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

62 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

63 

Consolidated Statements of Equity 

64 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

65 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

66 

60 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation Oak Brook, Illinois 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and subsidiaries (the
 Company as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the related consolidated statements of operations, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2011. Our audits also included the financial
statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and
financial statement schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, such
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2011, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when
considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2011, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 9, 2012 expressed an
unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

Chicago, Illinois 
 
 March 9, 2012 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2011 AND 2010 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2011 

2010 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

113,288 

48,478 

Accounts receivable net 

120,268 

95,548 

Contract revenues in excess of billings 

26,412 

24,842 

Inventories 

33,426 

31,734 

Prepaid expenses 

3,979 

3,448 

Other current assets 

28,405 

18,919 

Total current assets 

325,778 

222,969 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Net 

310,520 

323,231 

GOODWILL 

98,049 

98,049 

OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS Net 

814 

3,280 

INVENTORIES Noncurrent 

30,103 

27,128 

INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES 

6,923 

7,329 

OTHER 

16,273 

11,839 

TOTAL 

788,460 

693,825 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

82,745 

82,721 

Accrued expenses 

31,121 

32,809 

Billings in excess of contract revenues 

13,627 

14,484 

Current portion of note payable 

2,500 

2,500 

Current portion of equipment debt 

533 

303 

Total current liabilities 

130,526 

132,817 

LONG TERM NOTE PAYABLE 

2,500 

5,000 

7 3/8 SENIOR NOTES 

250,000 

7 3/4 SENIOR SUBORDINATED NOTES 

175,000 

DEFERRED INCOME TAXES 

104,352 

92,466 

OTHER 

8,545 

11,717 

Total liabilities 

495,923 

417,000 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 12) 

EQUITY: 

Common stock .0001 par value; 90,000,000 authorized, 58,999,404 and 58,770,369 shares issued and outstanding at
December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively. 

6 

6 

Additional paid-in capital 

267,918 

266,329 

Retained earnings 

24,042 

12,261 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

3 

357 

Total Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation equity 

291,969 

278,953 

NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 

568 

(2,128) 

Total equity 

292,537 

276,825 

TOTAL 

788,460 

693,825 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2011, 2010 AND 2009 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

2011 

2010 

2009 

CONTRACT REVENUES 

627,333 

686,922 

622,244 

COSTS OF CONTRACT REVENUES 

534,316 

564,140 

534,000 

GROSS PROFIT 

93,017 

122,782 

88,244 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

50,434 

54,352 

45,993 

GAIN ON SALE OF ASSETS Net 

(11,711) 

Total operating income 

54,294 

68,430 

42,251 

OTHER EXPENSE: 

Interest expense net 

(21,665) 

(13,542) 

(16,150) 
 
 Equity in loss of joint ventures 

(406) 

(614) 

(384) 
 
 Loss on foreign currency transactions net 

(282) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(5,145) 

Total other expense 

(27,498) 

(14,156) 

(16,534) 

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

26,796 

54,274 

25,717 

INCOME TAX EXPENSE 

(9,545) 

(20,554) 

(10,983) 

NET INCOME 

17,251 

33,720 

14,734 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(723) 

889 

2,734 

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS OF GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION 

16,528 

34,609 

17,468 

Basic earnings per share attributable to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 

0.28 

0.59 

0.30 

Basic weighted-average shares 

58,891 

58,647 

58,507 

Diluted earnings per share attributable to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 

0.28 

0.59 

0.30 

Diluted weighted-average shares 

59,230 

58,871 

58,612 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2011, 2010 AND 2009 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Shares of Common Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Total 

BALANCE January 1, 2009 

58,484,242 

6 

262,501 

(31,812) 

(3,415) 

833 

228,113 

Acquisition of Yankee Environmental Services 

662 

662 

Share-based compensation 

57,796 

1,078 

1,078 

Dividends declared and paid 0.07 per share) 

(3,974) 

(3,974) 
 
 Dividend equivalents paid on restricted stock units 

(18) 

(18) 
 
 Comprehensive income (loss): 

Net income (loss) 

17,468 

(2,734) 

14,734 

Reclassification of derivative losses to earnings (net of tax of 2,101) 

3,164 

3,164 

Change in fair value of derivatives (net of tax of 524) 

790 

790 

Total comprehensive income (loss): 

(2,734) 

18,688 

BALANCE December 31, 2009 

58,542,038 

6 

263,579 

(18,336) 

539 

(1,239) 

244,549 

Share-based compensation 

79,067 

2,094 

2,094 

Vesting of restricted stock units, including impact of shares withheld for taxes 

13,302 

Exercise of stock options 

135,962 

656 

656 

Dividends declared and paid 0.07 per share) 

(3,988) 

(3,988) 
 
 Dividend equivalents paid on restricted stock units 

(24) 

(24) 
 
 Comprehensive income (loss): 

Net income (loss) 

34,609 

(889) 

33,720 

Reclassification of derivative gains to earnings (net of tax of 213) 

(321) 

(321) 
 
 Change in fair value of derivatives (net of tax of 92) 

139 

139 

Total comprehensive income (loss): 

(889) 

33,538 

BALANCE December 31, 2010 

58,770,369 

6 

266,329 

12,261 

357 

(2,128) 

276,825 

Share-based compensation 

116,329 

1,838 

1,838 

Vesting of restricted stock units, including impact of shares withheld for taxes 

106,428 

(291) 

(291) 
 
 Exercise of stock options 

6,278 

27 

27 

Excess income tax benefit from share based compensation 

55 

55 

Acquisition of noncontrolling interest in NASDI, LLC 

(40) 

1,973 

1,933 

Dividends declared and paid 0.08 per share) 

(4,711) 

(4,711) 
 
 Dividend equivalents paid on restricted stock units 

(36) 

(36) 
 
 Comprehensive income (loss): 

Net income 

16,528 

723 

17,251 

Currency translation adjustment (net of tax of 177) 

(267) 

(267) 
 
 Reclassification of derivative gains to earnings (net of tax of 882) 

(1,437) 

(1,437) 
 
 Change in fair value of derivatives (net of tax of 824) 

1,350 

1,350 

Total comprehensive income: 

723 

16,897 

BALANCE December 31, 2011 

58,999,404 

6 

267,918 

24,042 

3 

568 

292,537 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2011, 2010 AND 2009 
 (In thousands) 

2011 

2010 

20 0 9 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

17,251 

33,720 

14,734 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

40,838 

34,301 

33,023 

Equity in loss of joint ventures 

406 

614 

384 

Distribution from equity joint ventures 

621 

Loss on extinguishment of 7 3/4 senior subordinated notes 

5,145 

Deferred income taxes 

14,332 

7,405 

1,401 

Gain on dispositions of property and equipment 

(11,711) 

(505) 

(651) 
 
 Gain on adjustment of contingent earnout 

(1,400) 

Amortization of deferred financing fees 

1,515 

1,607 

1,677 

Unrealized foreign currency loss 

513 

Share-based compensation expense 

1,838 

2,094 

1,078 

Excess income tax benefit from share based compensation 

(55) 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

(25,659) 

56,603 

(33,281) 
 
 Contract revenues in excess of billings 

(3,759) 

3,510 

2,925 

Inventories 

(4,667) 

2,630 

9,836 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

(12,340) 

(847) 

3,529 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

3,888 

(5,053) 

12,591 

Billings in excess of contract revenues 

(857) 

(11,078) 

5,119 

Other noncurrent assets and liabilities 

(715) 

(1,470) 

1,012 

Net cash flows provided by operating activities 

24,563 

123,531 

53,998 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

(33,433) 

(25,258) 

(24,666) 
 
 Proceeds from dispositions of property and equipment 

16,717 

431 

1,028 

Acquisition of Matteson assets 

(37,869) 

Acquisition of controlling interest in Yankee Environmental Services 

(1,229) 

Net cash flows used in investing activities 

(16,716) 

(62,696) 

(24,867) 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of 7 3/8 senior notes 

250,000 

Redemption of 7 3/4 senior subordinated notes 

(175,000) 

Senior subordinated notes redemption premium 

(2,264) 

Deferred financing fees 

(5,962) 

Repayment of long term note payable 

(2,500) 

Dividends paid 

(4,711) 

(3,988) 

(3,974) 
 
 Dividend equivalents paid on restricted stock units 

(36) 

(24) 

(18) 
 
 Taxes paid on settlement of vested share awards 

(291) 

Repayments of equipment debt 

(1,911) 

(1,251) 

(1,867) 
 
 Exercise of stock options 

27 

656 

Excess income tax benefit from share-based compensation 

55 

Borrowings under revolving loans 

14,968 

158,877 

Repayments of revolving loans 

(25,968) 

(189,377) 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 

57,407 

(15,607) 

(36,359) 

Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 

(444) 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

64,810 

45,228 

(7,228) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

48,478 

3,250 

10,478 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

113,288 

48,478 

3,250 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for interest 

12,485 

13,269 

14,764 

Cash paid for income taxes 

5,270 

16,332 

8,677 

Non-cash Investing Activity 

Property and equipment purchased but not yet paid 

5,222 

8,559 

4,187 

Property and equipment purchased on capital leases and equipment notes 

2,127 

109 

615 

Acquisition of noncontrolling interest in NASDI, LLC 

40 

Purchase price of Matteson assets comprised of promissory notes and other liabilities 

9,140 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2011 AND 2010 AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2011, 2010 AND 2009 (In thousands, except
share and per share amounts) 

1. 
 NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Organization Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company 
or Great Lakes are in the business of marine construction, primarily dredging, and commercial and industrial demolition. The Company s primary dredging customers are domestic and foreign government agencies, as well as private
entities, and its primary demolition customers are general contractors, corporations that commission projects, nonprofit institutions such as universities and hospitals, and local government and municipal agencies. 
 Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Great
Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and its majority-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. The equity method of accounting is used for investments in unconsolidated investees in which
the Company has significant influence, but not control. Other investments, if any, are carried at cost. Use of
Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain
reported amounts and disclosures. Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates. Revenue and Cost
Recognition on Contracts Substantially all of the Company s contracts for dredging services are fixed-price contracts, which provide for remeasurement based on actual quantities dredged. The majority of the Company s demolition
contracts are also fixed-price contracts, with others managed as time-and-materials. Contract revenues are recognized under the percentage-of-completion method, based on the Company s engineering estimates of the physical percentage completed
for dredging projects and using a cost-to-cost approach for demolition projects. For dredging projects, costs of contract revenues are adjusted to reflect the gross profit percentage expected to be achieved upon ultimate completion. For demolition
contracts, contract revenues are adjusted to reflect the estimated gross profit percentage. Revisions in estimated gross profit percentages are recorded in the period during which the change in circumstances is experienced or becomes known. As the
duration of most of the Company s contracts is one year or less, the cumulative net impact of these revisions in estimates, individually and in the aggregate across our projects, does not significantly affect our results across reporting
periods. Provisions for estimated losses on contracts in progress are made in the period in which such losses are determined. Claims for additional compensation due to the Company are not recognized in contract revenues until such claims are
settled. Billings on contracts are generally submitted after verification with the customers of physical progress and may not match the timing of revenue recognition. The difference between amounts billed and recognized as revenue is reflected in
the balance sheet as either contract revenues in excess of billings or billings in excess of contract revenues. Modifications may be negotiated when a change from the original contract specification is encountered, and a change in project scope,
performance methodology and/or material disposal is necessary. Thus, the resulting modification is considered a change in the scope of the original project to which it relates. Significant expenditures incurred incidental to major contracts are
deferred and recognized as contract costs based on contract performance over the duration of the related project. These expenditures are reported as prepaid expenses. The components of costs of contract revenues include labor, equipment (including depreciation, maintenance, insurance and long-term rentals), subcontracts, fuel and project overhead. Hourly labor is
generally hired on a project-by-project basis. Costs of contract revenues vary significantly depending on the type and 
 66 

Table of Contents 

location of work performed and assets utilized. Generally, capital projects have the highest margins due to the complexity of the projects, while beach nourishment projects have the most volatile
margins because they are most often exposed to variability in weather conditions. In the current year consolidated statements of operations, the Company has presented gains, net of losses, on the sale of assets as a separate line item in operating
income. In the prior years, gains, net of losses, on the sale of assets were included in costs of contract revenues and were 467 and 614 for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 
 The Company s cost structure includes significant annual equipment-related costs, including depreciation, maintenance, insurance and
long-term rentals. These costs have averaged approximately 21 to 22 of total costs of contract revenues over the prior three years. During the year, both equipment utilization and the timing of fixed cost expenditures fluctuate significantly.
Accordingly, the Company allocates these fixed equipment costs to interim periods in proportion to revenues recognized over the year, to better match revenues and expenses. Specifically, at each interim reporting date the Company compares actual
revenues earned to date on its dredging contracts to expected annual revenues and recognizes equipment costs on the same proportionate basis. In the fourth quarter, any over or under allocated equipment costs are recognized such that the expense for
the year equals actual equipment costs incurred during the year. Classification of Current Assets and
Liabilities The Company includes in current assets and liabilities amounts realizable and payable in the normal course of contract completion, unless completion of such contracts extends significantly beyond one year. 
 Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity at purchase of three months or less to
be cash equivalents. Accounts Receivable , net Accounts receivable represent amounts due or billable under
the terms of contracts with customers, including amounts related to retainage. The Company anticipates collection of retainage generally within one year, and accordingly presents retainage as a current asset. A portion of retainage will not be
collected until after one year and is classified as other non-current assets. The Company provides an allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts receivable when events or conditions indicate that amounts outstanding are not recoverable.
 Inventories Inventories consist of pipe and spare parts used in the Company s dredging operations. Pipe and
spare parts are purchased in large quantities; therefore, a certain amount of pipe and spare part inventories is not anticipated to be used within the current year and is classified as long-term. Inventories are stated at the lower of net realizable
value or weighted average historical cost. Property and Equipment Capital additions, improvements, and major
renewals are classified as property and equipment and are carried at depreciated cost. Maintenance and repairs that do not significantly extend the useful lives of the assets or enhance the capabilities of such assets are charged to expenses as
incurred. Depreciation is recorded over the estimated useful lives of property and equipment using the straight-line method and the mid-year depreciation convention. The estimated useful lives by class of assets are: 

Class 
 
 Useful Life (years) 

Buildings and improvements 
 
 10 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 
 5-10 
 
 Vehicles, dozers, and other light operating equipment and systems 
 
 3-5 
 
 Heavy operating equipment (dredges and barges) 
 
 10-30 
 Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of their remaining useful lives or the remaining
terms of the leases. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill represents the excess of cost over fair value.
Other identifiable intangible assets mainly represent developed technology and databases, customer relationships, and customer contracts acquired in business combinations and are being amortized over a one to ten-year period.
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Goodwill is tested annually for impairment in the third quarter of each year, or more frequently should circumstances dictate. GAAP requires that goodwill of a reporting unit be tested for
impairment between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. The Company assesses the fair values of its reporting units using both a market-based approach and an income-based approach. Under the income approach, the fair value of the reporting unit is based on the
present value of estimated future cash flows. The income approach is dependent on a number of factors, including estimates of future market growth trends, forecasted revenues and expenses, appropriate discount rates and other variables. The
estimates are based on assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable, but such assumptions are subject to unpredictability and uncertainty. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value,
and may result in the impairment of goodwill in the event that actual results differ from those estimates. The market
approach measures the value of a reporting unit through comparison to comparable companies. Under the market approach, the Company uses the guideline public company method by applying estimated market-based enterprise value multiples to the
reporting unit s estimated revenue and Adjusted EBITDA. The Company analyzed companies that performed similar services or are considered peers. Due to the fact that there are no public companies that are direct competitors, the Company weighed
the results of this approach less than the income approach. The Company operates in two reportable segments: dredging and
demolition. These reportable segments are the Company s operating segments and the reporting units at which the Company tests goodwill for impairment. In 2011, the Company early adopted new accounting guidance that allows for the option to
perform a qualitative assessment prior to calculating the fair value of a reporting unit in the first step of the annual goodwill impairment testing. The adoption of this new accounting principle had no impact as the Company chose to perform a
quantitative assessment of impairment in the current year. The Company performed its most recent annual test of impairment as of July 1, 2011 for the goodwill in both the dredging and demolition segments with no indication of goodwill
impairment as of the test date. As of the test date, the fair value of both the dredging segment and the demolition segment were in excess of their carrying values by approximately 35 and 8 , respectively. Given the small margin with which the
demolition segment s fair value is in excess of its carrying value, a more than insignificant decline in the demolition segment s future operating results or cash flow forecasts versus the segment s current forecasts could potentially
cause a goodwill impairment charge to be recognized in a future period. The Company will perform its next scheduled annual test of goodwill in the third quarter of 2012 should no triggering events occur which would require a test prior to the next
annual test. Long-Lived Assets Long-lived assets are comprised of property and equipment and intangible assets
subject to amortization. Long-lived assets to be held and used are reviewed for possible impairment whenever events indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable by comparing the undiscounted cash flows associated with the
assets to their carrying amounts. If such a review indicates an impairment, the carrying amount would be reduced to fair value. If long-lived assets are to be disposed, depreciation is discontinued, if applicable, and the assets are reclassified as
held for sale at the lower of their carrying amounts or fair values less estimated costs to sell. No triggering events were identified in 2011 or 2010. Self-insurance Reserves The Company self-insures costs associated with its seagoing employees covered by the provisions of Jones Act, workers compensation claims, hull and equipment
liability, and general business liabilities up to certain limits. Insurance reserves are established for estimates of the loss that the Company may ultimately incur on reported claims, as well as estimates of claims that have been incurred but not
yet reported. In determining its estimates, the Company considers historical loss experience and judgments about the present and expected levels of cost per claim. Trends in actual experience are a significant factor in the determination of such
reserves. The Company was previously a member of an insurance association that provided personal injury coverage for its
maritime workforce in excess of self-insurance retention limits. Under the prior plan the Company was subject to retroactive premium adjustments based on the association s claims experience and investment
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

performance. The Company accrued for retroactive premium adjustments when assessed by the insurance association. As the Company is no longer a member of the insurance association, there were no
assessments accrued for the year ended December 31, 2011. During the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, there were 2,207 and 1,983 recorded for retroactive assessments, respectively. 
 Income Taxes The provision for income taxes includes federal, foreign, and state income taxes currently payable and those
deferred because of temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities. Recorded deferred income tax assets and liabilities are based on the estimated future tax effects of differences between the financial
and tax basis of assets and liabilities, given the effect of currently enacted tax laws. The Company s current policy is to repatriate all earnings from foreign subsidiaries operations as generated and at this time no amounts are
considered to be permanently reinvested in those operations. Hedging Instruments The Company designates certain
derivative contracts as a cash flow hedge as defined by GAAP. Accordingly, the Company formally documents, at the inception of each hedge, all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as our risk-management objective
and strategy for undertaking hedge transactions. This process includes linking all derivatives to highly-probable forecasted transactions. The Company formally assesses, at inception and on an ongoing basis, the effectiveness of hedges in offsetting changes in the cash flows of hedged items. Hedge accounting treatment is discontinued when
(1) it is determined that the derivative is no longer highly effective in offsetting changes in the cash flows of a hedged item (including hedged items for forecasted future transactions), (2) the derivative expires or is sold, terminated
or exercised, (3) it is no longer probable that the forecasted transaction will occur or (4) management determines that designating the derivative as a hedging instrument is no longer appropriate. If management elects to stop hedge
accounting, it would be on a prospective basis and any hedges in place would be recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until all the related forecasted transactions are completed or are probable of not occuring. 
 Foreign Currency Translation The financial statements of the Company s foreign subsidiaries where the operations are
primarily denominated in the foreign currency are translated into U.S. dollars for reporting. Balance sheet accounts are translated at the current foreign exchange rate at the end of each period and income statement accounts are translated at the
average foreign exchange rate for each period. Gains and losses on foreign currency translations are reflected as a currency translation adjustment, net of tax, in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Foreign currency transaction gains and
losses are included in loss on foreign currency transactions, net. Noncontrolling Interest The Company previously
owned 65 of the profits interests of NASDI, LLC NASDI ), a demolition service provider located in the Boston, Massachusetts area. Effective January 1, 2011 the Company reacquired Mr. Christopher Berardi s 35 membership
interest in NASDI for no cost per the terms of NASDI s limited liability company agreement. This resulted in the elimination of noncontrolling interest of 1,973. The Company now owns 100 of NASDI. 
 In March 2011, Mr. Berardi resigned his employment with the Company s demolition segment effective April 29, 2011.
Mr. Berardi s resignation and the repurchase of his NASDI membership interest also resulted in the reversal of a 1,933 accrual established in conjunction with a prior restructuring of ownership interest in NASDI. This reversal was
recorded directly to equity as part of the reacquisition of the noncontrolling interest. On January 1, 2009 the Company
acquired a 65 interest in Yankee Environmental Services, LLC Yankee ). Noncontrolling interest at December 31, 2011 is related to the membership interest the Company does not own in Yankee. 
 Earnings Per Share Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to common stockholders by the
weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per share is computed similar to basic earnings per share except that it reflects the potential dilution that
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

could occur if dilutive securities or other obligations to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, 299,132,
zero and zero options to purchase shares of common stock NQSO ), respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share. The options were excluded based on the application of the treasury stock method, as such
options were determined to be anti-dilutive. The computations for basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 are as follows: 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Net income attributable to common shareholders of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 

16,528 

34,609 

17,468 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic 

58,890,780 

58,646,511 

58,506,608 

Effect of stock options and restricted stock units 

339,039 

224,426 

105,674 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding diluted 

59,229,819 

58,870,937 

58,612,282 

Earnings per share basic 

0.28 

0.59 

0.30 

Earnings per share diluted 

0.28 

0.59 

0.30 
 
 Future Adoption of Accounting Standards In May 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued an amendment to their accounting guidance to clarify existing standards and to improve comparability of fair value measurements disclosed in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP and International Financial
Reporting Standards IFRS ). The amendment clarifies the FASB s intent as it relates to existing measurement guidance and revises some requirements for measuring or disclosing information about fair value measurements. The amendment
will be effective for Great Lakes on January 1, 2012 and is not expected to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. In June and December 2011, the FASB issued amendments to their accounting guidance that requires presentation of net income and total comprehensive income, together with their components, either in a
single continuous statement or in two separate but consecutive statements. The amendment does not alter any current recognition or measurement requirements in respect of items of other comprehensive income. When adopted, Great Lakes will cease to
present the components of other comprehensive income within the statements of equity. The amendment will be effective for Great Lakes on January 1, 2012. 

2. 
 RESTRICTED AND ESCROWED CASH 
 At December 31, 2011 and 2010, other noncurrent assets include 1,500 of cash held in escrow as security for the
Company s lease rental obligation under a long-term equipment operating lease. At December 31, 2011 the Company
held cash and cash equivalents of 6,489 in an escrow account related to its sale of real estate in Channelview, TX. The escrow is intended to transfer the proceeds from the sale to the purchase of a like-kind property, and due to the availability
of the funds to the Company is not deemed to be restricted. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND CONTRACTS IN PROGRESS 
 Accounts receivable at December 31, 2011 and 2010, are as follows: 

2011 

2010 

Completed contracts 

38,317 

20,093 

Contracts in progress 

69,469 

64,399 

Retainage 

20,692 

18,634 

128,478 

103,126 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

(1,839) 

(1,655) 

Total accounts receivable 

126,639 

101,471 

Current portion of accounts receivable, net 

120,268 

95,548 

Long-term retainage 

6,371 

5,923 

Total accounts receivable 

126,639 

101,471 

The components of contracts in progress at December 31, 2011 and 2010, are as follows: 

2011 

2010 

Costs and earnings in excess of billings: 

Costs and earnings for contracts in progress 

173,187 

287,291 

Amounts billed 

(152,045) 

(263,665) 

Costs and earnings in excess of billings for contracts in progress 

21,142 

23,626 

Costs and earnings in excess of billings for completed contracts 

7,459 

1,216 

Total contract revenues in excess of billings 

28,601 

24,842 

Current portion of contract revenues in excess of billings 

26,412 

24,842 

Portion included in other noncurrent assets 

2,189 

Total contract revenues in excess of billings 

28,601 

24,842 

Billings in excess of costs and earnings: 

Amounts billed 

(427,797) 

(429,688) 
 
 Costs and earnings for contracts in progress 

414,170 

415,204 

Total billings in excess of contract revenues 

(13,627) 

(14,484) 

4. 
 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 
 Property and equipment at December 31, 2011 and 2010 are as follows: 

2011 

2010 

Land 

2,764 

2,870 

Buildings and improvements 

5,184 

5,190 

Furniture and fixtures 

3,636 

3,074 

Operating equipment 

519,008 

499,976 

Total property and equipment 

530,592 

511,110 

Accumulated depreciation 

(220,072) 

(187,879) 

Property and equipment net 

310,520 

323,231 

71 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation expense was 38,372, 33,874 and 32,251, for the years ended December 31,
2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

5. 
 GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
 The change in the carrying amount of goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 is as follows:

Dredging Segment 

Demolition Segment 

Total 

Goodwill 

76,575 

26,290 

102,865 

Accumulated impairment losses 

(4,816) 

(4,816) 

Balance January 1, 2010 

76,575 

21,474 

98,049 

Balance December 31, 2010 

76,575 

21,474 

98,049 

Balance December 31, 2011 

76,575 

21,474 

98,049 

At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the net book value of identifiable intangible assets was as follows:

As of December 31, 2011 
 
 Cost 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net 

Customer relationships 

1,481 

1,279 

202 

Software and databases 

1,209 

1,063 

146 

Non-compete agreement 

744 

313 

431 

Trade names 

88 

53 

35 

3,522 

2,708 

814 

As of December 31, 2010 

Customer relationships 

1,481 

1,223 

258 

Backlog 

2,611 

480 

2,131 

Software and databases 

1,209 

991 

218 

Non-compete agreement 

744 

137 

607 

Trade names 

88 

35 

53 

Other 

83 

70 

13 

6,216 

2,936 

3,280 

On December 31, 2010 the Company acquired the assets of L.W. Matteson, Inc. Matteson resulting in the recognition of additional intangible assets (See Note 14). The weighted average amortization period for intangible assets acquired in 2010 is 1.8 years. Intangible assets that were fully amortized at December 31, 2011 ,
including backlog and other intangible assets, have been removed from the balance sheet. Amortization expense was 2,466,
 427 and 773, for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively, and is included as a component of general and administrative expenses. Amortization expense related to intangible assets is estimated to be 254 in 2012, 254 in
2013, 163 in 2014 and 143 in 2015. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

6. 
 ACCRUED EXPENSES 
 Accrued expenses at December 31, 2011 and 2010 are as follows: 

2011 

2010 

Payroll and employee benefits 

10,763 

13,573 

Insurance 

8,285 

11,039 

Interest 

7,759 

604 

Percentage of completion adjustment 

1,855 

3,232 

Income and other taxes 

1,261 

2,977 

Other 

1,198 

1,384 

Total accrued expenses 

31,121 

32,809 

7. 
 LONG-TERM DEBT 
 Long-term debt at December 31, 2011 and 2010 is as follows: 

2011 

2010 

Equipment notes payable 

591 

366 

Note payable 

5,000 

7,500 

7.375 senior notes 

250,000 

7.75 senior subordinated notes 

175,000 

Subtotal 

255,591 

182,866 

Current portion of note payable 

(2,500) 

(2,500) 
 
 Current portion of equipment debt 

(533) 

(303) 

Total 

252,558 

180,063 

Credit agreement On June 12, 2007, the Company entered into a credit agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement with Bank of America N.A. (successor by merger to LaSalle Bank National Association) as
Administrative Agent and Issuing Lender, various other financial institutions as lenders and certain subsidiaries of the Company as Loan Parties. The Credit Agreement, provides for a revolving credit facility of up to 145,000 in borrowings and
includes sublimits for the issuance of letters of credit and swingline loans. The revolving credit facility matures on June 12, 2012. The revolving credit facility bears interest at rates selected at the option of Great Lakes, currently equal
to either LIBOR plus an applicable margin or the Base Rate plus an applicable margin. The applicable margins for LIBOR loans and Base Rate loans, as well as any non-use fee, are subject to adjustment based upon the Company s ratio of Total
Funded Debt to Adjusted Consolidated Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA (each as defined in the Credit Agreement). The obligations of Great Lakes under the Credit Agreement are unconditionally guaranteed by its direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries. Additionally, the obligations are secured by a perfected first
priority lien on certain equipment of Great Lakes subsidiary, Great Lakes Dredge Dock Company, LLC GLDD Company a perfected second priority lien on certain other equipment of GLDD Company, subject to a perfected
first priority lien in favor of Great Lakes bonding company; a perfected first priority lien on the intercompany receivables of Great Lakes and its direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries and having an equal priority to the liens of Great
Lakes bonding company; and a perfected second priority lien on the accounts receivable of Great Lakes and its direct and indirect subsidiaries that relate to bonded projects. The Credit Agreement contains various covenants and restrictions,
including (i) limitations on dividends to 5 million per year, (ii) limitations on redemptions and repurchases of capital stock, (iii) limitations on the incurrence of indebtedness, liens, leases, and investments, and
(iv) maintenance of certain financial covenants. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2011, the Company had no borrowings and 26,900 of letters of credit
outstanding, resulting in 118,100 of availability under the Credit Agreement. There were no borrowings from the revolving credit facility during 2011. At December 31, 2011, the Company was in compliance with its various covenants under its Credit Agreement. Senior notes In January 2011, the Company issued 250,000 of 7.375 senior
notes due February 1, 2019. The senior notes were issued at 100 of face value resulting in net proceeds of 244,171. Also in January 2011, the Company redeemed all of its 175,000 of 7.75 senior subordinated notes due December 2013 for
 180,014, which included a redemption premium and accrued and unpaid interest. The net proceeds of the issuance of the senior notes were used to redeem the senior subordinated notes. The remaining net proceeds from the issuance of the senior notes
were used to augment working capital and could be used in the future for acquisitions. Other 
 Great Lakes has a 24,000 International Letter of Credit Facility with Wells Fargo HSBC Trade Bank. This facility is used for performance
and advance payment guarantees on foreign contracts, including our long-term land reclamation project in Bahrain. The Company s obligations under the agreement are guaranteed by the Company s foreign accounts receivable. In addition, the
Export-Import Bank of the United States Ex-Im Bank has issued a guarantee under the Ex-Im Bank s Working Capital Guarantee Program, which covers 90 of the obligations owing under the facility. At December 31, 2011, there
were 11,724 of letters of credit outstanding under this facility. In accordance with the purchase of Matteson (See Note 14),
the Company issued a secured promissory note in the amount of 7,500 to the former owners of Matteson. Remaining principal payments of 2,500 each are due on December 31, 2012 and 2013. Interest payments at the annual rate of 6 are due
quarterly. The scheduled principal payments through the maturity date of the Company s long-term debt, excluding
equipment notes, at December 31, 2011, are as follows: 

Years Ending December 31 

2012 

2,500 

2013 

2,500 

2014 

2015 

Thereafter 

250,000 

Total 

255,000 

The Company incurred amortization of deferred financing fees for its long term debt of 1,515, 1,607 and
 1,677 for each of the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009. The Company sometimes enters into equipment note
arrangements or capital leases to finance the acquisition of dozers, excavators and other operating equipment. In 2011 and 2010, the Company entered into equipment notes totaling 2,127 and 109, respectively. The current portion of equipment notes
payable is 533 and 303, at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The long-term portion of these equipment notes is included in other long-term liabilities and totaled 58 and 63 at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The terms
of these equipment notes extend through 2013. The net book value of the related assets was 2,450 and 1,335 at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Payments on these equipment notes will be 533 and 58 in 2012 and 2013. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

8. 
 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
 Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an
exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. A fair value hierarchy has been established by GAAP that requires an entity to
maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The accounting guidance describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 
 Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets
that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 
 The Company utilizes the market approach to measure fair value for its financial assets and liabilities. The market approach uses
prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The Company recognizes transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period in
which the event giving rise to the transfer occurred. At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company held certain derivative contracts that it uses to manage foreign currency risk, commodity price risk and interest rate risk. The Company does
not hold or issue derivatives for speculative or trading purposes. The fair value of these financial instruments are summarized as follows: 

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 

Description 
 
 At December 
31, 2011 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level
 3) 

Fuel hedge contracts 

449 

449 

Interest rate swap contracts 

755 

755 

Foreign exchange contracts 

155 

155 

Total assets measured at fair value 

1,359 

1,359 

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 

Description 
 
 At December 
31, 2010 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level
 3) 

Fuel hedge contracts 

595 

595 

Interest rate swap contracts 

1,264 

1,264 

Total assets measured at fair value 

1,859 

595 

1,264 

Interest rate swap contracts 
 In May 2009, the Company entered into two interest rate swap arrangements, which are effective through December 15, 2012, to
swap a notional amount of 50 million from a fixed rate of 7.75 to a floating LIBOR-based rate in order to manage the interest rate paid with respect to the Company s 7.75 senior subordinated notes. Although the senior subordinated notes were
redeemed in January 2011, the swaps remain in place. The swaps are not accounted for as a hedge; therefore, the changes in fair value are recorded as adjustments to interest expense in each reporting period. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 The Company previously verified the fair value of the interest rate swaps using a
quantitative model that contained both observable and unobservable inputs. The unobservable inputs related primarily to the implied LIBOR forward rate and the long-term nature of the contracts. At the end of the fourth quarter of 2011, the
unobservable inputs began to be corroborated by observable market data and accordingly the Company has transferred the swaps into Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level
3) 

2011 

2010 

Interest rate swap contracts 

Balance at January 1, 

1,264 

(20) 
 
 Total unrealized gains (losses) included in earnings 

(1,396) 

419 

Settlements 

887 

865 

Transfers out of Level 3 

(755) 

Balance at December 31, 

1,264 

Foreign exchange contracts 
 The Company has exposure to foreign currencies that fluctuate in relation to the U.S. dollar. The Company periodically enters into foreign
exchange forward contracts to hedge this risk. At December 31, 2011, the Company had one outstanding contract related to the Brazilian Real. This foreign exchange contract is not accounted for as a hedge. 
 Fuel hedge contracts The Company is exposed to certain market risks, primarily commodity price risk as it relates to the diesel fuel purchase requirements, which occur in the normal course of business. The Company enters into
heating oil commodity swap contracts to hedge the risk that fluctuations in diesel fuel prices will have an adverse impact on cash flows associated with its domestic dredging contracts. The Company s goal is to hedge approximately 80 of the
fuel requirements for work in backlog. As of December 31, 2011, the Company was party to various swap arrangements to
hedge the price of a portion of its diesel fuel purchase requirements for work in its backlog to be performed through September 2012. As of December 31, 2011, there were 5.2 million gallons remaining on these contracts which represent
approximately 59 of the Company s forecasted fuel purchases through September 2012. Under these swap agreements, the Company will pay fixed prices ranging from 2.65 to 2.98 per gallon. 
 At each balance sheet date, unrealized gains and losses on fuel hedge contracts are recorded as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated balance sheets. Gains and losses realized upon settlement of fuel hedge contracts are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as the fuel is utilized, as an increase or a
reduction of fuel expense, which is a component of costs of contract revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the fair value asset of the fuel hedge contracts was estimated to be 449 and 595, respectively, and
is recorded in other current assets. The gain reclassified to earnings from changes in fair value of derivatives, net of cash settlements and taxes, for the period ended December 31, 2011 was 1,437. The remaining gains included in accumulated
other comprehensive income at December 31, 2011 will be reclassified into earnings over the next nine months, corresponding to the period during which the hedged fuel is expected to be utilized. The fair values of fuel hedges are corroborated
using inputs that are readily observable in public markets; therefore, the Company determines fair value of these fuel hedges using Level 2 inputs. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 The Company is exposed to counterparty credit risk associated with non-performance of its
various derivative instruments. The Company s risk would be limited to any unrealized gains on current positions. To help mitigate this risk, the Company transacts only with counterparties that are rated as investment grade or higher. In
addition, all counterparties are monitored on a continuous basis. The fair value of derivative instruments outstanding as of
December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, is as follows: 

Balance Sheet Location 
 
 Fair Value at December 31, 

Asset derivatives: 

2011 

2010 

Derivatives designated as hedges 

Fuel hedge contracts 
 
 Other current assets 

449 

595 

Derivatives not designated as hedges 

Interest rate swaps 
 
 Other current assets 

755 

816 

Interest rate swaps 
 
 Other assets 

448 

Foreign exchange contracts 
 
 Other current assets 

155 

Total asset derivatives 

1,359 

1,859 

The carrying value of other financial instruments included in current assets and current liabilities
approximates fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. In January 2011, the Company issued 250,000 of 7.375 senior notes due February 1, 2019, which were outstanding at December 31, 2011 (See Note 7). The senior
notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and its subsidiaries that guarantee the senior notes. The fair value of the Company s senior notes is 247,500 at December 31, 2011, which is a Level 1 fair value measurement as the
senior notes value was obtained using quoted prices in active markets. 

9. 
 INCOME TAXES 
 The Company s pre- tax income from domestic and foreign operations for the years ended December 31, 2011,
2010 and 2009 is as follows: 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Domestic operations 

21,590 

56,333 

28,745 

Foreign operations 

5,206 

(2,059) 

(3,028) 

Total pre-tax income 

26,796 

54,274 

25,717 

The provision for income taxes as of December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 is as follows: 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Federal: 

Current 

(5,657) 

11,602 

7,632 

Deferred 

13,762 

6,772 

1,737 

State: 

Current 

403 

2,431 

1,967 

Deferred 

700 

(602) 

(521) 
 
 Foreign current 

337 

351 

168 

Total 

9,545 

20,554 

10,983 

77 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s income tax provision reconciles to the provision at the statutory U.S.
federal income tax rate of 35 as of December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 as follows: 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Tax provision at statutory U.S. federal income tax rate 

9,378 

18,996 

9,001 

State income tax net of federal income tax benefit 

730 

1,497 

729 

Foreign income tax benefit 

(1,367) 

440 

Secondary offering expenses 

207 

Tax on (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(253) 

268 

957 

Changes in unrecognized tax benefits 

15 

(1,215) 

Changes in valuation allowance 

1,588 

59 

Other 

(546) 

509 

89 

Income tax provision 

9,545 

20,554 

10,983 

At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for state income tax
purposes totaling 26,159 and 17,481, respectively. The outstanding carryforwards will expire between 2017 and 2026. At December 31, 2011 and 2010, a valuation allowance has been established for a portion of the deferred tax asset related to
these state net operating loss carryforwards in the amount of 492 and 271, respectively. The Company also has foreign net
operating loss carryforwards of approximately 10,164 and 7,463 as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The net operating losses expire between 2012 and 2031. At December 31, 2011 and 2010, a full valuation allowance has been
established for the deferred tax asset of 2,632 and 1,265, respectively, related to foreign net operating loss carryforwards, as the Company believes it is more likely than not that the net operating loss carryforwards will not be realized.
 As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company had 633 and 630, respectively, in unrecognized tax benefits, the
recognition of which would have an impact of 347 and 345 on the effective tax rate. The Company does not expect that total
unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months. Below is a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of each period. 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Unrecognized tax benefits January 1 

630 

2,038 

2,220 

Gross increases tax positions in prior period 

3 

142 

Gross increases current period tax positions 

69 

Gross decreases expirations in prior period 

(113) 

(231) 
 
 Gross decreases tax positions in prior period 

(1,015) 

(42) 
 
 Settlements 

(280) 

(120) 

Unrecognized tax benefits December 31, 

633 

630 

2,038 

The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income
tax expense. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company had approximately 196 and 175, respectively, of interest and penalties recorded. The Company files income tax returns at the U.S. federal level and in various state and foreign jurisdictions. U.S. federal income tax years prior to 2008 are closed and no longer subject to examination.
With few exceptions, the statute of limitations in state taxing jurisdictions in which the Company operates has expired for all years prior to 2007. In foreign jurisdictions in which the Company operates, years prior to 2009 are closed and are no
longer subject to examination. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s deferred tax assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2011 and 2010 are
as follows: 

2011 

2010 

Deferred tax assets: 

Accrued liabilities 

8,177 

10,387 

Tax credit carryforwards 

391 

Foreign NOLs 

2,632 

1,265 

State NOLs 

1,285 

777 

Valuation allowance 

(3,124) 

(1,536) 

Total deferred tax assets 

9,361 

10,893 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

(106,671) 

(94,713) 
 
 Investment in NASDI, LLC and Yankee Environmental Services 

(942) 

(155) 
 
 Fuel hedges 

(179) 

(237) 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

(107,792) 

(95,105) 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

(98,431) 

(84,212) 

As reported in the balance sheet: 

Net current deferred tax assets (included in other current assets) 

5,921 

8,254 

Net noncurrent deferred tax liabilities 

(104,352) 

(92,466) 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

(98,431) 

(84,212) 

Deferred tax assets relate primarily to reserves and other liabilities for costs and expenses not
currently deductible for tax purposes. Deferred tax liabilities relate primarily to the cumulative difference between book depreciation and amounts deducted for tax purposes. With the exception of certain state and foreign net operating loss
carryforwards, a valuation allowance has not been recorded to reduce the balance of deferred tax assets at either December 31, 2011, or December 31, 2010, because the Company believes that it is more likely than not that the deferred
income tax assets will ultimately be realized. 

10. 
 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 
 The Company s 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan ), as approved by the Board of
Directors on September 18, 2007, permits the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted stock units RSUs to its employees and directors for up to 5.8 million shares of common stock.
 Compensation cost charged to expense related to these stock-based compensation arrangements was 1,838, 2,094 and 1,078 for
the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Non-qualified stock options 
 The NQSO awards were granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company s common stock at the date of grant. The
option awards generally vest in three equal annual installments commencing on the first anniversary of the grant date, and have ten year exercise periods. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 The fair value of the NQSOs was determined at the grant date using a Black-Scholes option
pricing model, which requires the Company to make several assumptions. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect for the expected term of the option at the time of grant. The annual dividend yield on the
Company s common stock is based on estimates of future dividends during the expected term of the NQSOs. The expected life of the NQSOs was determined based upon a simplified assumption that the NQSOs will be exercised evenly from vesting to
expiration, as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected life. For grants issued in 2011 and 2010, the volatility assumptions were based on historical volatility of Great Lakes and comparable publicly-traded companies, primarily more mature and well-established
companies in the engineering and construction sector. For grants issued in 2009, the volatility assumptions were based upon
historical volatilities of comparable companies whose shares are traded using daily stock price returns equivalent to the expected term of the option. Due to a lack of sufficient historical information at the time these NQSOs were issued (since the
Company s shares were not publicly traded until December 2006) the historical volatility data for the Company was not considered in determining expected volatility. The Company also considered implied volatility data for comparable companies,
using current exchange traded options. There is not an active market for options on the Company s common stock and, as
such, implied volatility for the Company s stock was not considered. Additionally, the Company s general policy is to issue new shares of registered common stock to satisfy stock option exercises or grants of restricted stock. 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 was 2.23,
 2.52 and 1.86 respectively. The fair value of each option was estimated using the following assumptions: 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

Expected volatility 
 
 50.0 
 
 50.0 
 
 60.0 
 
 Expected dividends 
 
 1.6 
 
 1.2 
 
 1.8 
 
 Expected term (in years) 
 
 5.5 - 6.5 
 
 5.5 - 6.5 
 
 5.0 - 6.0 
 
 Risk free rate 
 
 1.5 - 2.2 
 
 2.2 - 2.8 
 
 2.2 
 A summary of stock option activity under the Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2011, and changes
during the year ended December 31, 2011, is presented below: 

Options 
 
 Shares 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 

Weighted- Average Remaining Contract Term (yrs) 

Aggregate Intrinsic Value 000 s) 

Outstanding as of January 1, 2011 

840,444 

4.99 

Granted 

444,178 

5.33 

Exercised 

(6,278) 

4.35 

Forfeited or Expired 

(18,929) 

5.06 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2011 

1,259,415 

5.11 

8.2 

607 

Vested at December 31, 2011 

602,395 

4.96 

7.3 

502 

Vested or expected to vest at December 31, 2011 

1,248,140 

5.11 

8.2 

603 

80 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted stock units RSUs generally vest in one installment on the third anniversary of the grant date. The fair value of RSUs was based upon the Company s stock price on the date of grant. A summary of the status of the
Company s non-vested RSUs as of December 31, 2011, and changes during the year ended December 31, 2011, is presented below: 

Nonvested Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Shares 

Weighted- Average Grant- Date Fair Value 

Outstanding as of January 1, 2011 

355,298 

4.97 

Granted 

305,428 

5.36 

Vested 

(154,511) 

5.32 

Forfeited 

(41,332) 

5.24 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2011 

464,883 

5.08 

Expected to vest at December 31, 2011 

446,695 

5.08 
 
 As of December 31, 2011, there was 2,881 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to
non-vested NQSOs and RSUs granted under the Plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.3 years. The Incentive Plan permits the employee to use vested shares from RSUs to satisfy the grantee s U.S. federal income tax liability resulting from the issuance of the shares through the Company s
retention of that number of common shares having a market value as of the vesting date equal to such tax obligation up to the minimum statutory withholding requirements. The amount related to shares used for such tax withholding obligations was
approximately 291 for the year ended December 31, 2011. In September 2010, Jonathan W. Berger and Bruce J. Biemeck each
received 9,208 shares of the Company s common stock per the terms of their respective employment agreements. In March 2011, Messrs. Berger and Biemeck each received 16,490 shares of the Company s common stock per the terms of their
respective employment agreements. Director compensation 
 The Company uses a combination of cash and stock-based compensation to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on our Board of
Directors. Compensation is paid to non-employee directors. Directors who are employees receive no additional compensation for services as members of the Board or any of its committees. All of our directors are non-employee directors with the
exception of Messrs. Berger and Biemeck. Douglas B. Mackie, the Company s former President and CEO, remains a director but is no longer an employee of the Company. Through December 31, 2011, Mr. Mackie has received 39 in compensation
for the prorated portion of his term as a director subsequent to the end of his consulting agreement. Stock-based compensation is paid pursuant to the Incentive Plan. Each non-employee director of the Company received an annual retainer of 125,
payable quarterly in arrears, and was paid 50 in cash and 50 in common stock of the Company. The Chairman of the Board receives an additional 150 of compensation, paid in stock. This was prorated to 123 from the date of appointment through the
end of 2011. In the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, 83,349 and 60,651 shares, respectively, of the
Company s common stock were issued to non-employee directors under the Incentive Plan. 

11. 
 RETIREMENT PLANS 
 The Company sponsors four 401(k) savings plans, one covering substantially all non-union salaried employees Salaried Plan ), a second covering its non-union hourly employees Hourly Plan ), a third plan specifically for its employees that are members of a tugboat union and a fourth for the salary and non-union
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

employees of the Company s rivers lakes division. Under the Salaried Plan and Hourly Plan, individual employees may contribute a percentage of compensation and the Company will
match a portion of the employees contributions. Additionally, the Salaried Plan includes a profit-sharing component, permitting the Company to make discretionary employer contributions to all eligible employees of the Salaried Plan. The
Company s expense for matching and discretionary contributions for 2011, 2010 and 2009, was 3,942, 4,726 and 4,086, respectively. The Company also contributes to various multiemployer pension plans pursuant to collective bargaining agreements. The information available to the Company about the multiemployer plans in which it
participates, whether via request to the plan or publicly available, is generally dated due to the nature of the reporting cycle of multiemployer plans and legal requirements under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ERISA as
amended by the Multiemployer Pension Plan Amendments Act MPPAA ). Based upon these plans most recently available annual reports, the Company s contribution to these plans were less than 5 of each such plan s total
contributions. Information on significant multiemployer pension plans in which the Company participates is included in the table below: 

Federal Identification 
 Number 

Pension Protetion 
Act of 2006 Certified Zone Status at
December 31, 
 
 Expiration of 
 Collective 
 Bargaining 
 Arrangement with the Company 

Company s Contributions 

Pension Plan Legal Name 

2011 
 
 2010 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Massachusetts Laborers Pension Fund 

04-6128298 001 

Yellow 
 
 Yellow 
 
 Various dates in 2012 

3,423 

3,084 

2,614 

Central Pension Fund of the IUOE Participating Employers 

36-6052390 001 

Green 
 
 Green 
 
 September 30, 2012 

1,759 

2,141 

1,974 

Excavators Union Local 731 Pension Fund 

13-1809825 002 

Green 
 
 Green 
 
 February 29, 2012 

716 

317 

4 

Seafarers Pension Trust 

13-6100329 001 

Green 
 
 Green 
 
 June 30, 2012 

699 

943 

974 

International Union of Operating Engineers Local 4 Pension Fund 

04-6013863 001 

Green 
 
 Green 
 
 May 31, 2014 

583 

624 

602 

Employers Operating Engineers Local 520 Pension Fund 

37-6053929 001 

Green 
 
 Green 
 
 December 31, 2014 

340 

55 

74 

Iron Workers Locals 40, 361 417 Pension Fund 

51-6102576 001 

Yellow 
 
 Yellow 
 
 June 30, 2014 

303 

183 

Other pension plans 

686 

711 

420 

8,509 

8,058 

6,662 

At December 31, 2011 a funding improvement plan was in place for the Massachusetts Laborers Pension
Fund and the Iron Workers Locals 40, 361 417 Pension Fund. Neither plan required the Company to pay a surcharge on contributions for years presented. The Company does not expect any future increased contributions to have a material
negative impact on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows for future years. The risks of participating in multiemployer plans are different from single employer plans as assets contributed are available to provide benefits to
employees of other employers and unfunded obligations from an employer that discontinues contributions are the responsibility of all remaining employers. In addition, in the event of a plan s termination or the Company s withdrawal from a
plan, the Company may be liable for a portion of the plan s unfunded vested benefits. However, information from the plans administrators is not available to permit the Company to determine its share, if any, of unfunded vested benefits.
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

12. 
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 Performance and bid bonds are customarily required for dredging and marine construction projects, as well as some
demolition projects. In September 2011, the Company entered into a new bonding agreement with Zurich American Insurance Company Zurich under which the Company can obtain performance, bid and payment bonds. The new bonding agreement
contains no restrictive covenants and lesser collateral requirements than the previous bonding agreement. The Company is using Zurich for all bonding requirements beginning in September 2011. The existing bonding agreement with Travelers Casualty
and Surety Company of America Travelers will remain in place until outstanding bonds expire as the projects underlying the bonds issued thereunder are completed. Pursuant to the existing bonding agreement, Travelers has been granted a
security interest in a substantial portion of the Company s operating equipment with a net book value of 62,682 at December 31, 2011. The Travelers bonding agreement contains provisions requiring the Company to maintain certain financial ratios and restricting the Company s ability to pay dividends, incur indebtedness, create liens
and take certain other actions. At December 31, 2011, the Company was in compliance with its various covenants under the bonding agreement with Travelers. Bid bonds are generally obtained for a percentage of bid value and amounts outstanding
typically range from 1,000 to 10,000. At December 31, 2011, the Company had outstanding performance bonds valued at approximately 336,086; however, the revenue value remaining in backlog related to these projects totaled approximately
 247,037. Legal proceedings As is customary with negotiated contracts and modifications or claims to competitively bid contracts with the federal government, the government has the right to audit the books and records of the Company
to ensure compliance with such contracts, modifications, or claims, and the applicable federal laws. The government has the ability to seek a price adjustment based on the results of such audit. Any such audits have not had, and are not expected to
have, a material impact on the financial position, operations, or cash flows of the Company. Various legal actions, claims,
assessments and other contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business are pending against the Company and certain of its subsidiaries. These matters are subject to many uncertainties, and it is possible that some of these matters could
ultimately be decided, resolved, or settled adversely to the Company. Although the Company is subject to various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business, except as described below, the Company is not currently a party
to any material legal proceedings or environmental claims. The Company accrues reserves when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company does not believe any of these proceedings,
individually or in the aggregate, would be expected to have a material effect on results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. The Company or its former subsidiary, NATCO Limited Partnership, was named as a defendant in approximately 251 asbestos-related personal injury lawsuits, the majority of which were filed between 1989 and
2000. The claims were filed on behalf of seamen or their personal representatives alleging injury or illness from exposure to asbestos while employed as seamen on Company-owned vessels. In these cases, the Company is typically one of many
defendants, including manufacturers and suppliers of products containing asbestos, as well as other vessel owners. Following certain administrative proceedings, counsel for plaintiffs agreed to name a group of cases that they intended to pursue and
to dismiss the remaining cases without prejudice. Plaintiffs have currently named 39 cases against the Company that they intend to pursue, each of which involves one plaintiff. The remaining cases against the Company were dismissed. Plaintiffs in
the dismissed cases could file a new lawsuit if they develop a new disease allegedly caused by exposure to asbestos on board our vessels. The Company is presently unable to quantify the amounts of damages being sought in these lawsuits because none
of the complaints specify a damage amount. The Company does not believe that it is probable that losses from these claims could be material, and an estimate of a range of losses relating to these claims cannot reasonably be made. Based on the
foregoing, management does not believe that any of the 39 lawsuits, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material impact on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 On August 26, 2009, the Company s subsidiary, NASDI, received a letter stating
that the Attorney General for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts is investigating alleged violations of the Massachusetts Solid Waste Act. The Company believes that the Massachusetts Attorney General is investigating illegal dumping activities at a
dump site NASDI contracted with to have waste materials disposed of between September 2007 and July 2008. Per the Massachusetts Attorney General s request, NASDI executed a tolling agreement regarding the matter in 2009 and engaged in further
discussions with the Massachusetts Attorney General s office in the second quarter of 2011 but has had no further contact with the Massachusetts Attorney General s office since then. The matter remains open, and, to the Company s
knowledge, no proceedings have currently been initiated against NASDI. Should a claim be brought, NASDI intends to defend itself vigorously. Based on consideration of all of the facts and circumstances now known, the Company does not believe this
claim will have a material impact on its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. On March 27,
2011, NASDI received a subpoena from a federal grand jury in the District of Massachusetts directing NASDI to furnish certain documents relating to certain projects performed by NASDI since January 2005. The Company conducted an internal
investigation into this matter and continues to fully cooperate with the federal grand jury subpoena. Based on the early stage of the U.S. Department of Justice s investigation and the limited information known to the Company, the Company
cannot predict the outcome of the investigation, the U.S. Attorney s views of the issues being investigated, any action the U.S. Attorney may take, or the impact, if any, that this matter may have on the Company s business, financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. On April 6, 2011, NASDI received a subpoena from the District Attorney
for Richmond County, New York in connection with a grand jury investigation. The subpoena directs NASDI to furnish certain documents relating to one project performed by NASDI and one of its subcontractors. The subpoena appears to be related to the
activities of NASDI s subcontractor for this project. The Company fully complied with the production of requested documents and has engaged in routine communications with the District Attorney s office. Based on the Company s internal
investigation to date, the Company does not believe that it will have any liability with respect to this matter. In addition, the Company intends to continue to fully cooperate with the New York grand jury subpoena. 
 The Company has not accrued any amounts with respect to these three NASDI matters as the Company does not believe, based on information
currently known to it, that a loss relating to these matters is probable, and an estimate of a range of potential losses relating to these matters cannot reasonably be made. Lease obligations The Company leases certain operating equipment and
office facilities under long-term operating leases expiring at various dates through 2020. The equipment leases contain renewal or purchase options that specify prices at the then fair value upon the expiration of the lease terms. The leases also
contain default provisions that are triggered by an acceleration of debt maturity under the terms of the Company s Credit Agreement, or, in certain instances, cross default to other equipment leases and certain lease arrangements require that
the Company maintain certain financial ratios comparable to those required by its Credit Agreement. Additionally, the leases typically contain provisions whereby the Company indemnifies the lessors for the tax treatment attributable to such leases
based on the tax rules in place at lease inception. The tax indemnifications do not have a contractual dollar limit. To date, no lessors have asserted any claims against the Company under these tax indemnification provisions. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Future minimum operating lease payments at December 31, 2011, are as follows:

2012 

16,432 

2013 

14,816 

2014 

14,286 

2015 

13,963 

2016 

13,952 

Thereafter 

20,166 

Total minimum operating lease payments 

93,615 

Total rent expense under long-term operating lease arrangements for the years ended December 31,
2011, 2010 and 2009 was 16,968, 17,397 and 17,718, respectively. This excludes expenses for equipment and facilities rented on a short-term, as-needed basis. 

13. 
 RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 The demolition business is operated out of a building owned by a minority interest owner in Yankee and prior to 2011, a
profits interest owner in NASDI. In 2011, 2010 and 2009, NASDI and Yankee paid the minority interest owner 483, 312 and 312, respectively, for rent and property taxes. Our rivers lakes group operates out of a facility owned by the former owner of Matteson. The Company paid 103 in rent to the building owner during 2011. As the purchase of Matteson occurred on
December 31, 2010, the Company paid no rents in 2010. 

14. 
 BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND REORGANIZATIONS 
 Matteson acquisition On December 31, 2010, the Company acquired the assets of L.W. Matteson, Inc., a maintenance dredging, environmental dredging and levee construction company located in Burlington, IA, for a base
purchase price of 45 million. The Matteson acquisition expands the Company s service offering into inland river, lakes and environmental dredging and levee construction using dredge material. The purchase price was subject to an adjustment
based upon the closing working capital balance, which resulted in the recognition of additional purchase price of 369. Furthermore, the seller may receive cash payments for any of the calendar years ended 2011, 2012 and 2013 if certain earnings
based criteria are met. Per the purchase agreement, if Business EBITDA for any of these calendar years exceeds 9.0 million but is equal to or less than 12.0 million, the earnout payment shall be an amount equal to the product of (i) the
amount by which Business EBITDA for such earnout period exceeds 9.0 million multiplied by (ii) 15 , and if Business EBITDA for such earnout period is greater than 12.0 million, the earnout payment shall be in an amount equal to the sum of
(i) 450 plus (ii) the product of (x) the amount by which Business EBITDA for such earnout period exceeds 12.0 million multiplied by (y) 25 . There is no limit to the amount of earnout the seller may receive. In 2011 and 2010,
the fair value of the recorded earnout liability was 240 and 1,640 of which 0 and 547 is recorded in accrued liabilities and 240 and 1,093 is recorded in other liabilities, respectively. The liability was reduced as projected future earnings
lowered the estimated calculation of the contingent earnout. The acquisition was funded with 37.5 million in cash and a
seller note of 7.5 million. The following table summarizes the allocation of purchase price: 

Property, plant and equipment 

36,173 

Inventories 

4,637 

Accounts receivable 

4,173 

Intangible assets 

2,670 

Other assets and liabilities net 

(644) 

Total 

47,009 

85 

Table of Contents 

 The purchase price has been allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed using
estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. As the acquisition took place on December 31, 2010, no income or
earnings of Matteson were included in the consolidated statement of operations of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2010. The following unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information present the consolidated results of operations of the Company as they may have appeared had the acquisition described above occurred as
of January 1, 2009 for purposes of the unaudited pro forma consolidated statements of operations. The unaudited pro
forma consolidated financial information are provided for illustrative purposes only and do not purport to present what the actual results of operations would have been had the transaction actually occurred on the date indicated, nor does it purport
to represent results of operations for any future period. The information does not reflect any cost savings or other benefits that may be obtained through synergies among the operations of the Company. 
 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2010 AND 2009 

2010 

2009 

(Unaudited) 

Revenue as reported 

686,922 

622,244 

Revenue of purchased businesses for the period prior to acquisition 

37,183 

41,003 

Pro forma revenue 

724,105 

663,247 

Net income attributable to common stockholders of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 

34,609 

17,468 

Net income of Matteson including pro forma acquisition accounting adjustments 

3,257 

4,134 

Pro forma net income attributable to common stockholders of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 

37,866 

21,602 

Senior management reorganization 
 In April 2010, the Board of Directors of the Company eliminated the position of Chief Operating Officer and created a new position,
President of Dredging Operations. In connection with this operational restructuring, Richard M. Lowry, Chief Operating Officer, left the Company and is receiving severance in accordance with his Employment Agreement. 
 On September 7, 2010, the Company announced the resignation of Douglas B. Mackie as President and Chief Executive Officer and the
appointment of Jonathan W. Berger as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Mackie continues to serve as a director. Also, on September 7, 2010, the Company announced the resignation of Deborah A. Wensel as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer, Treasurer and Secretary and the appointment of Bruce J. Biemeck as President and Chief Financial Officer. The
Company recorded expense of 6,428 in connection with the severance arrangements with its former executives in 2010. These payments are being made over a one to three year period per the terms of each former executive s arrangement and, as of
December 31, 2011 and 2010, 2,335 and 4,474, respectively, remained unpaid and was included in accrued expenses and other liabilities. Effective September 7, 2010, Messrs Berger and Biemeck continued as directors but are no longer appointed to Board Committees, and Mr. Biemeck no longer serves as Lead Director. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

15. 
 SEGMENT INFORMATION 
 The Company and its subsidiaries currently operate in two reportable segments: dredging and demolition. The
Company s financial reporting systems present various data for management to run the business, including profit and loss statements prepared according to the segments presented. Management uses operating income to evaluate performance between
the two segments. Segment information for 2011, 2010 and 2009, is provided as follows: 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Dredging: 

Contract revenues 

520,134 

608,969 

574,311 

Operating income 

53,793 

70,504 

49,844 

Depreciation and amortization 

37,176 

31,532 

29,853 

Total assets 

742,292 

646,158 

626,746 

Property and equipment net 

298,140 

315,140 

281,520 

Goodwill 

76,575 

76,575 

76,575 

Investment in joint ventures 

6,923 

7,329 

7,943 

Capital expenditures 

22,860 

28,838 

23,924 

Demolition: 

Contract revenues 

107,199 

77,953 

47,933 

Operating income (loss) 

501 

(2,074) 

(7,593) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

3,662 

2,769 

3,170 

Total assets 

46,168 

47,667 

38,680 

Property and equipment net 

12,380 

8,091 

9,637 

Goodwill 

21,474 

21,474 

21,474 

Capital expenditures 

7,852 

1,025 

3,375 

Total: 

Contract revenues 

627,333 

686,922 

622,244 

Operating income 

54,294 

68,430 

42,251 

Depreciation and amortization 

40,838 

34,301 

33,023 

Total assets 

788,460 

693,825 

665,426 

Property and equipment net 

310,520 

323,231 

291,157 

Goodwill 

98,049 

98,049 

98,049 

Investment in joint ventures 

6,923 

7,329 

7,943 

Capital expenditures 

30,712 

29,863 

27,299 
 
 The Company classifies the revenue related to its dredging projects into the following types of work:

2011 

2010 

2009 

Capital dredging U.S. 

156,251 

300,873 

203,147 

Capital dredging foreign 

77,232 

82,898 

134,123 

Beach nourishment dredging 

135,164 

106,163 

62,133 

Maintenance dredging 

116,016 

119,035 

174,908 

Rivers lakes 

35,471 

Total dredging 

520,134 

608,969 

574,311 

The Company derived revenues and gross profit from foreign project operations for the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, as follows: 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Contract revenues 

77,232 

82,898 

134,123 

Costs of contract revenues 

(63,256) 

(76,708) 

(124,355) 

Gross profit 

13,976 

6,190 

9,768 

87 

Table of Contents 

 In 2011, 2010 and 2009, the majority of the Company s foreign revenue came from
projects in the Middle East, primarily Bahrain. The majority of the Company s long-lived assets are marine vessels and related equipment. At any point in time, the Company may employ certain assets outside of the U.S., as needed, to perform
work on the Company s foreign projects. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, long-lived assets with a net book value of 96,376 and 110,586, respectively, were located outside of the U.S. 
 The Company s primary dredging customer is the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (the Corps ), which has responsibility for
federally funded projects related to waterway navigation and flood control. In 2011, 2010 and 2009, 43.1 , 53.5 and 56.0 , respectively, of contract revenues were earned from dredging contracts with federal government agencies, including the Corps,
as well as other federal entities such as the U.S. Coast Guard and U.S. Navy. At December 31, 2011 and 2010, approximately 36.9 and 32.9 , respectively, of accounts receivable, including contract revenues in excess of billings and retainage,
were due on dredging contracts with federal government agencies. The Company depends on its ability to continue to obtain federal government dredging contracts, and indirectly, on the amount of federal funding for new and current government dredging
projects. Therefore, the Company s dredging operations can be influenced by the level and timing of federal funding. In
addition, the Company s work overseas is primarily with the government of Bahrain which accounted for 7.6 , 8.1 and 20.3 of total revenue in 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. At December 31, 2011 and 2010, approximately 21.4 and 20.7 ,
respectively, of accounts receivable, including retainage and contract revenues in excess of billings, were due on dredging contracts with the government of Bahrain. There is a dependence on future projects in the Bahrain region, as vessels are
currently located there. However, certain of the vessels located in Bahrain can be moved back to the U.S. or all can be moved to other international markets as opportunities arise. 

16. 
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 
 The Company s long-term debt at December 31, 2011 includes 250,000 of 7.375 senior notes due
February 1, 2019. The Company s obligations under these senior unsecured notes are guaranteed by the Company s wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries. Such guarantees are full, unconditional and joint and several. 
 The following supplemental financial information sets forth for the Company s subsidiary guarantors (on a combined basis), the
Company s non-guarantor subsidiaries (on a combined basis) and Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, exclusive of its subsidiaries GLDD Corporation ): 

(i) 
 balance sheets as of December 31, 2011 and 2010; 

(ii) 
 statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009; and 

(iii) 
 statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009. 

 88 

Table of Contents 

 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2011 (In thousands) 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 

GLDD Corporation 

Eliminations 

Consolidated Totals 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

108,985 

4,303 

113,288 

Accounts receivable net 

118,530 

1,738 

120,268 

Receivables from affiliates 

79,683 

7,729 

49,724 

(137,136) 

Contract revenues in excess of billings 

26,323 

153 

(64) 

26,412 

Inventories 

33,426 

33,426 

Prepaid expenses 

3,847 

132 

3,979 

Other current assets 

12,082 

125 

16,198 

28,405 

Total current assets 

382,876 

14,048 

66,054 

(137,200) 

325,778 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Net 

310,459 

61 

310,520 

GOODWILL 

97,799 

250 

98,049 

OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS Net 

675 

139 

814 

INVENTORIES Noncurrent 

30,103 

30,103 

INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES 

6,923 

6,923 

INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES 

4,385 

627,754 

(632,139) 

OTHER ASSETS 

10,729 

3 

5,547 

(6) 

16,273 

TOTAL 

843,949 

14,501 

699,355 

(769,345) 

788,460 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

81,971 

774 

82,745 

Payables to affiliates 

85,865 

7,234 

44,053 

(137,152) 

Accrued expenses 

22,445 

629 

8,047 

31,121 

Billings in excess of contract revenues 

13,607 

68 

(48) 

13,627 

Current portion of note payable 

2,500 

2,500 

Current portion of equipment debt 

533 

533 

Total current liabilities 

206,921 

8,705 

52,100 

(137,200) 

130,526 

LONG TERM NOTE PAYABLE 

2,500 

2,500 

7 3/8 SENIOR NOTES 

250,000 

250,000 

DEFERRED INCOME TAXES 

399 

103,959 

(6) 

104,352 

OTHER 

7,786 

759 

8,545 

Total liabilities 

217,606 

8,705 

406,818 

(137,206) 

495,923 

Total Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation equity 

626,343 

5,796 

291,969 

(632,139) 

291,969 

NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 

568 

568 

TOTAL EQUITY 

626,343 

5,796 

292,537 

(632,139) 

292,537 

TOTAL 

843,949 

14,501 

699,355 

(769,345) 

788,460 

89 

Table of Contents 

 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2010 (In thousands) 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 

GLDD Corporation 

Eliminations 

Consolidated Totals 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

48,416 

62 

48,478 

Accounts receivable net 

93,983 

1,565 

95,548 

Receivables from affiliates 

5,338 

5,798 

6,745 

(17,881) 

Contract revenues in excess of billings 

24,777 

94 

(29) 

24,842 

Inventories 

31,734 

31,734 

Prepaid expenses 

3,246 

202 

3,448 

Other current assets 

9,853 

8 

9,058 

18,919 

Total current assets 

217,347 

7,527 

16,005 

(17,910) 

222,969 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Net 

322,958 

273 

323,231 

GOODWILL 

97,799 

250 

98,049 

OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS Net 

3,017 

263 

3,280 

INVENTORIES Noncurrent 

27,128 

27,128 

INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES 

7,329 

7,329 

INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES 

2,311 

528,425 

(530,736) 

OTHER ASSETS 

7,704 

4,350 

(215) 

11,839 

TOTAL 

685,593 

8,313 

548,780 

(548,861) 

693,825 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

81,534 

1,187 

82,721 

Payables to affiliates 

14,151 

3,655 

(17,806) 

Accrued expenses 

30,511 

693 

1,605 

32,809 

Billings in excess of contract revenues 

14,121 

467 

(104) 

14,484 

Current portion of note payable 

2,500 

2,500 

Current portion of equipment debt 

303 

303 

Total current liabilities 

143,120 

6,002 

1,605 

(17,910) 

132,817 

LONG TERM NOTE PAYABLE 

5,000 

5,000 

7 3/4 SENIOR SUBORDINATED NOTES 

175,000 

175,000 

DEFERRED INCOME TAXES 

92,681 

(215) 

92,466 

OTHER 

9,048 

2,669 

11,717 

Total liabilities 

157,168 

6,002 

271,955 

(18,125) 

417,000 

Total Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation Equity 

528,425 

2,311 

278,953 

(530,736) 

278,953 

NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 

(2,128) 

(2,128) 

TOTAL EQUITY 

528,425 

2,311 

276,825 

(530,736) 

276,825 

TOTAL 

685,593 

8,313 

548,780 

(548,861) 

693,825 

90 

Table of Contents 

 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2011 (In thousands) 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 

GLDD Corporation 

Eliminations 

Consolidated Totals 

Contract revenues 

619,643 

19,941 

(12,251) 

627,333 

Costs of contract revenues 

(527,769) 

(18,798) 

12,251 

(534,316) 

Gross profit (loss) 

91,874 

1,143 

93,017 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

General and administrative expenses 

46,285 

797 

3,352 

50,434 

Gain on sale of assets net 

(11,722) 

11 

(11,711) 

Operating income (loss) 

57,311 

346 

(3,363) 

54,294 

Interest expense net 

(780) 

(156) 

(20,729) 

(21,665) 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries 

2,075 

56,442 

(58,517) 

Equity in loss of joint ventures 

(406) 

(406) 
 
 Loss on foreign currency transactions net 

(264) 

(18) 

(282) 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(5,145) 

(5,145) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

57,936 

172 

27,205 

(58,517) 

26,796 

Income tax (provision) benefit 

404 

5 

(9,954) 

(9,545) 

Net income (loss) 

58,340 

177 

17,251 

(58,517) 

17,251 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(723) 

(723) 

Net income (loss) attributable to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 

58,340 

177 

16,528 

(58,517) 

16,528 

91 

Table of Contents 

 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2010 (In thousands) 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 

GLDD Corporation 

Eliminations 

Consolidated Totals 

Contract revenues 

683,460 

8,538 

(5,076) 

686,922 

Costs of contract revenues 

(559,754) 

(9,462) 

5,076 

(564,140) 

Gross profit (loss) 

123,706 

(924) 

122,782 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

General and administrative expenses 

50,084 

702 

3,566 

54,352 

Operating income (loss) 

73,622 

(1,626) 

(3,566) 

68,430 

Interest expense net 

26 

(95) 

(13,473) 

(13,542) 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries 

(1,721) 

72,886 

(71,165) 

Equity in loss of joint ventures 

(614) 

(614) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

71,313 

(1,721) 

55,847 

(71,165) 

54,274 

Income tax (provision) benefit 

1,573 

(22,127) 

(20,554) 

Net income (loss) 

72,886 

(1,721) 

33,720 

(71,165) 

33,720 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

889 

889 

Net income (loss) attributable to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 

72,886 

(1,721) 

34,609 

(71,165) 

34,609 

92 

Table of Contents 

 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 (In thousands) 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 

GLDD Corporation 

Eliminations 

Consolidated Totals 

Contract revenues 

618,556 

7,776 

(4,088) 

622,244 

Costs of contract revenues 

(530,803) 

(7,240) 

(45) 

4,088 

(534,000) 

Gross profit (loss) 

87,753 

536 

(45) 

88,244 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

General and administrative expenses 

41,809 

1,034 

3,150 

45,993 

Operating income (loss) 

45,944 

(498) 

(3,195) 

42,251 

Interest expense net 

(41) 

(115) 

(15,994) 

(16,150) 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries 

(613) 

47,308 

(46,695) 

Equity in loss of joint ventures 

(384) 

(384) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

44,906 

(613) 

28,119 

(46,695) 

25,717 

Income tax (provision) benefit 

2,402 

(13,385) 

(10,983) 

Net income (loss) 

47,308 

(613) 

14,734 

(46,695) 

14,734 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

2,734 

2,734 

Net income (loss) attributable to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 

47,308 

(613) 

17,468 

(46,695) 

17,468 

93 

Table of Contents 

 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2011 (In thousands) 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 

GLDD Corporation 

Eliminations 

Consolidated Totals 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities 

51,145 

(764) 

(25,818) 

24,563 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

(33,426) 

(7) 

(33,433) 
 
 Dispositions of property and equipment 

16,717 

16,717 

Net cash flows used in investing activities 

(16,709) 

(7) 

(16,716) 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of 7 3/8 senior notes 

250,000 

250,000 

Redemption of 7 3/4 senior subordinated notes 

(175,000) 

(175,000) 
 
 Senior subordinated notes redemption premium 

(2,264) 

(2,264) 
 
 Deferred financing fees 

(5,962) 

(5,962) 
 
 Repayment of long term note payable 

(2,500) 

(2,500) 
 
 Dividends paid 

(4,711) 

(4,711) 
 
 Dividend equivalents paid on restricted stock units 

(36) 

(36) 
 
 Taxes paid on settlement of vested share awards 

(291) 

(291) 
 
 Net change in accounts with affiliates 

33,962 

2,038 

(36,000) 

Capital contributions 

(3,418) 

3,418 

Repayments of equipment debt 

(1,911) 

(1,911) 
 
 Exercise of stock options 

27 

27 

Excess income tax benefit from share-based compensation 

55 

55 

Net cash flows provided by financing activities 

26,133 

5,456 

25,818 

57,407 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

(444) 

(444) 

Net change in cash and equivalents 

60,569 

4,241 

64,810 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

48,416 

62 

48,478 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

108,985 

4,303 

113,288 

94 

Table of Contents 

 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2010 (In thousands) 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 

GLDD Corporation 

Eliminations 

Consolidated Totals 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities 

157,248 

(1,026) 

(32,691) 

123,531 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

(25,204) 

(54) 

(25,258) 
 
 Dispositions of property and equipment 

414 

17 

431 

Purchase of Matteson 

(37,869) 

(37,869) 

Net cash flows used in investing activities 

(62,659) 

(37) 

(62,696) 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Dividends paid 

(3,988) 

(3,988) 
 
 Dividend equivalents paid on restricted stock units 

(24) 

(24) 
 
 Net change in accounts with affiliates 

(48,606) 

903 

47,703 

Repayments of equipment debt 

(1,251) 

(1,251) 
 
 Exercise of stock options 

656 

656 

Borrowings under revolving loans 

14,968 

14,968 

Repayments of revolving loans 

(25,968) 

(25,968) 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 

(49,201) 

903 

32,691 

(15,607) 

Net change in cash and equivalents 

45,388 

(160) 

45,228 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

3,028 

222 

3,250 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

48,416 

62 

48,478 

95 

Table of Contents 

 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 (In thousands) 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 

GLDD Corporation 

Eliminations 

Consolidated Totals 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities 

82,946 

(2,545) 

(26,403) 

53,998 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

(24,666) 

(24,666) 
 
 Dispositions of property and equipment 

1,028 

1,028 

Acquisition of controlling interest in Yankee Environmental Services 

(1,229) 

(1,891) 

1,891 

(1,229) 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities 

(24,867) 

(1,891) 

1,891 

(24,867) 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Dividends paid 

(3,974) 

(3,974) 
 
 Dividend equivalents paid on restricted stock units 

(18) 

(18) 
 
 Members capital contribution to acquire assets of Yankee 

1,891 

(1,891) 

Net change in accounts with affiliates 

(63,657) 

2,762 

60,895 

Capital contributions 

Repayments of equipment debt 

(1,867) 

(1,867) 
 
 Borrowings under revolving loans 

158,877 

158,877 

Repayments of revolving loans 

(189,377) 

(189,377) 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 

(65,524) 

4,653 

26,403 

(1,891) 

(36,359) 

Net change in cash and equivalents 

(7,445) 

217 

(7,228) 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

10,473 

5 

10,478 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

3,028 

222 

3,250 

96 

Table of Contents 

 Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts For the Years Ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 (In thousands)

Additions 

Beginning Balance 

Charged to costs and expenses 

Charged to other accounts 

Deductions 

Ending balance 

Description 

Year ended December 31, 2009 

Allowances deducted from assets to which they apply: 

Allowances for doubtful accounts 

1,250 

69 

(69) 

1,250 

Year ended December 31, 2010 

Allowances deducted from assets to which they apply: 

Allowances for doubtful accounts 

1,250 

447 

(42) 

1,655 

Year ended December 31, 2011 

Allowances deducted from assets to which they apply: 

Allowances for doubtful accounts 

1,655 

260 

(76) 

1,839 

97 

<EX-12.1>
 2
 d294750dex121.htm
 EX-12.1

EX-12.1 

Exhibit 12.1 Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges Great Lakes Dredge Dock
Corporation (dollars in thousands) 

2007 

2008 

2009 

2010 

2011 

Pretax income from continuing operations (1) 

11,519 

9,126 

26,102 

54,888 

27,201 

Fixed charges 

26,055 

24,931 

24,338 

21,079 

29,086 

Capitalized Interest 

(259) 

(162) 

(34) 

Distributed income of equity investees 

2,400 

625 

621 

39,974 

34,423 

50,899 

75,933 

56,287 

Fixed charges: 

Interest expense and amortized deferred financing costs 

18,209 

17,395 

16,393 

13,592 

21,665 

Estimated interest expense in operating leases 

7,846 

7,536 

7,945 

7,487 

7,421 

Total fixed charges 

26,055 

24,931 

24,338 

21,079 

29,086 

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges 

1.5 

1.4 

2.1 

3.6 

1.9 

(1) 
 Before adjustment for noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiaries and income (loss) from equity investees. 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 d294750dex211.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Great Lakes Dredge Dock Company, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Dawson Marine Services Company 
 
 Delaware 

Great Lakes Dredge Dock Environmental, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Fifty-Three Dredging Corporation 
 
 New Jersey 

Great Lakes Dredge Dock Co Brasil Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 

Lydon Dredging Construction Co. Ltd. 
 
 Canada 

Great Lakes Dredge Dock (Bahamas) Ltd. 
 
 Bahamas 

GLDD Mexicana, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

NASDI Holdings Corporation 
 
 Delaware 

NASDI, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Yankee Environmental Services, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 d294750dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation
by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-153207 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement No. 333-150067 on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 9, 2012, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

Chicago, Illinois 
 
 March 9, 2012 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 d294750dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 CERTIFICATION I, Jonathan W. Berger, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. Date: March 9, 2012 

/s/ Jonathan W. Berger 
 
 Jonathan W. Berger 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 d294750dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Bruce J. Biemeck, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. Date: March 9, 2012 

/s/ Bruce J. Biemeck 
 
 Bruce J. Biemeck 
 
 President and 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 d294750dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Great
Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jonathan W. Berger,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except
to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

/s/ Jonathan W. Berger 
 
 Jonathan W. Berger 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date: March 9, 2012 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating,
acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and will be
retained by Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 d294750dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Great
Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Bruce J. Biemeck,
President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except
to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

/s/ Bruce J. Biemeck 
 
 Bruce J. Biemeck 
 
 President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date: March 9, 2012 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating,
acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and will be
retained by Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 gldd-20111231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 gldd-20111231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 gldd-20111231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 gldd-20111231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 gldd-20111231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 gldd-20111231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

