<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20120229_10-K_edgar_data_789073_0001193125-12-086286.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17128978</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>417240</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4042852</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4982828</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3703707</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3294472</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-12-086286.hdr.sgml : 20120229
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20120228195422
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-12-086286
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20111231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20120229
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20120228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BEAM INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000789073
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				133295276
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09076
		FILM NUMBER:		12649633

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		510 LAKE COOK ROAD
		CITY:			DEERFIELD
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60015
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8479488888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		510 LAKE COOK ROAD
		CITY:			DEERFIELD
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60015

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FORTUNE BRANDS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970609

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN BRANDS INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-12-086286.txt : 20120229

10-K
 1
 d270277d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

FORM 10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 10-K

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 
 Commission file number 1-9076 
 
 Beam Inc. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 
 13-3295276 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 510 Lake Cook Road, Deerfield, IL 60015 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (847) 948-8888 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Common Stock, par value 3.125 per share 
 
 New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 
 
 2.67 Convertible Preferred Stock, without par value 
 
 New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 
 
 8 5 /8 
Debentures Due 2021 
 
 New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 
 
 7 7 /8 
Debentures Due 2023 
 
 New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to
Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and small reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2011 (the last day of our most recent second quarter) was 9,804,656,695.
The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value 3.125 per share, at January 31, 2012, was 156,720,910. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Certain information contained in the registrant s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 24, 2012 (to be filed not later than 120 days after the end
of the registrant s fiscal year) (the 2012 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference into Part III hereof. Form 10-K Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

8 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

12 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

12 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

13 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

15 

Item 4A. 
 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 

15 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

17 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

20 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

21 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

37 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

38 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

80 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

80 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

80 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

81 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

81 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

81 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

81 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

81 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

82 

Signatures 

89 

2 

PART I Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Actual
results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors. For a discussion of important factors that could cause our
results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements, please refer to Item 1. Business Forward-Looking Statements, 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors and the financial statement line item discussions set forth in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations below. 

Item 1. 
 Business. Overview 
 Beam Inc. is a leading premium spirits company that makes and sells branded distilled spirits products in major markets worldwide. Our
principal products include bourbon whiskey, Scotch whisky, Canadian whisky, tequila, cognac, rum, cordials, and ready-to-drink pre-mixed cocktails. Our portfolio includes several of the world s top premium spirits brands and some of the
industry s fastest growing innovations. We use the terms Beam, the Company, we, us and our to refer to the business of Beam Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Our portfolio consists of brands we identify as Power Brands, Rising Stars, Local Jewels and Value Creators. The Power Brands are our
core brand equities, with global reach in premium categories and large annual sales volume. Rising Stars are smaller premium brands in priority markets that we believe have excellent growth profiles that receive substantial brand investment to drive
expansion. Brands identified as Local Jewels act as Power Brands in local markets. Value Creators include a variety of brands competing across multiple categories. Our Power Brands and Rising Stars, which are the focus of our brand investment, are
listed below. 

Power Brands: 
 
 Jim Beam Bourbon, Maker s Mark Bourbon, Sauza Tequila, Courvoisier Cognac, Canadian Club Whisky and Teacher s Scotch 

Rising Stars: 
 
 Laphroaig Scotch, Knob Creek Bourbon, Basil Hayden s Bourbon, Kilbeggan Irish Whiskey, Cruzan Rum, Hornitos Tequila, EFFEN Vodka, Pucker Vodka, Skinnygirl Cocktails, and
Sourz Liqueurs 
 The principal markets for our spirits products are North America, Australia and Europe, and we continue
to invest in emerging markets such as India, Brazil, Russia, Central Europe, Asia, and other geographies. We operate our business on the basis of geographical regions, consisting of North America, Europe/Middle East/Africa (EMEA), and
Asia-Pacific/South America (APSA). Approximately 50 of our net sales are to markets outside the United States. Our spirits
products are primarily sold through direct sales forces to distributors. We also sell spirits products through joint ventures with The Edrington Group Ltd., as well as through third-party distributors and global or regional duty free customers.
 Separation Transactions On December 8, 2010, Beam (then known as Fortune Brands, Inc.) announced that its Board of Directors approved in principle a separation of the Company s three business segments. The announced
plan included the tax-free spin-off of the Home Security business Home Security into an independent publicly-traded company and the sale or tax-free spin-off of the Golf business (the Golf business with the continuation of Beam as an independent publicly-traded pure-play spirits company. The Company concluded that the separation of the three businesses would significantly enhance each business s long-term growth and return prospects and
offer substantially greater total long-term value to shareholders. On July 29, 2011, the Company completed the sale of the Golf business to a company formed by Fila Korea Ltd. and Mirae Asset Private Equity of Korea. On October 3, 2011,
the Company completed the spin-off of Home Security by distributing 100 of the outstanding shares of common stock of Home Security to holders of the Company s common stock (the Spin-Off ). Following the
completion of the Spin-Off, the Company changed its name from Fortune Brands, Inc. to Beam Inc. The sale of the Golf business and the Spin-Off are together referred to in this Form 10-K as the Separation Transactions. 
 3 

By separating the three businesses, the Company believes it has significantly enhanced each
business s long-term growth and return prospects, as well as offered substantially greater total long-term value to stockholders. Refer to Note 3, Discontinued Operations , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II,
Item 8 of this report for more information on the Separation Transactions. Strategy 
 We strive to enhance shareholder value by executing our Vision Into Action strategy, including: 

profitably building our core distilled spirits brands to drive sales and earnings growth and enhance returns on a long-term basis; and

positioning our brands to outperform their respective markets by: 

Creating Famous Brands 

Building Winning Markets 

Fueling Our Growth We seek to Create Famous Brands by building our core brand equities, principally for our Power Brands and Rising Stars. To strengthen our brands and their connection with consumers, we invest
in impactful communications, such as television advertising, digital and print media, and local market in-store marketing. We also seek to create profitable growth through product innovation, expanded category participation, speed to market and
synergy-driven acquisitions. We seek to Build Winning Markets through effective distribution and enhancing the
presence of our brands, particularly in key markets. We amplify our scale in select markets by aligning with key strategic partners, such as Coca-Cola Amatil in Australia and The Edrington Group in more than 20 global markets. These alliances
complement our distribution in other key markets, including our strong U.S. sales organization and performance-based contracts with partners such as Southern Wine Spirits in the U.S. and our company-owned distribution in markets such as
Germany and India. We seek to Fuel Our Growth by optimizing our supply chains, designing products to maximize
value for money for consumers, exercising disciplined capital and cost management, and building an effective and efficient organization. We believe that we promote organizational excellence by developing a winning culture with highly engaged
employees. Acquisitions and Divestitures While our first priority is internal growth, we also strive to enhance shareholder value through acquisitions and divestitures, joint ventures, alliances, share repurchases, and other strategic
alternatives. With an empowered and accountable regional organizational structure focused on leveraging our broad portfolio of brands and distribution assets to outperform our market, we believe we achieve a scale with agility that is a
source of competitive advantage. In March 2011, we acquired the Skinnygirl ready-to-drink cocktail business. In January 2012, we completed the acquisition of Cooley Distillery plc, an award-winning independent Irish whiskey producer. Through these
two transactions, we entered into two of the industry s fastest growing categories, leveraging our global distribution network and supply chain. Our other acquisitions and divestitures completed in recent years include the following: 

In 2010, we sold certain non-strategic German spirits brands and related assets (August) and sold the Cockburn s port brand and inventory
(December) for aggregate proceeds of 49.2 million. 

In June 2009, we acquired the EFFEN super-premium vodka brand and related assets from the Sazerac Company, Inc. and sold the Old Taylor whiskey brand
and assets to Sazerac. 

In April 2009, we paid 49.9 million (approximately 66.2 million, net of cash acquired) to purchase 100 of the interests in seven
subsidiaries of Maxxium Worldwide B.V., our former international spirits sales distribution joint venture. In addition, we paid 30.9 million (approximately 41.7 million) to acquire 50 ownership in five Maxxium joint venture entities.
 On an ongoing basis, we review our portfolio of brands and evaluate options for increasing shareholder
value. In addition to acquisitions and divestitures, we consider other corporate strategies intended to enhance shareholder value, including share repurchases and changes to our dividend payments. We cannot predict whether or when any particular
strategy might be implemented or what the financial effect thereof might be upon the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 4 

Segments Our three reportable segments are the geographic regions of North America, EMEA and APSA. Each segment is engaged in the manufacture and sale of distilled spirits products. Approximately 50 of our
consolidated net sales were generated in the U.S. (based on country of destination) in the year ended December 31, 2011. For additional financial information by segment, refer to Note 22, Segment Information , of the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report. For a description of the risks attendant to operating outside the United States, see Item 1A Risk Factors. 
 Trademarks We sell our
products under a number of trademarks, brand names and trade names that are important to our continued success. We own most of our key trademarks, including the trademarks for each of our Power Brands, but we also use trademarks under long-term
licenses for brands such as DeKuyper (the #1 cordials line in the U.S.), which is produced and sold in the U.S. and Mexico under a license of unlimited duration. Our business could be adversely affected by the loss of any major brand or by
material infringement of our intellectual property rights. We are also subject to intellectual property risks because existing trademark laws offer only limited protection, and the laws of some countries in which our products are or may be
developed, manufactured or sold may not fully protect our products from infringement by others. Seasonality 
 The peak season for our business is the fourth calendar quarter due to holiday buying, modestly benefiting fourth quarter margins.
Approximately 28 , 30 , and 31 of our net sales for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively, were in the fourth quarter. Customers and Distributors Our spirits products are primarily sold through
direct sales forces to distributors. In addition, we sell spirits products through our joint ventures with The Edrington Group and global or regional duty free customers. We also sell our products through governmental liquor authorities in
jurisdictions where aspects of the purchase and distribution of alcoholic beverages are under government control. Examples of such authorities are the eighteen control states (and one county) in the United States and the Liquor
Control Boards in Canada. In each of the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, the Company s 50 owned joint ventures with The Edrington Group and Southern Wine Spirits accounted in the aggregate for approximately 30 
of our total sales. Competition The global distilled spirits industry is very competitive. Based on volume information from independent industry statistical sources, we are the fourth largest premium spirits company in the world
(the largest U.S. based) as well as the second largest in the U.S. We compete on the basis of product quality, brand image, price, service and innovation in response to consumer preferences. While the industry is highly fragmented, major competitors
include Brown-Forman Corporation, Diageo PLC, Pernod Ricard S.A., Bacardi Limited, Davide Campari Milano-S.p.A., R my Cointreau S.A., and Constellation Brands, Inc. Raw Materials and Other Supplies The principal raw materials for the
production, storage and aging of distilled products are primarily corn and other grains for whiskies and other spirits, agave for tequila, molasses for rum, grapes for cognac and fortified wines, new or used oak barrels, plastic and glass for
bottles. These materials are generally readily available from a number of sources, except that new oak barrels are available from only a few sources. Beam has a long-term supply agreement with a third-party supplier for the purchase of new oak
barrels. This agreement requires a minimum of three years notice prior to termination. In addition, we purchase barrels from two other suppliers on a year-to-year basis pursuant to purchase orders. We purchase grains, malts, and grapes
primarily from independent growers under long-term supply contracts or on the spot market and we grow our own agave supply. From time to time, these raw materials are affected by weather and other forces that may impact production
and quality. Inventory Because whiskeys/whiskies, cognacs, brandies, rum and some tequila varieties are aged for various periods (generally from three to ten years for whiskies, for example), we maintain substantial inventories
of maturing product in warehouse facilities. Production of maturing inventory is generally scheduled to meet demand years into the future, and production schedules are adjusted from time to time to bring inventories into balance with estimated
future demand. In addition, we may, from time to time, purchase or sell maturing spirits to manage estimated future demand. 
 5 

Regulatory Environment The production, storage, transportation, distribution and sale of our products are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities. Various countries and local jurisdictions
prohibit or restrict the marketing or sale of distilled spirits and fortified wines in whole or in part. The Alcohol and
Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the United States Treasury Department regulates the U.S. spirits industry with respect to production, blending, bottling, sales, advertising, and transportation of industry products. Also, each state in the United
States regulates the advertising, promotion, transportation, sale, and distribution of such products. In many of the key
markets for our business, distilled spirits are subject to federal excise taxes and/or customs duties, as well as state/provincial, local and other taxes. Beverage alcohol sales could be adversely impacted by increases to excise tax rates, which are
considered from time to time by U.S. states and municipalities and in other key markets for our business. The effect of any future excise tax increases in any jurisdiction cannot be determined, but it is possible that any future excise tax increases
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Environmental Matters 
 The Company is subject to both U.S. and international laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. In the U.S., the
laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and Superfund (the environmental program established in the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act to
address abandoned hazardous waste sites), which imposes joint and severable liability on each potentially responsible party. Outside the U.S., we are subject to applicable multi-national, national and local environmental laws and regulations in the
countries in which we do business. Refer to Note 18, Commitments and Contingencies , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report for more information about pending environmental matters.
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2011, the Company and its subsidiaries had approximately 3,200 employees, of which approximately 1,500 were based
in the United States. Approximately 38 of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, of which approximately 36 are subject to agreements that will expire within one year from the filing date of this Form 10-K. We believe our
employee relations are good. Additional Company Information The Company was incorporated under the laws of Delaware in 1985 and conducted no business until 1986. American Brands, Inc., a New Jersey corporation organized in 1904 American New Jersey ),
was merged into The American Tobacco Company on December 31, 1985, and the shares of the principal first-tier subsidiaries formerly held by American New Jersey were transferred to the Company. In addition, the Company assumed all liabilities
and obligations in respect of the public debt securities of American New Jersey outstanding immediately prior to the merger. On May 30, 1997, the Company s name was changed from American Brands, Inc. to Fortune Brands, Inc. Following the
Spin-Off on October 3, 2011, the Company became a standalone spirits company under the name Beam Inc. The Company s
website address is www.beamglobal.com. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports are available free of charge on the Company s website as soon
as reasonably practicable after the reports are filed or furnished electronically with the SEC. We also make available on our website, or in printed form upon request, free of charge, our Corporate Governance Principles, Code of Conduct and Ethics,
Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, Charters for the Committees of our Board of Directors and other information related to the Company. The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information about the operation
of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with
the SEC. 
 6 

Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements relating to future results, or states our intentions, beliefs and expectations or predictions for the future. Readers are cautioned that these are
forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Words such as anticipates, believes, continues, 
 estimates, expects, targets, goal, intends, may, opportunity, plans, potential, projects, forecasts, 
 should, will, seeks, strives and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements speak only as of the date
hereof, and the Company does not assume any obligation to update, amend or clarify them to reflect events, new information or circumstances occurring after the date of this Report. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a
result of certain risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to: 

general economic conditions and credit market instability, particularly in Europe; 

competitive market pressures (including pricing pressures); 

changes in consumer preferences and trends; 

risks pertaining to strategic acquisitions, joint ventures, and alliances, particularly financial and integration risks; 

commodity and energy price volatility; 

risks associated with doing business outside the United States, including currency exchange rate risks; 

inability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 

the impact of excise tax increases and customs duties on distilled spirits or changes to government financial incentives; 

dependence on performance of distributors and other marketing arrangements; 

customer defaults and related bad debt expense; 

any possible downgrades of the Company s credit ratings; 

costs of certain employee and retiree benefits and returns on pension assets; 

tax law changes and/or interpretation of existing tax laws; 

potential liabilities, costs and uncertainties of litigation; 

ability to secure and maintain rights to trademarks and tradenames; 

impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets; 

disruptions at production facilities; 

risks related to the Home Security Spin-Off; and 

other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in the Company s SEC filings. 
 Further information about factors that could materially affect Beam, including our results of operations and financial condition, is
contained in the Risk Factors section in Part I, Item 1A of this report. 
 7 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. We
believe that the following risks and uncertainties may be material to our business. Additional risks and uncertainties that we currently consider to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occur,
our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted. Current global
economic challenges may continue and a recovery may be slow or reverse, adversely impacting our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Stable economic conditions globally, including strong employment, consumer confidence and credit availability, are important not only to the basic health of our consumer markets, but also to our own
financial condition. There are presently significant challenges in the global economy, including high unemployment rates, low consumer confidence, record budget deficits and levels of government debt, and fragile credit and housing markets. In
addition, instability in the global credit markets, including the recent European economic and financial turmoil related to sovereign debt issues in certain countries, the instability in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world and
other disruptions, may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. As a result, consumers increased price consciousness may endure, which may affect consumers willingness to pay for premium brands as well as the overall level
of spirits consumption, particularly in bars, restaurants, nightclubs and other public environments where consumers drink spirits. Furthermore, our suppliers and customers could experience cash flow problems, increased costs or reduced availability
of financing, credit defaults, and other financial hardships. These factors may increase our bad debt expense, cause us to reduce the levels of unsecured credit that we provide to customers and otherwise adversely impact our results of operations,
cash flows and financial condition. A prolonged global economic stagnation may impact our access to long-term capital markets, result in increased interest rates on our corporate debt, and weaken operating cash flow and liquidity. Decreased cash
flow and liquidity could potentially impact our ability to finance operations, pay dividends, complete acquisitions and repurchase shares in the future. Demand for our spirits products may be adversely affected by many factors, including changes in consumer preferences and trends. 
 Consumer preferences may shift due to a variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends, public health initiatives,
product innovations, changes in travel, vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions, which may reduce consumers willingness to purchase distilled spirits products or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward
beer, wine or non-alcoholic beverages. In addition, concerns about health issues relating to alcohol consumption, dietary effects, regulatory action or any litigation against companies in the industry may have an adverse effect on our business. Our
success depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful new products and product innovations. While we devote significant focus to the development of new
products, we may not be successful in their development or these new products may not be commercially successful. In addition, global economic conditions or market trends could cause consumer preferences to trend away from our premium spirits brands
and categories toward lower cost alternatives, which may also adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. We face
substantial competition in our industry and many factors may prevent us from competing successfully. We compete on the
basis of product taste and quality, brand image, price, service and ability to innovate in response to consumer preferences. It is possible that our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively
or resort to price competition to sustain market share, both of which could adversely affect our sales and profitability. Further, while we believe that our scale, portfolio breadth and entrepreneurial organization relative to that of our
competitors gives us the ability to outperform our market, we nevertheless face a risk that a continuing consolidation of the large distilled spirits companies could cause us to experience competitive disadvantages. Our inability to manage these and
other competitive factors successfully could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Risks
associated with our strategic acquisitions, joint ventures, and alliances could adversely affect our business. We
continue to consider acquisitions, joint ventures, and alliances as a means of enhancing shareowner value. Acquisitions and joint ventures involve risks and uncertainties, including: 

difficulties integrating acquired companies and operating joint ventures; 

retaining the acquired businesses customers and brands, and achieving the expected financial results and benefits of transactions, such as cost
savings, and revenue increases from expanded geographic or product presence; 

loss of key employees from acquired companies; 

implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems; 
 8 

exposure to unknown liabilities; and 

diversion of management s attention from other business concerns. 
 Future acquisitions could cause us to incur additional debt or issue shares of capital stock, which could lead to dilution in earnings
per share and return on capital. Risks associated with commodity price volatility and energy availability could adversely affect our
business. We are exposed to risks associated with commodity price volatility arising from supply conditions,
geopolitical and economic variables, weather, and other unpredictable external factors. We buy commodities such as corn and other grains, molasses, grapes, glass and plastic for the production, packaging and distribution of our products. We also
grow agave plants for tequila production. Availability, increases and volatility in the prices of these commodities, as well as products sourced from third parties and energy used in making, distributing and transporting our products, could increase
the manufacturing and distribution costs of our products. While in the past we have been able to mitigate the impact of these cost increases through productivity improvements and pricing adjustments, there is no assurance that we will be able to
offset such cost increases in the future. If we are unable to effectively manage organizational productivity and global supply chain
efficiency and flexibility, then our business could be adversely affected. We need to continually evaluate our
organizational productivity and global supply chains and assess opportunities to reduce costs. We must also enhance quality, speed and flexibility to meet changing and uncertain market conditions. Our success also depends in part on refining our
cost structure and supply chains so that we have flexibility and are able to respond to market pressures to protect profitability and cash flow or ramp up quickly and effectively to meet demand. Failure to achieve the desired level of quality,
capacity or cost reductions could adversely affect our financial results. Despite our efforts to control costs and increase efficiency in our facilities, increased competition could still cause us to realize lower operating margins and
profitability. We manufacture, source and sell many products internationally and are exposed to risks associated with doing business
globally. We manufacture, source or sell our products in the United States, Europe, Australia, Canada, Mexico, India,
Brazil, Russia and other countries. Accordingly, we are subject to risks associated with potential disruption caused by changes in political, economic and social environments, including civil and political unrest, terrorism, possible expropriation,
local labor conditions, changes in laws and governmental regulations and policies in many countries outside the United States. We are also subject to U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad, including tax laws, anti-corruption
laws and laws regarding the enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to overcome the challenges we encounter with respect to these factors and other matters affecting U.S. companies
with global operations. We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our business.
 While we hedge certain foreign currency transactions, a change in the value of local currencies where we manufacture,
source or sell our products impacts our financial statements when translated into U.S. dollars. In addition, fluctuations in currency can adversely impact the cost position in local currency of our products, making it more difficult for us to
compete. The exchange rates between some of the major foreign currencies in which we operate (including the Australian dollar, British pound sterling, euro, Canadian dollar, Indian rupee and Mexican peso) and the U.S. dollar have fluctuated
significantly in recent years and are likely to continue to do so in the future. Our operations may be adversely affected by failure to
maintain or renegotiate distribution, supply, manufacturing or license agreements on favorable terms. We have a number
of distribution, supply, manufacturing and license agreements for our spirits products. These agreements vary depending on the particular brand, but tend to be for a fixed number of years. There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew
these agreements on favorable terms or that these agreements will not be terminated. Termination of these agreements or failure to renew these agreements on favorable terms could have a negative affect on our results of operations and financial
condition. Our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could adversely affect our business. 
 Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our senior management team and key employees. Their motivation, skills,
experience and industry contacts significantly benefit our operations and administration. The failure to attract, motivate and retain members of our senior management team and key employees could have a negative effect on our operating results.
 
 9 

Changes in regulatory standards could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business is subject to extensive domestic and international regulatory requirements regarding distribution, production, labeling, and
marketing. Changes to regulation of the beverage alcohol industry could include increased limitations on advertising and promotional activities or other non-tariff measures that could adversely impact our business. In addition, we face government
regulations pertaining to the health and safety of our employees and our consumers as well as regulations addressing the impact of our business on the environment, domestically as well as internationally. Compliance with these health, safety and
environmental regulations may require us to alter our manufacturing processes and our sourcing. Such actions could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and our inability to effectively and timely comply
with such regulations could adversely impact our competitive position. Changes in excise taxes, incentives and customs duties related
to distilled spirits could adversely affect our business. Distilled spirits are subject to excise taxation in many
markets at the federal, state and/or local level. Any increase in federal, state or local excise taxes could have an adverse effect on our business by increasing prices and reducing demand, particularly if excise tax levels increase
substantially relative to those for beer and wine. For example, in April 2008 the Australian government increased excise taxes specifically on ready-to-drink spirits products by 70 , equating to a 25 price increase to consumers, which adversely
impacted demand for Jim Beam and Cola and other pre-mixed products. We are also the recipient of certain U.S. governmental economic development incentives in connection with our manufacture of rum. The amount and availability of these incentives in
future periods cannot be assured. Any reduction in incentives would have an adverse effect on our business by increasing production costs. In addition, distilled spirits products are the subject of customs duties in many countries around the world.
An unanticipated increase in customs duties in the markets where we sell our products could also adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. Downgrades of our credit ratings could adversely affect our business. 
 A downgrade of our credit rating by Moody s, Standard Poor s or Fitch could result in an increase to our interest
expense and cost of capital and impact our future ability to access credit, particularly if the downgrade were to a non-investment grade rating. Downgrades of our credit ratings would also adversely affect the fair value and marketability of our
outstanding debt. In addition, a downgrade could weaken operating cash flow and liquidity, potentially adversely impacting our ability to pay dividends, fund acquisitions and repurchase shares. 
 We rely on the performance of wholesale distributors and other marketing arrangements and could be adversely affected by consolidation, poor
performance or other disruptions in our distribution channels and customers. Our spirits products are sold principally
through wholesale distributors for resale to retail outlets. The replacement, poor performance or financial default of a major distributor or one of its major customers could adversely affect our business. Industry consolidation could also adversely
affect our margins and profitability. Though large customers can offer efficiencies and unique opportunities, they can also seek to make significant changes in their volume of purchases, represent a large number of competing products, negotiate more
favorable terms and seek price reductions, which could negatively impact our financial results. Costs and funding requirements of
certain employee and retiree benefits may continue to accelerate. Increases in the costs of medical and pension
benefits may continue and negatively affect our business as a result of increased usage of medical benefits by current and retired employees and medical cost inflation in the United States, the effect of potential declines in the stock and bond
markets on the performance of our pension plan assets, potential reductions in the discount rate used to determine the present value of our benefit obligations, and changes in legal and accounting standards that may increase the funding of, and the
expense reflected for, employee benefits. Future tax law changes and/or interpretation of existing tax laws may adversely affect our
effective income tax rate and the resolution of unrecognized tax benefits. We are subject to income taxation in the
U.S. as well as internationally. It is possible that future income tax legislation may be enacted that could have a material impact on our worldwide income tax provision. We are routinely audited by income tax authorities in many jurisdictions.
Although we believe that our recorded tax estimates are reasonable and appropriate, there are inherent uncertainties in these estimates. As a result, the ultimate outcome from any audit could be materially different from amounts reflected in our
income tax provisions and accruals. Future settlements of income tax audits may have a material effect on earnings between the period of initial recognition of tax estimates in the financial statements and the timing of ultimate tax audit
settlement. In addition, it is possible that future income tax legislation may be enacted that could have a material impact on our worldwide income tax provision. 
 10 

Potential liabilities and costs from litigation and other legal proceedings could adversely affect our
business. From time to time we are subject to various lawsuits, claims, disputes and investigations in the normal
conduct of our operations. These include, but are not limited to, commercial disputes, including purported class actions, employment claims, actions by tax and customs authorities, and environmental matters. Some of these legal proceedings
include claims for substantial or unspecified damages. It is possible that some of the actions could be decided unfavorably and could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. In addition, because litigation
and other legal proceedings can be costly to defend, even actions that are ultimately decided in our favor could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Numerous legal actions are pending in various jurisdictions against leading tobacco manufacturers based upon allegations that cancer and
other ailments have resulted from tobacco use. The Company has been named in some of these actions relating to tobacco products made and sold by former subsidiaries. See Item 3 Legal Proceedings. It is not possible to
predict the outcome of pending tobacco-related litigation, and it is possible that some of these actions could be decided unfavorably. Management believes that the Company has meritorious defenses, including the fact that the Company never made
or sold tobacco, and the Company is indemnified for any losses. However, damages claimed in some of these cases range into the billions of dollars and, as a result, any failure of the indemnitor to satisfy its indemnification obligations could
result in a material adverse affect on the Company. Historical financial statements may not be reflective of our future results of
operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Although we believe that this report contains material information
necessary to make an informed assessment of our assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects, historical financial statements do not represent what our results of operations, cash flows, or financial position will be
in the future. This is particularly true in light of the significant changes to the Company s business and operations following the Separation Transactions during 2011. Our inability to secure and maintain rights to intellectual property could adversely affect our business. We have many trademarks, brand names and trade names that are important to our business. Our business could be adversely affected by the loss of any major brand or by material infringement of our
intellectual property rights. We are also subject to intellectual property risks because existing trade secret and trademark laws offer only limited protection, and the laws of some countries in which our products are or may be developed,
manufactured or sold may not fully protect our products from infringement by others. In addition, others may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us or our customers. An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets could negatively affect our operating results and stockholders equity. 
 The carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the
acquisition date, net of any cumulative impairments. The carrying value of other intangible assets represents the fair value of trademarks, tradenames and other acquired intangible assets as of the acquisition date, net of impairments and
accumulated amortization. Goodwill and other acquired intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated for impairment by our management at least annually. If carrying value exceeds
current fair value as determined based on the discounted future cash flows of the related business, the intangible asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. For example, in connection with our
annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing in the fourth quarter of 2011, we recorded impairment charges of 31.3 million to adjust the Larios and DYC tradenames to fair value. Events and conditions that could result in future
impairments include a change in expected global consumer spending and timing of the recovery from the global recession, and decreases in market growth rates in certain categories in our business, among others. In addition, future impairment could be
caused by changes in competition, a significant product liability or intellectual property claim, or other factors leading to reduction in expected long-term sales or profitability. If the value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets is
impaired, our earnings and stockholders equity could be adversely affected. A disruption at our production facilities could
adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Because whiskeys/whiskies, cognacs,
brandies, ports, rum and some tequila varieties are aged for various periods, we maintain substantial inventories of maturing product in warehouse facilities. If there were a catastrophic failure at one of our major distillation or bottling
facilities, our business would be adversely affected. The loss of a substantial amount of aged inventory through fire, other natural or man-made disaster, contamination, or otherwise could result in a significant reduction in supply of
the affected product or products. Similarly, if we experienced a disruption in the supply of barrels in which to age our products, our business could suffer. A consequence of any of these supply disruptions could be our inability to meet consumer
demand for the affected products for a period of time. In addition, there can be no assurance that insurance proceeds would cover the replacement value of our inventory of maturing products or other assets if they were to be lost. 
 11 

We may not realize the anticipated benefits of the Spin-Off of Home Security.
 At the time of the Spin-Off of Home Security, our board of directors, after consultation with independent
financial and legal advisors, believed that the Spin-Off would allow the Company to achieve the benefit of focus, result in enhanced long-term growth and return prospects, and offer greater total long-term value to stockholders. There is no
assurance that these long-term benefits will be realized. Furthermore, while we believe that the Spin-Off will qualify as tax-free under Section 355 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, and we received a private letter ruling from the IRS
substantially to that effect, it is not a certainty. Both the Company and our stockholders could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities if taxing authorities conclude that the Spin-Off distribution is taxable. 
 Indemnification agreements with Home Security and other divested businesses may not fully protect us against certain liabilities.
 In connection with the Spin-Off, Home Security agreed to indemnify us for any losses relating to the
conduct of the Home Security business. We have entered into similar agreements with other divested businesses. There can be no assurance that the indemnity agreements will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of any
liabilities that may arise, or that the indemnitors will be able to fully satisfy their indemnification obligations. The failure to receive amounts for which we are entitled to indemnification could adversely affect our results of operations, cash
flows and financial condition. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties. The Company
leases its principal executive offices in Deerfield, Illinois. The following table indicates the principal properties of the Company and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2011: 

Owned 

Leased 

Production and Warehouse Facilities: 

Canada 

6 

France 

8 

India 

1 

9 

Mexico 

3 

6 

Spain 

11 

U.K. 

3 

U.S. Kentucky 

13 

2 

U.S. Virgin Islands 

3 

Total 

48 

17 

Distribution Facilities: 

Germany (EMEA) 

1 

India (APSA) 

9 

Spain (EMEA) 

1 

Total 

1 

10 

Total 

49 

27 

The production and warehouse facilities listed above support the operations of each of our segments. In
addition to the leased property located in Deerfield, Illinois, the Company also leases properties located in Australia, India, Mexico, and Spain related to corporate and administrative functions. 
 We are of the opinion that the properties are suitable for our business and have production capacities adequate to meet the needs of our
business. 
 12 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. Tobacco
Litigation On December 22, 1994, we sold The American Tobacco Company (ATCO) subsidiary to Brown 
Williamson Tobacco Corporation (now known as Brown Williamson Holding, Inc.) (B W). In connection with the sale, B W and ATCO, which subsequently merged into B W, agreed, under an Indemnification Agreement
(the Indemnification Agreement), to indemnify the Company against claims including legal expenses arising from smoking and health and fire safe cigarette matters relating to the tobacco business of ATCO. 
 On July 30, 2004, B W and R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Holdings, Inc. announced that they had completed the combination of their
respective U.S. tobacco businesses, previously conducted by B W (and ATCO) and R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., by forming a new combined company known as R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company. As a result of the combination and in
accordance with the Indemnification Agreement, the new R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company assumed the indemnification obligations under the Indemnification Agreement relating to the U.S. business previously conducted by B W (and ATCO).
B W has not been released from any of its obligations under the Indemnification Agreement. We refer to B W and the new R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company as the Indemnitor under the Indemnification Agreement. 
 The Indemnitor has complied with the terms of the Indemnification Agreement since 1994, and we are not aware of any inability on the part
of the Indemnitor to satisfy its indemnity obligations. Numerous legal actions, proceedings and claims are pending in various
jurisdictions against leading tobacco manufacturers, including B W both individually and as successor by merger to ATCO, based upon allegations that cancer and other ailments have resulted from tobacco use. The Company has been named as a
defendant in some of these cases. These claims have generally fallen within three categories: (i) smoking and health cases alleging personal injury brought on behalf of individual plaintiffs, (ii) smoking and health cases alleging personal
injury and other damages and purporting to be brought on behalf of classes of individual plaintiffs, and (iii) health care cost recovery cases, including class actions, brought by foreign governments, unions, health trusts, taxpayers and others
seeking reimbursement for health care expenditures allegedly caused by cigarette smoking. Damages claimed in some of the cases range into the billions of dollars. It is not possible to predict the outcome of the pending tobacco-related litigation, and it is possible that some of these actions could be decided unfavorably. Management is unable to make a reasonable
estimate of the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the pending litigation. Management believes that there are a number of meritorious defenses to the pending actions, including the fact that the Company never
made or sold tobacco, and these actions are being vigorously contested by the Indemnitor. Management believes that the pending actions will not have a material adverse effect upon the results of operations, cash flows or financial condition of the
Company because it believes it has meritorious defenses, and because the Company is indemnified under the Indemnification Agreement. On September 14, 2011, in connection with the Spin-Off, the Company agreed to indemnify Home Security for any losses arising from smoking and health or fire-safe cigarette matters relating
to the tobacco business of any of the Company s predecessors or former subsidiaries. Pending Cases 
 As of February 1, 2012, there were five smoking and health cases pending on behalf of individual plaintiffs in which the Company
has been named as one of the defendants, compared with five cases reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. As of February 1, 2012, there were no purported smoking and health class actions
or health care recovery actions pending against the Company. For a list of pending cases, see Exhibit 99 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Terminated Cases 
 There were no tobacco-related cases terminated in 2011 in which the Company was named as one of the defendants. 
 Certain Developments Affecting the Indemnitor On July 14, 2000, in Engle v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, et al., a Florida state case brought against B W (individually and as successor to ATCO) and other U.S. tobacco manufacturers on
behalf of a class of Florida residents allegedly injured as a result of their alleged addiction to cigarettes containing nicotine, a jury awarded a total of 144.87 billion in punitive damages against the defendants, including
 17.59 billion against B W. On July 6, 2006, the Florida Supreme Court vacated the jury s 145 billion punitive damage award and also decertified the class and reinstated compensatory damages to the two named plaintiffs, and
permitted individual members of the former class to file separate lawsuits within one year of issuance of the mandate (which was ultimately 
 13 

issued January 11, 2007). As of February 1, 2012, B W and/or R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company had been served in over 6,500 pending cases (the Engle progeny cases ), 56 of
which have been tried to verdict and 38 of which resulted in adverse judgments against tobacco companies. Of those 38 adverse judgments, 30 resulted in adverse judgments against the Indemnitor. The Indemnitor is appealing 27 of these adverse
judgments and, as of February 1, 2012, the Indemnitor s time to file an appeal from the other three of these adverse judgments had not yet expired. Twenty-three of these appeals remained pending as of February 1, 2012. In each of the
four appeals that were decided, the Florida intermediate appellate courts affirmed final judgments in favor of plaintiffs. On December 16, 2011, the Indemnitor petitioned the United States Supreme Court for writ of certiorari in these four
appeals. These certiorari petitions remain pending. The Company is not a party to any of the Engle progeny cases. In
September 1999, the United States government filed a recoupment lawsuit in Federal Court in Washington, D.C. against the leading tobacco manufacturers (including the Indemnitor and B W individually and as a successor to ATCO)
seeking recovery of costs paid by the Federal government for claimed smoking-related illness. On August 17, 2006, the Court issued a final judgment and remedial order, which found that the defendants violated federal civil RICO law by
defrauding the public with regard to smoking and health issues. The court did not award monetary damages to the government, but did order the defendants to, among other things, remove descriptors such as low tar, light or
 ultra light from cigarette packages and to publish certain corrective statements regarding smoking and health issues. On May 22, 2009, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia unanimously affirmed the
district court s RICO liability judgment against several defendants, including the Indemnitor, and remanded for further factual findings and clarification as to whether liability should be imposed against B W. The District Court issued an
order on December 22, 2010, on consent of the parties, ruling that B W is no longer subject to the injunctive remedies in the case. These remedies are still being litigated in the District Court. 
 On March 21, 2003, a judgment for 7.1 billion in compensatory and 3 billion in punitive damages was entered by an
Illinois state court against Philip Morris, Inc. in Price, et al. v. Philip Morris, Inc., a class action alleging that certain advertising for light or low tar cigarettes was deceptive under the Illinois
Consumer Fraud Act. On September 28, 2011, after several years of appellate proceedings, the Supreme Court of Illinois remanded the case to the trial court for further proceedings. Class actions involving similar allegations as Price (Howard,
et al. v. Brown Williamson Tobacco Corp. and Turner v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.) are pending against B W and R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, respectively, in the same court. Proceedings in the Howard and
Turner cases have been stayed or are otherwise inactive pending resolution of the Price litigation. The Company is not a party to the Price, Howard or Turner litigation. Resolution of Health Care Cost Recovery Actions by State, U.S. Territories and the District of Columbia In 1998, certain U.S. tobacco companies, including B W, entered into a Master Settlement Agreement (the MSA with certain state attorneys general that resulted in the dismissal
of all remaining health care reimbursement lawsuits brought by 52 government entities, including 46 states, American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands and the District of Columbia.
Although the Company is not a party to the MSA and is not bound by any of its payment obligations or other restrictions, the Company understands that it is a released party under the terms of the MSA, which provides for the release of claims not
only against participating manufacturers, but also against their predecessors, successors, and past, present and future affiliates. Under the MSA, participating manufacturers were required to make initial payments through 2003, with additional payments to the settling parties required to continue in perpetuity (starting at
 4.5 billion in 2000 and increasing to 9 billion in 2018 and thereafter). Payments to a strategic contribution fund for individual states from 2008 to 2017, and a public health foundation until 2008, were also required. Ongoing payments
are to be allocated according to market share and are subject to various credits and adjustments, depending on industry volume. The MSA also calls for the participating manufacturers to pay attorneys fees for the states attorneys in the
settled litigation. Other Legal Proceedings From time to time the Company is subject to various other lawsuits, claims, disputes and investigations in the normal conduct of its operations. These include, but are not limited to, commercial disputes,
including purported class actions, employment claims, actions by tax and customs authorities, and environmental matters. Some of these legal proceedings include claims for substantial or unspecified damages. We believe that there are meritorious
defenses to these actions and are contesting them vigorously. We do not believe that any currently pending legal proceedings to which we are a party will have a material adverse effect, individually or in the aggregate, on our results of operations,
cash flows or financial condition. 
 14 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable.

Item 4A. 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant. The name, present position and offices with the Company, principal occupations during the past five years and age of each of the Company s present executive officers are set forth below. References
to Beam Global Spirits Wine, Inc. are to the spirits operating segment of Fortune Brands, Inc. prior to the Spin-Off on October 3, 2011. 

Name 
 
 Present positions and offices with the Company
and principal occupations during the past five years 
 
 Age 

Matthew J. Shattock 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since October 2011; President and Chief Executive Officer of Beam Global Spirits Wine, Inc. from March 2009 to October
2011; Region President of Cadbury Plc, a confectionary company, from 2003 to 2008. 

49 

Robert F. Probst 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since October 2011; Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Beam Global Spirits Wine, Inc. from September
2008 to October 2011; Vice President Finance at Baxter International Inc., a global diversified healthcare company, from January 2005 to September 2008 where he was a divisional chief financial officer responsible for financial services, strategic
planning and business development. 

44 

William A. Newlands 
 
 Senior Vice President and President, North America since October 2011; Senior Vice President and President, North America of Beam Global Spirits Wine, Inc. from December
2010 to October 2011; Senior Vice President and President, USA of Beam Global Spirits Wine, Inc. from February 2008 to December 2010; President of Beam Wine Estates from July 2005 to February 2008. 

53 

Albert Baladi 
 
 Senior Vice President and President, Europe/Middle East/Africa since October 2011; Senior Vice President and President, Europe/Middle East/Africa of Beam Global Spirits 
Wine, Inc. from March 2011 to October 2011; Managing Director, South Pacific of YUM! Restaurants International, a division of YUM! Brands, Inc., the world s largest quickserve restaurant company, from January 2008 to February 2011, where he led
the business in Australia and New Zealand; Chief Operations and Development Officer of YUM! Restaurants International, from May 2007 to December 2007, where he led the operations and development functions with primary responsibility over goals and
strategies; General Manager at Pepsi-Lipton International, a beverage products joint venture, from January 2004 to April 2007, where he developed and managed business strategy. 

47 

Philip A. Baldock 
 
 Senior Vice President and President, Asia-Pacific/South America since October 2011; Senior Vice President and President, Asia-Pacific/South America of Beam Global Spirits 
Wine, Inc. from November 2010 to October 2011; Managing Director, Asia-Pacific Region of Beam Global Spirits Wine, Inc. from January 2005 to November 2010. 

51 

Donard P. Gaynor 
 
 Senior Vice President Corporate Development since October 2011; Senior Vice President Corporate Development of Beam Global Spirits Wine, Inc. from January 2011 to October
2011; Senior Vice President and Managing Director, International of Beam Global Spirits Wine, Inc. from September 2003 to December 2010. 

55 

15 

Name 
 
 Present positions and offices with the Company
and principal occupations during the past five years 
 
 Age 

Kevin B. George 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer since October 2011; Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Beam Global Spirits Wine, Inc. from September
2009 to October 2011; Vice President and General Manager, Unilever N.V., one of the world s leading suppliers of fast-moving consumer goods, from August 2006 to September 2009, where he managed one of Unilever s three U.S. business
units. 

45 

Ian Gourlay 
 
 Senior Vice President Global Operations and Supply Chain since October 2011; Senior Vice President Global Operations and Supply Chain of Beam Global Spirits Wine, Inc. from
September 2005 to October 2011. 

56 

C. Clarkson Hine 
 
 Senior Vice President Corporate Communications and Public Affairs since October 2011; Vice President Corporate Communications and Public Affairs from January 2009
to October 2011; Vice President Corporate Communications from September 1999 to January 2009. 

48 

Mindy Mackenzie 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since October 2011; Senior Vice President Human Resources of Beam Global Spirits Wine, Inc. from January 2010 to
October 2011; Vice President Human Resources and Communications APAC of Campbell Soup Company, a global manufacturer of branded convenience food products, from January 2008 to December 2010, where she directed all regional human resources and
communication programs; Vice President, Corporate Human Resources of Campbell Soup Company from June 2006 to December 2007, where she provided global human resources support. 

41 

Kenton R. Rose 
 
 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer and Secretary since October 2011; Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer
of Beam Global Spirits Wine, Inc. from October 2001 to October 2011. 

54 

Leo A. Mierzwicki 
 
 Vice President and Global Controller since October 2011; Vice President, Controller of Beam Global Spirits Wine, Inc. from May 2009 to October 2011; Assistant Controller of
Trane Inc. (f/k/a American Standard Co.), a global manufacturer of heating, ventilation and air conditioning equipment, from July 2007 to September 2008, where he was responsible for controllership and financial planning and analysis; Chief
Financial Officer of Liberty Lane Partners, a private equity investment firm, from January 2007 to June 2007, where he directed finance and reporting matters. 

42 
 
 In the case of each of the above-listed executive officers, the occupations given were the principal
occupation and employment during the periods indicated. No executive officers are related to any other executive officer. No executive officer was selected pursuant to any arrangement or understanding between the executive officer and any other
person. All executive officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors. 
 16 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Quarterly Composite Common Stock Prices and Common Stock Cash Dividend Payments 

2011 

2010 

High 

Low 

Dividend Per Share of Common Stock 

High 

Low 

Dividend per Share of Common Stock 

First Quarter 

63.51 

58.89 

0.19 

50.08 

39.84 

0.19 

Second Quarter 

65.48 

61.62 

0.19 

55.68 

39.09 

0.19 

Third Quarter 

65.42 

50.88 

0.19 

50.39 

37.05 

0.19 

Fourth Quarter 

54.49 
 (1) 

42.30 
 (1) 

0.19 

63.51 

49.02 

0.19 

Total 

0.76 

0.76 

(1) 
 On October 3, 2011, we completed the Spin-Off by paying a pro rata dividend of one share of Home Security common stock for each share of our common
stock held on September 20, 2011, the record date for the Spin-Off. On October 3, 2011, the last trading day before the Spin-Off became effective, the closing price of our common stock, trading regular way (that is, with an
entitlement to shares of Home Security common stock distributed in the Spin-Off), was 54.20. On October 4, 2011, the first day of trading after the Spin-Off, the opening price of our common stock was 43.55 per share and the opening
price of Home Security common stock was 12.19 per share. The Company s common stock is listed
on the New York Stock Exchange, which is the principal market for this security. The high and low prices are as reported in the consolidated transaction reporting system. On January 27, 2012, we announced that our board of directors approved an 8 increase in the dividend on the Company s common stock. Beginning with the payment date of March 1, 2012, the
dividend will increase 6 cents per share to an annual rate of 0.82 (payable 20.5 cents per quarter) from 0.76 per share (19 cents per quarter). We currently expect to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future, but such payments are dependent upon
our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors, including those set forth in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors. On January 31, 2012, there were 16,938 record holders of the Company s common stock, par value 3.125 per share. 
 17 

Stock Performance Graph The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return of the Company s common stock for the last five years with the cumulative total return for the same period of the S P 500 Index,
the former Fortune Brands peer group and the new Beam Inc. peer group (described below). The former Fortune Brands peer group is presented to provide a meaningful comparison of Beam s stock performance relative to its peers during the periods
prior to the Separation Transactions. On October 3, 2011, Beam Inc. spun-off its entire interest in Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. to its stockholders. The Spin-Off is treated as a special dividend for the purposes of calculating
total shareholder return, with the then current market value of the distributed shares being deemed to have been reinvested on the Spin-Off date in shares of Beam Inc. A vertical line is included on the graph below to separate periods that include
the combined Fortune Brands businesses from periods that only include the standalone Beam Inc. spirits business (October 3, 2011). BEAM INC. TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURNS (With Dividend Reinvestment)

The foregoing performance graph is being furnished as part of this Form 10-K solely in accordance with
the requirement under Rule 14a-3(b)(9) to furnish our stockholders with such information, and therefore, shall not be deemed to be filed or incorporated by reference into any filings by the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
 The weighted average total return for Beam Inc. common stock and the three indices is calculated from an assumed initial
investment of 100 and assumes dividend reinvestment, including the impact of the distribution of Home Security common stock in the Spin-Off. 
 18 

New Beam Peer Group The new Beam peer group is the Dow Jones Food Beverage Titans 30 Index, a published index that represents leading companies in the global food and beverage sector based on market
capitalization, revenue, and net profit. Former Fortune Brands, Inc. Peer Group 
 The former Fortune Brands, Inc. peer group was comprised of the following publicly traded companies in industries corresponding to the
three businesses of Fortune Brands, Inc. prior to the Separation Transactions: Spirits : Brown-Forman Corporation,
Constellation Brands, Inc., Diageo PLC, Pernod Ricard S.A. and R my Cointreau S.A.; Home 
Security : Stanley Black Decker, Inc., Masco Corporation, and Newell Rubbermaid Inc. and Golf : Adidas
Salomon AG, Callaway Golf Company, Mizuno Corporation and NIKE, Inc. The weighted average total return of the entire peer
group, for each year, is calculated in the following manner: 

(1) 
 the total return of each peer group member is calculated by dividing the change in market value of a share of its common stock, assuming periodic dividend reinvestment,
by the cumulative value of a share of its common stock at the beginning of the year; 

(2) 
 each peer group member s total return is then weighted within its industry segment based on its market capitalization at the beginning of the year, relative to the
market capitalization of the entire segment, and the sum of such weighted returns results in a weighted average total return for that segment; and 

(3) 
 each segment s weighted average total return is then weighted based on the percentage of sales, excluding excise taxes, as required by SEC regulations, of that
segment of the Company for the year, as compared with total Company sales, excluding excise taxes, and the sum of such weighted returns results in a weighted average total return for the entire peer group. 
 19 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 The selected financial data should be read in conjunction with the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Reclassifications We changed our presentation of excise taxes from
a gross basis (included in sales and cost of goods sold) to a net basis in 2011. Financial information for prior periods has been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 
 We completed the sale of our Golf business and the spin-off of our Home Security business in 2011. The operating results of
those businesses are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. GAAP ). See Note 1, Description of Business, Basis of Presentation, and Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies Changes in Basis of Presentation and Accounting , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(In millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Income Statement Data 

Sales (a) 

2,871.7 

2,665.9 

2,469.6 

2,480.9 

2,606.8 

Less: excise taxes 

(560.6) 

(571.0) 

(489.3) 

(503.8) 

(510.9) 

Net sales (a) 

2,311.1 

2,094.9 

1,980.3 

1,977.1 

2,095.9 

Cost of goods sold (b) 

987.8 

865.0 

782.7 

791.5 

831.7 

Gross profit 

1,323.3 

1,229.9 

1,197.6 

1,185.6 

1,264.2 

Advertising and marketing expense 

358.7 

307.6 

275.7 

331.3 

341.2 

Selling, general and administrative expense (c) (d) 

430.0 

416.1 

384.2 

292.6 

247.8 

Amortization of intangible assets 

16.3 

16.3 

17.3 

16.4 

12.7 

Business separation costs 

83.8 

2.3 

Restructuring charges 

7.7 

15.4 

28.8 

32.3 

2.6 

Asset impairment charges 

31.3 

92.5 

27.2 

Loss (gain) on sale of brands and related assets 

16.0 

(45.6) 

Operating income 

395.5 

456.2 

399.1 

485.8 

705.5 

Interest expense 

117.4 

143.7 

143.6 

139.8 

169.4 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

149.2 

Other (income) expense (e) 

(40.4) 

(33.2) 

7.5 

(279.9) 

(35.2) 

Income from continuing operations 

169.3 

345.7 

248.0 

625.9 

571.3 

Income taxes 

36.0 

36.2 

13.3 

120.5 

137.8 

Income from continuing operations, net of tax 

133.3 

309.5 

234.7 

505.4 

433.5 

Earnings per common share continuing operations 

Basic 

0.86 

2.03 

1.56 

3.80 

2.72 

Diluted 

0.85 

2.01 

1.55 

3.76 

2.66 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Basic 

154.6 

152.4 

150.3 

151.7 

153.1 

Diluted 

157.8 

154.3 

151.8 

153.7 

156.5 

Cash Flow Data 

Cash dividends declared per share of common stock 

0.76 

0.76 

1.01 

1.72 

1.62 

As of December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Balance Sheet Data 

Total assets 

7,491.8 

12,674.0 

12,370.6 

12,091.9 

13,956.9 

Total assets (net of assets of discontinued operations) 

7,491.8 

8,262.2 

7,903.0 

7,370.1 

8,135.5 

Short-term debt (f) 

28.4 

611.4 

39.9 

17.9 

411.9 

Long-term debt 

1,902.1 

3,620.6 

4,389.4 

4,664.7 

3,913.9 

(a) 
 Includes 46.3 million benefit in 2011 associated with transition to our new long-term distribution agreement in Australia. 

(b) 
 Includes 22.7 million in 2011 related to the Australia distribution agreement transition and restructuring-related charges of 15.6 million, 3.6 million, and 0.6
million in 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively, primarily related to restructuring activities discussed in Note 7, Restructuring and Other Charges , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 20 

(c) 
 Includes 28 million of acquisition-related contingent consideration in 2011. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Dispositions , of the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for more information. 

(d) 
 Includes restructuring-related charges of 0.9 million, 6.9 million, and 4.6 million in 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively, primarily related to restructuring
activities discussed in Note 7, Restructuring and Other Charges , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(e) 
 Includes nontaxable income tax indemnification payments related to foreign tax jurisdictions for periods prior to our acquisitions of the businesses of 27 million in
2011 and 37 million in 2010. 

(f) 
 Includes notes payables and current portion of long-term debt. 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following information should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which could cause actual results to differ materially from
management s expectations. Please see the Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements section in Part I, Item 1 of this report and the Risk Factors section in Part I, Item 1A of this report. 
 We use the terms Beam, the Company, we, us, and our to refer to the business
of Beam Inc. and its subsidiaries. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY We are a leading premium spirits company that makes and sells branded distilled spirits products in major markets worldwide. Our principal products include bourbon whiskey, Scotch whisky, Canadian whisky,
tequila, cognac, rum, cordials, and ready-to-drink pre-mixed cocktails. Our portfolio includes several of the world s top premium spirits brands and some of the industry s fastest growing innovations. 
 Separation Transactions 
 On December 8, 2010, Beam (then known as Fortune Brands, Inc.) announced that the Board of Directors approved in principle a
separation of the Company s three business segments. The announced plan included the tax-free spin-off of the home and security products business and the sale or tax-free spin-off of the golf business with the continuation of Beam as an
independent publicly-traded pure-play spirits company. The Company concluded that the separation of the three businesses would significantly enhance each business s long-term growth and return prospects and offer substantially greater total
long-term value to shareholders. On July 29, 2011, we completed the sale of the Acushnet Company golf business (the
 Golf business to a company formed by Fila Korea Ltd. and Mirae Asset Private Equity of Korea. On October 3, 2011, we completed the spin-off of Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. Home Security by
distributing 100 of the outstanding shares of common stock of Home Security to holders of our common stock (the Spin-Off ). The sale of the Golf business and the Spin-Off are together referred to in this Form 10-K as the
 Separation Transactions. Both the Golf business and Home Security have been reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Upon completion of the Spin-Off, we changed our name from Fortune Brands, Inc. to Beam Inc. and began trading on the NYSE under the ticker BEAM on October 4, 2011. 
 Operating Segments 
 Following the Separation Transactions, our operating segments, based on the internal, regional organization used by management for making
operating decisions and assessing performance, are as follows: 

Segment 
 
 Key Countries/Markets 

North America 
 
 United States, Canada and Mexico 

EMEA 
 (Europe/Middle East/Africa) 
 
 Spain, United Kingdom, Germany, Russia, Turkey, Ireland, Italy, Hungary, Czech Republic, Romania, South Africa, North America Duty Free and Europe Travel Retail 

APSA 
 (Asia-Pacific/South America) 
 
 Australia, New Zealand, South East Asia, China, Brazil, India, South Korea and Japan 
 Each operating segment derives revenues from the sale of distilled spirits. 
 21 

Financial Impact of Separation Transactions and Other Matters 
 Certain items had a significant impact on our financial results in 2011, 2010 and 2009. These include the impact of the Separation
Transactions, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, acquisition and disposition-related items, restructuring and other related charges and income tax related matters. In 2011, our financial results included the following: 

Business separation costs of 83.8 million 67.6 million net of tax or 0.43 per share) incurred in connection with the Separation Transactions,
principally transaction and professional advisory fees, severance and other employee related costs; 

Corporate and other general and administrative overhead costs related to the former Fortune Brands, Inc. management structure through the Spin-Off
(October 3, 2011) of 60.5 million 38.1 million net of tax or 0.24 per share); 

Acquisition related contingent consideration of 28 million 17.4 million net of tax, or 0.11 per share) recorded based on the actual and forecasted
performance of the business acquired in 2011; 

Restructuring and other related charges of 25.4 million 16.0 million net of tax or 0.10 per share) primarily related to a facility consolidation
and other supply chain and distribution cost reduction initiatives in North America as well as other organizational streamlining initiatives; 

Higher net sales of 46.3 million and operating income of 23.6 million 16.5 million net of tax or 0.10 per share) related to the one-time sale of
product recorded in connection with our transition to a new long-term distribution agreement in Australia; 

A favorable impact of foreign exchange compared to 2010 of 64 million on net sales and 16 million on operating income 11 million net of tax or
 0.07 per share); 

Asset impairment charges related to indefinite-lived trade names for Whisky DYC and Larios of 31.3 million 21.9 million net of tax or 0.14 per
share); 

Other income benefited from a nontaxable distribution from our Maxxium investment of 10.2 million 0.06 per share) and nontaxable income tax
indemnification payments of 27 million 0.17 per share) related to foreign tax jurisdictions for periods prior to our acquisitions of the businesses; 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt of 149.2 million 96.2 million net of tax or 0.61 per share); 

Income tax expense was impacted by the tax effects of the significant items described above and the impact of tax assessments associated with the
resolution of routine foreign and US income tax audit examinations, including an unfavorable 25.5 million related to Mexican tax audits and a favorable 19 million related to Germany tax audits. 
 In 2010, our financial results included the following: 

A favorable impact of foreign exchange compared to 2009 of 11.2 million on net sales and 3.3 million on operating income;

Business separation costs of 2.3 million 1.5 million net of tax or 0.01 per share) incurred in connection with the Separation Transactions
principally for transaction and professional advisory fees; 

Corporate and other general and administrative overhead costs related to the former Fortune Brands, Inc. management structure of 85.8 million 55.4
million net of tax or 0.36 per share); 

Restructuring and other related charges of 26 million 16.7 million net of tax or 0.11 per share) primarily related to a facility consolidation and
other supply chain and distribution cost reduction initiatives in North America as well as other organizational streamlining initiatives; 
 22 

Lower net sales as a result of the sale of certain non-strategic spirits brands in Germany and the Cockburn s port brand and a loss on the sale of
such brands of 16 million 19 million net of tax or 0.12 per share); 

Other income benefited from nontaxable income tax indemnification payments of 37 million related to foreign tax jurisdictions for periods prior to our
acquisitions of the business. 

Income tax expense was impacted by the tax effects of the significant items described above and a favorable 46 million related to tax assessments
associated with the resolution of routine foreign and US income tax audit examinations. In 2009, our
financial results included the following: 

The incremental impact of the acquisitions on net sales 106 million) of Cruzan rum and sales of third-party brands within distribution businesses
acquired from Maxxium, our prior international spirits sales and distribution venture; 

Restructuring and other related charges of 34 million 22 million net of tax or 0.14 per share); 

Asset impairment charges related to indefinite-live intangible tradenames in North America of 92.5 million 66.8 million net of tax or 0.44 per
share). Business Outlook We believe that the long-term demographic trends are favorable for the continued profitable growth of western premium spirits. We believe that the continued management and investment focus on the best
growth and return opportunities, including innovation, advertising, and more effective routes to market, position us well for long-term growth. We expect our global spirits market to grow value in the range of 3 during 2012 supported by solid
growth in mature markets such as the U.S. and double-digit growth in key emerging markets (such as Brazil, India, China and Russia). Factors that could adversely affect future results in our business include macro-economic challenges and changes in market trends, competitive pricing and other activities, changes in foreign exchange
rates, reductions in customer inventory levels, changes to government financial incentives, increases in commodity and energy prices, future increases in excise taxes and customs duties, continued consolidation in the distributor and retail tiers,
increased regulatory enforcement, and potential impairment charges. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our results from continuing operations for 2011 compared to 2010 and 2010 compared to 2009
addresses changes in net sales, operating expenses and income from continuing operations. We calculate foreign exchange translation effects by translating current year results at prior year exchange rates. Approximately 50 percent of our business is
outside the U.S., therefore changes in foreign exchange rates (particularly the Australian dollar and the Euro) can have a significant impact on our reported results of operations when translated and presented in U.S. dollars. 
 Consolidated Results for 2011 Compared to 2010 Net sales Net sales increased 216.2 million or 10 from 2.1 billion in
2010 to 2.3 billion in 2011. The increase in net sales was driven by an increase in volume of 3 as well as favorable product mix of 5 . Our Power Brands and Rising Stars brands grew 12 and 52 , respectively, reflecting strong growth at the
premium end of our portfolio, achieved through a significant increase in advertising and marketing expense behind these brands as well as innovation in 2011. The remaining increase in net sales is attributed to favorable foreign currency exchange of
3 and the impact of a one-time sale of inventory related to transitioning to our new long-term distribution agreement in Australia of 2 , partially offset by the combination of the ongoing impact of our Australia distributor agreement and the net
impact of acquisitions and divestitures (primarily due to the sale of non-strategic German spirits brands and inventories and the Cockburn s port business in 2010) of 3 . In 2011, we transitioned from an agency agreement to a manufacturing and
distribution agreement in Australia. Under the new agreement, our net sales are lower as our distributor is now responsible for and incurs distribution and selling costs that were previously incurred by Beam. 
 Cost of goods sold Cost
of goods sold increased 122.8 million or 14 from 865 million in 2010 to 988 million in 2011. Cost of goods sold increased 10 primarily due to higher sales, start-up costs associated with new products, an increase in commodities (including corn,
rye and other grains) and other raw material costs of approximately 20 million, partially offset by the favorable impact of our productivity initiatives achieved under our Fuel Our Growth strategy. The remaining increase in cost of
goods sold is primarily attributed to the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation (approximately 34 million), the impact of a one-time sale of inventory related to transitioning to our new long-term distribution agreement in Australia
(net of the ongoing impact of the Australia agreement), and 10 million of higher charges in 2011 versus 2010, partially offset by the above mentioned net impact of acquisition and divestitures. 
 23 

Advertising and marketing expense 
 Advertising and marketing expense increased 51 million or 17 from 308 million in 2010 to 359 million in 2011. We substantially
increased advertising and marketing expense in the year to build and enhance our core brand equities, principally our Power Brands and Rising Stars, drive net sales growth in the year and position our brands for long-term growth. We increased
advertising and marketing expense across all segments, principally North America and Asia-Pacific/South America. Selling, general and
administrative expense Selling, general and administrative expense increased 14 million or 3 from 416 million in 2010
to 430 million in 2011. Increased strategic investments in new product development to support innovation initiatives, higher variable selling costs in North America resulting from strong sales growth (particularly in the U.S.), and selling and
administrative costs in APSA incurred to build infrastructure regionally and within our key emerging markets increased selling, general and administrative expense, collectively, by approximately 7 . These higher costs were partially offset by the
favorable impact of lower Fortune Brands corporate overhead. In 2011, selling, general and administrative expenses included
corporate and other general and administrative overhead costs related to the former Fortune Brands, Inc. management structure through the Spin-Off (October 3, 2011) of approximately 61 million as compared to approximately 86 million for 2010, a
decrease of 25 million, which was partially offset by incremental corporate costs incurred by Beam in the fourth quarter of 2011. Selling, general and administrative expense for 2011 also included acquisition-related contingent consideration of 28
million based on the actual and forecasted performance of the acquired business. Selling expenses under our new manufacturing and distribution agreement in Australia decreased in 2011, because our distributor is responsible for selling costs under
the new agreement. In addition, other charges included in selling, general and administrative expense decreased by 6 million from 2010. 
 Business separation costs 
 Business separation costs incurred in connection with the Separation Transactions were 83.8 million and 2.3 million in the years ended
December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Business separation costs for 2011 consisted of 43.4 million of financial, legal and other separation-related advisory fees, as well as 40.4 million of employee-related costs primarily related to
termination benefits and incremental stock-based compensation expense incurred as a result of the modification of certain outstanding Fortune Brands equity awards in anticipation of the conversion of these awards to Beam and Home Security
equity awards. Business separation costs of 2.3 million in 2010 principally related to transaction and professional advisory fees incurred in connection with the Separation Transactions. Restructuring charges In 2011, restructuring charges of 7.7 million
related to distribution and supply-chain initiatives, facility consolidations, and organizational streamlining initiatives. We completed a significant supply-chain initiative towards the end of 2011 with the consolidation of our U.S. bottling
facilities into our expanded operations and center of excellence in Frankfort, Kentucky. In 2010, restructuring charges of 15.4 million related to organizational streamlining initiatives. Asset impairment charges We recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 31
million to reduce the Larios and DYC tradenames to their estimated fair value in December 2011. The asset impairment was due to the combined effect of the economic downturn on sales in key geographic markets (principally Spain), as well as the
effect of substantially higher interest rates. Refer to Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets below and Note 12, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, of the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report for more information. There were no asset impairment charges in 2010. 
 Loss on sale of brands and related assets In December 2010, we sold the Cockburn s port brand and related U.S., U.K. and Portugal inventory. In connection with the sale, we recorded a pre-tax loss of 7.4 million 6.8 million after tax). In
August 2010, we sold certain non-strategic German spirits brands and related assets. In connection with the sale, we recorded a pre-tax loss of 8.6 million 12.4 million after tax). 
 24 

Operating income Operating income decreased 61 million or 13 from 456.2 million in 2010 to 395.5 million in 2011. Our consolidated operating income was significantly impacted by several unusual items described above,
including business separation costs 83.8 million), asset impairment charges 31.3 million) and contingent consideration for a business acquisition 25 million), partially offset by the one-time benefit of the sale of product under our new
Australia distribution agreement 24 million). The unfavorable increase in unusual costs was also partially offset by favorable foreign currency impacts 15.5 million), lower Fortune Brands corporate costs in 2011 as compared to 2010 25 million)
as a result of the Spin-Off occurring at the start of fourth quarter of 2011 and the absence of a loss on sale of non-strategic brands in 2010 of 16 million. Interest expense Interest expense decreased 26.3 million, or 18 ,
primarily due to lower average borrowings, as well as lower average interest rates. We reduced our outstanding debt by approximately 2.3 billion during 2011. Refer to the section Liquidity and Capital Resources below for additional
information regarding the reduction of debt during 2011. Loss on early extinguishment of debt 
 The loss on early extinguishment of debt of 149.2 million consists of 155.0 million of purchase premiums and 7.2 million of accelerated
unamortized debt issuance costs, partially offset by 13.0 million attributed to the amortization/write-off of deferred gains on terminated interest rate swaps related to the extinguished debt. Refer to the section Liquidity and Capital
Resources below for additional information regarding the reduction of debt during 2011. Other (income) expense 
 Other income increased 7.2 million or 22 from 33.2 million in 2010 to 40.4 million in 2011. In 2011, we recognized income of 26
million upon receipt of tax indemnification payments from Pernod Ricard in connection with Mexican income tax audit settlements and a 10 million distribution related to the winding down of a joint venture investment. In 2010, we recognized income
of 37 million upon receipt of tax indemnification payments from Pernod Ricard in connection with Spanish income tax audit settlements. Other (income) expense also includes non-operating (income) expense, such as interest income, transaction gains
and losses related to foreign currency denominated transactions as well as equity (income) and expense. Income taxes 
 Our effective income tax rate was 21.3 and 10.5 for 2011 and 2010, respectively. The effective income tax rate in 2011 was unfavorably
impacted by non-deductible business separation costs and a tax assessment related to the settlement of a Mexican income tax audit. The effective tax rate in 2011 was favorably impacted by the tax-free treatment of indemnification income received in
connection with a settlement of the Mexican income tax audit and the resolution of a German tax audit. The effective income tax rate in 2010 was favorably impacted by tax benefits of approximately 46 million related to final settlement of U.S. and
Spanish federal income tax audits. The effective tax rate in 2010 was also favorably impacted by the tax-free treatment of indemnification proceeds received in connection with the settlement of a Spanish income tax audit. See Note 9, Income
Taxes , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to our effective tax rate in 2011 and 2010. 
 Income from discontinued operations Income from discontinued operations, net of tax, was 782.2 million in 2011 compared to 186.5 million in 2010, reflecting the discontinued operations of both our former Golf business and former
Home Security business. During 2011, we recorded a gain of 687 million on the sale of the Golf business. 
 25 

Segment Results for 2011 Compared to 2010 
 The following table sets forth net sales and operating income by operating segment for 2011 and 2010 as reported and adjusted to exclude
the impact of foreign exchange translation, a non-GAAP measure described below (in millions): 

Net Sales 

Excluding Foreign 
Exchange Translation 

2011 

2010 

Change Reported 

2011 Adjusted Amount 

Change Adjusted 

North America 

1,271.5 

1,161.8 

9.4 

1,266.3 

9.0 

EMEA 

505.9 

477.8 

5.9 

483.9 

1.3 

APSA 

487.4 

455.3 

7.1 

450.6 

(1.0) 

Segment net sales 

2,264.8 

2,094.9 

8.1 

2,200.8 

5.1 

Foreign exchange 

64.0 

n/m 

Australia distribution one-time sale 

46.3 

46.3 

n/m 

Net sales 

2,311.1 

2,094.9 

10.3 

2,311.1 

10.3 

Operating Income 

Excluding Foreign 
Exchange Translation 

2011 

2010 

Change Reported 

2011 Adjusted Amount 

Change Adjusted 

North America 

360.9 

359.8 

0.3 

363.1 

0.9 

EMEA 

120.3 

98.7 

21.9 

111.1 

12.6 

APSA 

91.0 

93.8 

(3.0) 

82.5 

(12.0) 

Segment operating income 

572.2 

552.3 

3.6 

556.7 

0.8 

Foreign exchange 

(15.5) 

Restructuring charges 

7.7 

15.4 

7.7 

Other charges 

133.0 

28.8 

133.0 

Unallocated corporate costs 

36.0 

51.9 

36.0 

Operating income 

395.5 

456.2 

(13.3) 

395.5 

(13.3) 

Segment net sales and operating income in the following discussion are stated excluding the impact of
foreign exchange translation. We calculate foreign exchange translation effects by translating current year results at prior year exchange rates. These amounts are non-GAAP measures which management believes are useful for evaluating performance
without foreign exchange impacts. These measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies. North America
 North America net sales increased 104.5 million or 9 from 1.2 billion in 2010 to 1.3 billion in 2011. Favorable
product mix and increased volume each contributed roughly equally to year-over-year sales growth. Net sales volume and product mix benefited from new product innovations, such as Pucker Flavored Vodka, Jim Beam Devil s Cut and Red Stag, as well
as the acquisition and growth of the Skinnygirl ready-to-drink cocktail brand in addition to strength in our Power Brands and Rising Stars brands. By geographic market, sales increases in the U.S. and Canada were partially offset by a decrease in
Mexico driven by a transition to a new distributor in the fourth quarter. North America operating income increased by 3
million or 1 from 360 million in 2010 to 363 million in 2011. Operating income increased at a rate below the increase in net sales principally due to double digit increases in advertising and marketing expense, new product start-up and innovation
costs, including Skinnygirl, as well as higher commodity costs without the benefit of price increases. Europe/Middle East/Africa
 EMEA net sales increased 6 million or 1 from 478 million in 2010 to 484 million in 2011. The increase in net sales
includes the adverse impact of the July 2010 divestiture of non-strategic local German brands (approximately 30 million or 7 ). Net sales benefited primarily from volume and favorable product mix, including new product innovations, such as Sourz
Raspberry and Jim Beam Red Stag as well strong growth of our Power Brands in Germany, Russia and travel retail, partially offset by decreases in economically challenged markets, including the U.K. and Spain. 
 26 

EMEA operating income increased 12 million or 13 from 99 million in 2010 to 111 million
in 2011 resulting from favorable product and market mix, including our Power Brands in Germany, Russia, the U.K. and travel retail as well as effective cost management, productivity initiatives and the divestiture of non-strategic German brands and
the Cockburn s port business in 2010 which carried lower average margins. Asia-Pacific/South America 
 APSA net sales decreased 4 million or 1 from 455 million in 2010 to 451 million in 2011 driven by the adverse impact on net sales of
9 related to the ongoing impact of our new distribution agreement in Australia. In 2011, we transitioned from an agency agreement to a manufacturing and distribution agreement in Australia. Under the new agreement, our net sales are lower as
our distributor is now responsible for and incurs distribution and selling costs that were previously incurred by Beam. The adverse impact of the new Australian agreement on reported net sales was mostly offset by volume increases for Power Brands
Jim Beam, Canadian Club, and Teacher s in the APSA segment, primarily in Australia and emerging markets such as India. 
 APSA operating income decreased 11 million or 12 from 94 million in 2010 to 83 million in 2011 as a result of our planned investments
within the segment to support long-term growth, including an investment in sales and distribution infrastructure in India and Brazil as well as double digit increases advertising and marketing to support brand-building in Australia. 
 Consolidated Results for 2010 Compared to 2009 Net sales Net sales increased 115 million or 6 from 2.0 billion in 2009
to 2.1 billion in 2010, driven by growth in each of our operating segments. Growth was predominantly driven by volume growth from our Power Brands, benefiting from innovation, strength in emerging markets and the travel retail channel, and
increased brand investment. Foreign exchange also favorably impacted net sales by approximately 11 million. Divestitures of non-strategic brands in Germany in August 2010 adversely impacted net sales growth by approximately 16 million, or 1 .
 Cost of goods sold Cost of goods sold increased 82.3 million, or 10 , from 783 million in 2009 to 865 million in 2010. Growth in cost of goods sold was primarily due to increased sales volume and increased cost
associated with product mix in 2010 as compared to 2009. Cost increases were moderate, concentrated in the price of energy and grains. 
 Advertising and marketing expense Advertising and marketing expense increased 31.9 million, or 12 , primarily due to planned increases in all segments to support core brand equities, new product innovations, and long-term growth. The
growth in spend was focused on our Power Brands, including Jim Beam, Maker s Mark and Courvoisier, and was concentrated in the U.S. and across several emerging markets in EMEA and APSA. Selling, general and administrative expense Selling, general and
administrative costs increased 31.9 million, or 8 , from 384 million in 2009 to 416 million in 2010. Selling, general and administrative expense was unfavorably impacted in 2010 by costs associated with our new international sales and
distribution structures following the dissolution in 2009 of the Maxxium international joint venture, which accounted for approximately 2 percentage points of growth in selling, general and administrative expenses. Excluding this impact, selling,
general and administrative expense grew approximately 6 driven by higher sales-related costs, foreign currency, and other inflationary pressures on general and administrative costs. Restructuring charges In 2010, restructuring charges of 15.4 million are
related to organizational streamlining initiatives. In 2009, restructuring charges of 28.8 million related to business repositioning, including strategic sales and distribution initiatives in international markets and U.S. supply chain activities.
 Asset impairment charges In connection with our annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing in the fourth quarter of 2009, we recorded impairment charges of 92.5 million to adjust the carrying value of
tradenames, primarily Sauza, to an estimated aggregate fair value of 782.8 million. 
 27 

The fair value declined below book value primarily due to the combined effect of the
economic downturn and excess agave supply on sales in key geographic markets, particularly Mexico and the U.S., and the expectation of more moderate market growth rates for the overall tequila spirits category for the foreseeable future. Refer to
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets below and Note 12, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II,
Item 8 of this report for more information. Loss on sale of brands and related assets 
 In December 2010, we sold the non-strategic Cockburn s port brand and related U.S., U.K. and Portugal inventory. In connection with
the sale, we recorded a pre-tax loss of 7.4 million 6.8 million after tax). In August 2010, we sold certain non-strategic
German spirits brands and related assets. In connection with the sale, we recorded a pre-tax loss of 8.6 million 12.4 million after tax). 
 Operating income 
 Operating income increased 57.1 million or 14.3 from 399 million in 2009 to 456 million in 2010. The increase in operating income was
primarily due to a 115 million increase in net sales, partially offset by higher costs of goods sold and other expenses that were due to the increase in net sales. In addition, as discussed above, our consolidated operating income was impacted by
certain charges that impact the comparability of year-over-year results. The most significant of these charges was a 92.5 million impairment charge in 2009 primarily to decrease the carrying value of the Sauza tradename to estimated fair value. The
Company did not incur any tradename impairments in 2010. Other (income) expense 
 Other (income) expense, net, was income of 33.2 million in 2010 compared to expense of 7.5 million in 2009. The 2010 period included tax
indemnification income of 37 million from Pernod Ricard in connection with Spanish income tax audit settlements. The 2009 period included a distribution of 12.5 million related to our former Maxxium joint venture. 
 Income taxes Our
effective income tax rate was 10.5 and 5.4 for 2010 and 2009, respectively. The effective income tax rate in 2010 was favorably impacted by tax benefits of approximately 46 million related to final settlement of U.S. and Spanish federal income
tax audits. The effective tax rate in 2010 was also favorably impacted by the tax-free treatment of indemnification proceeds received in connection with the settlement of a Spanish income tax audit. The effective income tax rate in 2009 was
favorably impacted by tax benefits from restructuring and other charges relative to the lower taxed income before these charges. The income tax rate in 2009 was unfavorably impacted by a net tax expense of 8.8 million related to the correction
of prior year items, which were determined to be immaterial to the years to which they relate. See Note 9, Income Taxes , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to our effective tax rate in
2010 and 2009. Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 Discontinued operations include the results of our former Golf and Home businesses which were sold and spun-off in 2011. Income from
discontinued operations, net of tax, increased from 12.4 million in 2009 to 186.5 million in 2010, primarily due to increased sales, lower restructuring and other charges (approximately 70 million) and a pre-tax gain on the sale of the Cobra
golf product line (approximately 11 million). 
 28 

Segment Results for 2010 Compared to 2009 
 The following table sets forth net sales and operating income by operating segment for 2010 and 2009 as reported and adjusted to exclude
the impact of foreign exchange translation, a non-GAAP measure (in millions): 

Net Sales 

Excluding Foreign 
Exchange Translation 

2010 

2009 

Change Reported 

2010 Adjusted Amount 

Change Adjusted 

North America 

1,161.8 

1,090.9 

6.5 

1,148.9 

5.3 

EMEA 

477.8 

489.3 

(2.4) 

503.1 

2.8 

APSA 

455.3 

400.1 

13.8 

431.7 

7.9 

Segment net sales 

2,094.9 

1,980.3 

5.8 

2,083.7 

5.2 

Foreign exchange 

11.2 

n/m 

Net sales 

2,094.9 

1,980.3 

5.8 

2,094.9 

5.8 

Operating Income 

Excluding Foreign 
Exchange Translation 

2010 

2009 

Change Reported 

2010 Adjusted Amount 

Change Adjusted 

North America 

359.8 

354.8 

1.4 

352.6 

(0.6) 
 
 EMEA 

98.7 

120.2 

(17.9) 

111.5 

(7.2) 
 
 APSA 

93.8 

98.5 

(4.8) 

91.5 

(7.1) 

Segment operating income 

552.3 

573.5 

(3.7) 

555.6 

(3.1) 

Foreign exchange 

3.3 

Restructuring charges 

15.4 

28.8 

15.4 

Other charges 

28.8 

97.7 

28.8 

Unallocated corporate costs 

51.9 

47.9 

51.9 

Operating income 

456.2 

399.1 

14.3 

456.2 

14.3 

The following discussion presents segment net sales and operating income excluding the impact of foreign
exchange, a non-GAAP presentation. See the discussion in Segment Results for 2011 Compared to 2010 above for additional information related to the use of non-GAAP measures. North America Net sales increased 58 million or 5 from 1.09 billion in
2009 to 1.15 billion in 2010 in North America. Regionally, while each market in the North America segment recorded year-over-year sales increases, the U.S. was the most significant driver of growth, with volume growth concentrated in our bourbon
and cognac categories. Volume gains were partially offset by proactive price repositionings in North America, primarily in U.S. tequila, bourbon and economy vodka. North America operating income decreased 2 million or 1 from 355 million in 2009 to 353 million in 2010. The operating income decrease in North America was driven by a double digit increase in
advertising and marketing expense, focused on supporting core brand equities, new product innovations, such as Red Stag by Jim Beam, and long-term growth. Europe/Middle East/Africa EMEA net sales increased 3 , or 14 million,
from 489 million in 2009 to 503 million in 2010. Despite challenging economic conditions in Western Europe, and the divestiture of our German brands in mid-2010, EMEA delivered growth on the strength of distribution gains in the UK, growth of
Power Brands in Russia, and a rebound of our global travel retail business. Operating income in EMEA declined 9 million or
7 from 120 million in 2009 to 111 million in 2010 due to investment in marketing and advertising at a rate ahead of sales and adverse product mix across our highest growth markets. 
 29 

Asia-Pacific/South America Net sales in APSA grew 32 million or 8 from 400 million in 2009 to 432 million in 2010. Net sales in APSA benefited from growth in emerging markets, including India, Brazil and Southeast Asia, offset
by price declines on core product lines in Australia. This challenging pricing environment, combined with unfavorable market mix and transitional costs in select emerging markets, drove a 7 decrease in operating income from 99 million in 2009 to
 92 million in 2010. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Liquidity and Capitalization Total debt decreased by 2.3 billion during
the year ended December 31, 2011 to 1.9 billion. The ratio of total debt to total capital decreased to 32.0 at December 31, 2011 from 42.7 at December 31, 2010, primarily due to the retirement of debt (as discussed below), partly
offset by the Spin-Off of Home Security and changes in foreign exchange rates. In December 2011, we executed a
 750 million, 5-year committed revolving credit agreement (the Credit Agreement to be used for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2011, there were no amounts outstanding under this Credit Agreement. The Credit
Agreement replaced Beam s 750 million, 3-year credit agreement that was scheduled to mature in February 2013. Amounts may be borrowed under the Credit Agreement in U.S. Dollars, Euros or British Pounds Sterling. Interest on Eurocurrency loans
will accrue at LIBOR (with interest periods of 1, 2, 3 or 6 months) plus spreads based on credit ratings assigned to Beam s outstanding senior unsecured debt. Interest on alternate base rate loans will accrue at the highest of (i) the
administrative agent s prime rate, (ii) the federal funds effective rate plus 1/2 of 1 per annum or (iii) the Adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus 1 per annum. Beam may also
request competitive bids or negotiated rates for interest on loans under the Credit Agreement. Beam may, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, request that the aggregate principal amount of the facility be increased by up to 250
million in the aggregate. The Credit Agreement contains, among other things, conditions precedent, covenants, representations and warranties and events of default customary for facilities of this type. Such covenants include certain limitations on
secured debt, sale-leaseback transactions, subsidiary debt and guarantees, fundamental changes and transactions with affiliates. The Credit Agreement also includes financial covenants under which Beam is required to maintain (i) a minimum ratio
of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense of 3.00 to 1.00 and (ii) a maximum ratio of debt to capitalization of 0.55 to 1.00. Consolidated interest expense is as disclosed in our financial statements. Total capital is defined as
debt plus equity and deferred taxes and excluding the impact of future impairment charges. There were no events of default under the Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2011. None of our other debt instruments include financial ratio covenants.
 We believe that the cash on hand, together with funds from operations and the Credit Agreement provide sufficient liquidity
to fund our current operating and financing needs. We believe the Credit Agreement was arranged with a strong and diversified group of financial institutions. In November 2011, we extinguished a portion of our outstanding 4 Notes due 2013. The total cash paid to holders of the 4 Notes was approximately 298 million 408 million), which included
approximately 281 million 386 million) in debt principal, approximately 9 million 12 million) of accrued interest, and approximately 8 million 10 million) of purchase premiums. Also in November 2011, we repaid
in full our outstanding 3 Notes due 2012. Total cash paid to holders of the 3 Notes was approximately 411 million, which included 400 million in debt principal, approximately 5 million of accrued interest, and approximately 6 million of
purchase premiums. In August 2011, we completed a tender offer in which we repurchased 911.0 million in aggregate principal
amount of various notes and debentures. The total cash paid to holders of the tendered notes and debentures was approximately 1.06 billion, which consisted of 911.0 million in debt principal, 7.9 million in accrued interest, and 139.0 million in
purchase premiums. The tender offer was financed from cash received from the sale of our Golf business which closed on July 29, 2011. In January 2011, we repaid the remaining 590.6 million of outstanding notes that matured on January 15, 2011 using cash on hand. 
 We have an investment grade credit rating from three credit rating agencies. A downgrade of our credit ratings or a renewed global
economic decline or credit crisis may impact our access to long-term capital markets, increase interest rates on some of our corporate debt, and weaken operating cash flow and liquidity, potentially adversely impacting our ability to pay dividends,
fund acquisitions and repurchase shares in the future. As of December 31, 2011, we had total cash and cash equivalents
of 218.3 million, a majority of which was held in foreign currencies at non-U.S. subsidiaries. We manage our global cash requirements considering (i) available funds among the many 

 30 

subsidiaries through which we conduct business, (ii) the geographic location of our liquidity needs, and (iii) the cost to access international cash balances. The permanent repatriation
of non-U.S. cash balances from certain subsidiaries could have adverse tax consequences as we may be required to pay and record income tax expense on those funds to the extent they were previously considered permanently reinvested. We do not believe
that any such transfer of cash would have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. In 2012,
expected pension plan contributions include approximately 30 million for the required settlement of pension liabilities for certain former Fortune executives due to their termination in connection with the Separation Transactions. In the first
quarter of 2012, we used approximately 95 million of available cash to acquire the outstanding common shares of Cooley Distillery plc and repay its outstanding debt. Cash Flows Below is a summary of cash flows for the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 (in millions). Cash flows presented include the results of discontinued operations. The net decrease in cash related to discontinued operations represents the change in specifically identifiable cash of the
discontinued operations and not their total cash activity. 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

454.5 

770.6 

866.3 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

918.2 

(73.0) 

(213.2) 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 

(2,002.5) 

(248.5) 

(432.3) 
 
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash 

(16.6) 

(1.6) 

33.1 

Change in cash included in assets of discontinued operations 

53.2 

(0.8) 

(11.3) 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

(593.2) 

446.7 

242.6 

Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities was 454.5 million in 2011 compared to 770.6 million in 2010. The decrease of 316.1 million was primarily due to a decrease in cash provided by the Golf
business (which was sold in July 2011) and the Home Security business (which was spun-off in October 2011), and higher cash payments related to business separation costs. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 770.6 million in 2010 compared to 866.3 million in 2009. The decrease of 95.7 million
was mostly due to higher accounts receivable due to increased sales and higher inventory levels in the Home Security and Golf businesses to support anticipated growth and new products introductions in 2011, partially offset by higher net
income. Investing Activities Net cash provided by investing activities was 918.2 million in 2011 compared to 73.0 million of net cash used in investing activities in 2010. The increase of 991.2 million was primarily due to higher
net proceeds received in 2011 from the sale of assets, including net proceeds of 1.3 billion from the sale of the Golf business. Partially offsetting this increase was 115.8 million of cash transferred to Home Security in connection
with the Spin-Off and net cash used in 2011 for acquisitions of 45.6 million. Capital expenditures were 218.5 million in 2011, of which 166 million related to continuing operations. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 73.0 million in 2010 compared to 213.2 million in 2009. The decrease of 140.2 million was
primarily due to proceeds from 2010 asset sales including dispositions of the Cobra golf product line, certain German spirits brands and related assets and the Cockburn s port brand. The favorable impact of asset sales was partially offset by
higher capital expenditures of 65.5 million. In addition, net cash used in investing activities in 2009 included the purchase of the Beam international sales and distribution companies in April 2009 (approximately 66 million net of cash acquired),
approximately 42 million to acquire 50 ownership in five other Maxxium joint ventures, and a return of our investment from Maxxium (approximately 58 million). Financing Activities Net cash used in financing activities was
 2,002.5 million in 2011 compared to 248.5 million in 2010. The increase of 1,754.0 million was primarily due to higher repayments of debt of 2.3 billion (discussed above in the Liquidity and Capitalization section). Partially
offsetting the cash used to repay debt was a 500 million dividend received from Home Security in connection with the Spin-Off (reflected in Issuance of debt in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows). Immediately prior to
the effective time of the Spin-Off, we received debt proceeds of 500 million from short-term debt financing that was issued by Home Security and guaranteed by the Company prior to the debt being refinanced with a long-term
Home Security debt issuance after the Spin-Off. Also partially offsetting the increase in cash used in financing activities were higher proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 
 31 

Net cash used in financing activities was 248.5 million in 2010 compared to 432.3 million
in 2009. The decrease of 183.8 million was primarily due to lower debt repayments 122.2 million, net of issuance of debt), lower dividends paid in 2010 36.0 million) and higher proceeds from the exercise of stock options 33.7 million).
 Dividends A
summary of 2011 dividend activity for the Company s common stock is shown below: 

Dividend Amount 
 
 Declaration Date 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 

0.19 per share 
 
 January 25, 2011 
 
 February 9, 2011 
 
 March 1, 2011 
 
 0.19 per share 
 
 April 26, 2011 
 
 May 11, 2011 
 
 June 1, 2011 
 
 0.19 per share 
 
 July 26, 2011 
 
 August 10, 2011 
 
 September 1, 2011 
 
 0.19 per share 
 
 September 28, 2011 
 
 November 9, 2011 
 
 December 1, 2011 

A summary of 2011 dividend activity for the Company s 2.67 Convertible Preferred stock is shown
below: 

Dividend Amount 
 
 Declaration Date 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 0.6675 per share 
 
 January 25, 2011 
 
 February 9, 2011 
 
 March 10, 2011 
 
 0.6675 per share 
 
 April 26, 2011 
 
 May 11, 2011 
 
 June 10, 2011 
 
 0.6675 per share 
 
 July 26, 2011 
 
 August 10, 2011 
 
 September 10, 2011 
 
 0.6675 per share 
 
 September 28, 2011 
 
 November 9, 2011 
 
 December 10, 2011 
 On January 27, 2012, we announced that our board of directors approved an 8 increase in the
dividend on the Company s common stock. Beginning with the payment date of March 1, 2012, the dividend will increase 6 cents per share to an annual rate of 0.82 (payable 20.5 cents per quarter) from 0.76 per share (19 cents per quarter).
We currently expect to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future, but such payments are dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors, including those set forth in the section entitled
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. Customer Credit Risk We routinely grant unsecured credit to customers in the normal course of business. Accounts receivable were 385.8 million as of December 31, 2011 and are recorded at their stated amount less
allowances for discounts and doubtful accounts. Allowances for doubtful accounts include provisions for certain customers where a risk of default has been specifically identified, as well as provisions based on other factors, such as the evaluation
of historical write-offs, aging of balances and other qualitative and quantitative factors, when it is determined that some default is probable and estimable but cannot yet be associated with specific customers. The assessment of the likelihood of
customer defaults is based on various factors, including the length of time the receivables are past due, the historical collection experience and existing economic conditions. In accordance with our policy, our allowance for discounts and doubtful
accounts was 9.8 million and 10.9 million as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Adverse conditions in the global economy and credit markets may reduce our customers ability to access sufficient liquidity and capital to fund
their operations and make our estimation of customer defaults inherently uncertain. While we believe current allowances for doubtful accounts are adequate, it is possible that weakening economic conditions may cause significantly higher levels of
customer defaults and bad debt expense in future periods. Counterparty Risk 
 The counterparties to our derivative contracts are major financial institutions. Although our theoretical risk is the replacement cost at
the then estimated fair value of these instruments, we believe that the risk of incurring losses is unlikely and that the losses, if any, would be immaterial to our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. The fair value of our
derivative assets at December 31, 2011 was 3.7 million. The estimated fair value of our derivative contracts represents the amount required to enter into offsetting contracts with similar remaining maturities based on quoted market prices.
 Pension Plans 
 We sponsor defined benefit pension plans that are funded by a portfolio of investments maintained within benefit plan trusts. We met
all of our U.S. minimum funding requirements for 2011. In 2012, we will be required to contribute approximately 30 million for the distribution of pension benefits to certain Fortune Brands executives due to their terminations at the end of
2011 in connection with the Separation Transactions. The Company is not required to make any contributions in 2012 to comply with U.S. minimum funding requirements. For the foreseeable future, we believe that we have sufficient liquidity to
meet the minimum funding that may be required by law, including under the Pension Protection Act of 2006. As of December 31, 2011, the fair value of our total pension plan assets was 319.5 million, representing 71 of the accumulated
benefit obligation liability. 
 32 

Guarantees and Commitments Three of our 50 -owned foreign joint ventures have euro-denominated credit facilities, which we have partially guaranteed. Our maximum guarantee exposure, assuming the credit facilities are fully
utilized, is a total U.S. dollar equivalent of 22.2 million, of which our guarantee exposure was 16.2 million based on facilities utilized at December 31, 2011. The Company has not recorded a liability for these guarantees. 
 We also guarantee a lease for ACCO World Corporation, the office products business we divested in a spin-off in 2005. The liability
related to this guarantee is not material. We will continue to guarantee payment of certain real estate leases, with lease payments totaling approximately 9.9 million, through April 2013. Contractual Obligations and Other Commercial Commitments The following
table and discussion represent our obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts, such as debt and lease agreements, and under contingent commitments, such as debt guarantees, as of December 31, 2011 (in millions).

Payments Due by Period as of December 31, 2011 

Contractual Obligations (a) 
 
 Total 

Less than 1 
year 

1-3 years 

4-5 years 

After 5 
years 

Short-term borrowings 

28.4 

28.4 

Long-term debt (b 

1,863.7 

790.6 

400.0 

673.1 

Operating leases 

65.0 

13.3 

21.6 

16.7 

13.4 

Interest payments on long-term debt 

1,009.4 

107.4 

184.3 

122.2 

595.5 

Purchase obligations c 

209.2 

127.1 

55.2 

26.6 

0.3 

Pension and postretirement contributions d 

35.6 

35.6 

Total 

3,211.3 

311.8 

1,051.7 

565.5 

1,282.3 

(a) 
 Total contractual obligations do not include income taxes payable or long-term income taxes payable for uncertain tax positions. We are unable to reasonably estimate
the timing of future payments related to uncertain tax positions. Refer to Note 9, Income Taxes , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information on uncertain tax positions.

(b) 
 Future payments for long-term debt exclude deferred gains related to interest rate swaps that are recorded in long-term debt. 

(c) 
 Purchase obligations include: contracts for raw material and finished goods purchases; advertising, selling and administrative services; and capital expenditures.

(d) 
 Minimum required pension and postretirement contributions cannot be determined beyond 2012. Recently Issued Accounting Standards The information required by this Item
is provided in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K and is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 33 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this
Form 10-K. The Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in conformity with GAAP. Preparation of the financial statements requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities in the
financial statements and revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We believe the policies discussed below are the Company s critical accounting policies as they include the more significant, subjective and complex judgments and
estimates made when preparing our consolidated financial statements. Customer Program Costs 
 Customer programs and incentives are a common practice in our business. We incur customer program costs to promote sales of products and
to maintain competitive pricing. Customer program costs and incentives, including rebates and promotion and volume allowances, are generally accounted for in either sales or advertising and marketing expense at the later of
the time the program is initiated or the revenue is recognized. The costs recognized in sales include, but are
not limited to, volume allowances and rebates, and promotional allowances. The costs typically recognized in advertising and marketing expense include point of sale materials and media costs. These costs are recorded at the later of the
time of sale or the implementation of the program based on management s best estimates. Estimates are based on historical and projected experience for each type of program or customer. Volume allowances are accrued based on management s
estimates of customer volume achievement and other factors incorporated into customer agreements, such as new product purchases and store sell-through support. Management periodically reviews accruals for these rebates and allowances, and adjusts
accruals when circumstances indicate (typically as a result of a change in volume expectations). Income Taxes 
 In accordance with authoritative guidance on income taxes, we establish deferred tax liabilities or assets for temporary differences
between financial and tax reporting bases and subsequently adjust them to reflect changes in tax rates expected to be in effect when the temporary differences reverse. We record a valuation allowance reducing deferred tax assets when it is more
likely than not that such assets will not be realized. We do not provide deferred income taxes on undistributed earnings of
foreign subsidiaries that we expect to permanently reinvest. Inventories 
 We record inventory on the first-in, first-out FIFO method. In accordance with generally recognized trade practice, maturing
spirits inventories are classified as current assets, although the majority of these inventories ordinarily will not be sold within one year, due to the duration of aging processes. Inventory provisions are recorded to reduce inventory to the
lower of cost or market value for obsolete or slow moving inventory based on assumptions about future demand and marketability of products, the impact of new product introductions, inventory turns, product spoilage and specific identification of
items, such as product discontinuance, engineering/material changes, or regulatory-related changes. Long-lived Assets 
 We test a long-lived asset (including amortizable identifiable intangible assets) or asset group for recoverability whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. When such events occur, we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group to the
carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of future cash flows derived from the most recent business projections. If this comparison indicates that there is an impairment, the amount of the
impairment is calculated based on fair value. Fair value is estimated primarily using discounted expected future cash flows on a market-participant basis. Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets In accordance with
authoritative guidance on goodwill and other intangible assets, goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter, and written down when impaired. An interim impairment test is performed if an event
occurs or conditions change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below the carrying value. 
 34 

As a result of the Separation Transactions and the corresponding change in our operating
segments, we re-evaluated our reporting units, allocated goodwill to the new reporting units, and completed an interim goodwill impairment test. As a result of that interim impairment test, the Company concluded that no impairment of goodwill
existed. During 2011, we adopted new authoritative accounting guidance that allows us to first assess qualitative factors to
determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. We are no longer required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless we determine, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more likely
than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. If we determine, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we evaluate the
recoverability of goodwill by estimating the future cash flows of the reporting units to which the goodwill relates, and then discount the future cash flows at a market-participant-derived weighted-average cost of capital. In determining the
estimated future cash flows, we consider current and projected future levels of income based on management s plans for that business; business trends, prospects and market and economic conditions; and market-participant considerations. Our
reporting units are our operating segments. When the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we measure and recognize the amount of the goodwill impairment loss, if any. Impairment losses, limited to the carrying
value of goodwill, represent the excess of the carrying value of a reporting unit s goodwill over the implied fair value of that goodwill. The implied fair value of a reporting unit s goodwill is estimated based on a hypothetical
allocation of each reporting unit s fair value to all of its underlying assets and liabilities in accordance with the authoritative guidance on goodwill and other intangible assets. Our cash flow projections are significantly influenced by
longer-term market growth rates in particular spirits categories and geographies and expected profit margins. As a result of our qualitative assessment completed as of December 31, 2011 the Company concluded that no impairment of goodwill
exists. Based on our estimates of fair value for each of our reporting units, we believe there are no reporting units for which a decline in fair value of 10 could trigger an impairment of goodwill. 
 We amortize purchased intangible assets other than goodwill over their useful lives unless those lives are determined to be indefinite.
The determination of the useful life of an intangible asset other than goodwill is based on factors including historical tradename performance with respect to consumer name recognition, geographic market presence, market share, and plans for ongoing
tradename support and promotion. Certain of our tradenames have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently anticipate that these tradenames will contribute cash flows to the Company indefinitely. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not
amortized, but are evaluated at least annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. We review indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually in the fourth quarter, and whenever market or business events
indicate there may be a potential impairment of that intangible. Impairment losses are recorded to the extent that the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value. We measure fair value using the standard
relief-from-royalty approach which estimates the present value of royalty income that could be hypothetically earned by licensing the brand name to a third party over the remaining useful life. The Company recorded an impairment of indefinite-lived
tradenames of 31.3 million and 92.5 million in 2011 and 2009, respectively (refer to Note 12, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report for more
information). As of December 31, 2011 (after the impairment charge), the two tradenames impaired in 2011 had an aggregate book value of 157.4 million. As of December 31, 2011, except for the two tradenames impaired in 2011, a 10 
reduction in the fair value of the Company s indefinite-lived tradenames would not trigger an impairment charge. The significant estimates and assumptions that influence the fair value of a tradename include the expected branded product sales
included in our operating plans, longer-term market growth rates in particular spirits categories and geographies, expected profit margins on products sold using the brands, terminal value, revenue growth rates, and the weighted average cost of
capital. The Company cannot predict the occurrence of certain events or changes in circumstances that might adversely affect
the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. Such events may include, but are not limited to, the impact of the economic environment; a material negative change in relationships with significant customers; or strategic
decisions made in response to economic and competitive conditions. In addition, certain assumptions and estimates used in determining the fair value of our goodwill and indefinite-lived tradenames are outside the control of management, including
interest rates (in the U.S. and abroad), exchange rates, the cost of capital, and tax rates. Due to the uncertainty of the aforementioned items, the Company cannot predict whether a future impairment will result. 
 Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans We provide a range of benefits to our employees and retired employees, including pension, postretirement, post-employment and health care benefits. We record amounts relating to these plans based on
calculations specified by GAAP, which include various actuarial assumptions, including discount rates, assumed rates of return, compensation increases, turnover rates and health care cost trend rates. We review our actuarial assumptions on an annual
basis and make modifications to the assumptions based on current economic conditions and trends. We use a market-related value method of plan assets to calculate pension costs, recognizing each year s asset gains or losses over a five-year
period. The expected return on plan assets is determined based on the nature of the plans investments and our expectations for long-term rates of return. Compensation increases reflect expected future compensation trends. The discount rate
used to measure obligations is based on a spot-rate yield curve that matches projected future benefit payments with the appropriate interest rate applicable to the timing of the projected future benefit payments. The bond portfolio used for the
selection of the discount rate is generally comprised of high quality bonds specific to the country of the plan. 
 35 

The effects of actual results differing from our assumptions and the effects of changing
assumptions are included in unamortized net gains and losses. Unamortized gains and losses, if outside a specified corridor, are amortized over future periods and, therefore, generally affect our recognized expense in future
periods. Amounts are recognized as a component of net expense over the expected future years of service (approximately 25 years and 13 years for the U.S. plans and non-U.S. plans, respectively). The amortization period for actuarial losses is
much longer for the U.S. plans as compared to the non-U.S. plans because for the U.S. plans we amortize losses over the estimated life of the participant rather than the service period due to the freezing of benefits related to our U.S. plans. We
believe that the assumptions utilized in recording our obligations under our plans are reasonable based on our experience; however, differences in actual experience or changes in the assumptions may materially affect our financial position or
results of operations. The unfunded status of our U.S. pension plans increased by approximately 50 million in 2011 primarily
due to a significant decrease in the assumed discount rate and plan asset returns that were essentially flat in 2011. See Note 17, Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II,
Item 8 of this report for more information related to plan assets, obligations, and assumptions. A hypothetical 25 basis
point increase/decrease to the assumed weighted-average discount rate used in the actuarial valuation of our pension plan obligation at December 31, 2011 would decrease/increase estimated pre-tax annual 2012 expense by approximately 0.4
million. A hypothetical 25 basis point increase/decrease to the assumed weighted-average long-term rate of return on plan assets used in the actuarial valuation of our pension plan obligation at December 31, 2011 would decrease/increase
estimated pre-tax annual 2012 expense by approximately 0.9 million. Refer to Note 17, Pension and Other Postretirement
Benefits , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report for more information on our pension plans and the impact of a 1 increase/decrease in the health care cost trend rate on expense related to
our other postretirement benefit plan obligation and expense. Litigation Contingencies 
 We are subject to risks related to threatened or pending litigation and are routinely defendants in lawsuits associated with the normal
conduct of business. Liabilities and costs associated with litigation related loss contingencies require estimates and judgments based on our knowledge of the facts and circumstances surrounding each matter and the advice of our legal
counsel. We record liabilities for litigation related losses when a loss is probable and we can reasonably estimate the amount of the loss. We evaluate the measurement of recorded liabilities each reporting period based on the current facts and
circumstances specific to each matter. The ultimate losses incurred upon final resolution of litigation related loss contingencies may differ materially from the estimated liability recorded at a particular balance sheet date. Changes in
estimates are recorded in earnings in the period in which such changes occur. See Note 18, Commitments and
Contingencies , to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 to this Form 10-K. Environmental Matters
 As required by federal and state laws, we are involved in remediation activities to address hazardous waste contamination.
Uncertainties about the status of laws, regulations, remediation technologies and information related to individual sites make it difficult to develop accurate financial estimates of environmental remediation exposures. We accrue for expenses
associated with environmental remediation obligations when such amounts are probable and can be reasonably estimated. We adjust accruals as new information develops or circumstances change, and accruals are not discounted. At December 31, 2011
and 2010, we had accruals of 8.6 million and 10.9 million, respectively, to cover environmental compliance and remediation activities. We believe that the cost of complying with the present environmental protection laws will not have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 36 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Market Risk We are exposed to various market risks, including changes in
interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. We do not
enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We enter into financial instruments to manage and reduce the impact of changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. The
counterparties are major financial institutions. Interest Rate Risk 
 We may, from time to time, enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to interest rate changes. Swap agreements
involve the exchange of fixed and variable interest rate payments without exchanging the notional principal amount. The notional amount of swaps outstanding at December 31, 2010 was 900 million. These swap agreements hedged changes in the fair
value of a portion of our existing fixed rate debt that result from changes in a benchmark interest rate (U.S. LIBOR). The swap agreements were designated and classified as fair value hedges in accordance with the authoritative guidance on
derivatives and hedging. During the third quarter of 2011, we terminated all of our interest rate swaps with a notional amount of 900 million in conjunction with planned debt retirements (see Note 15, Debt , of the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report). The fair market value of long-term fixed interest rate debt is
impacted by interest rate risk and credit risk. Generally, the fair market value of fixed interest rate debt will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. The estimated fair value of our 1,902.1 million and
 4,211.2 million total long-term debt (including current portion) at December 31, 2011 and 2010 was approximately 2,015.4 million and 4,258.8 million, respectively. The fair value is determined from quoted market prices, where
available, and from investment bankers with respect to interest rates considering credit ratings and the remaining terms to maturity. A hypothetical 10 increase from prevailing interest rates as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 would have
resulted in a decrease in fair value of fixed interest rate debt by 73.9 million and 76.0 million, respectively. 
 Based on variable rate debt outstanding (including the impact of swaps) at December 31, 2011 and 2010, a hypothetical 100 basis
point change in interest rates affecting the Company s variable rate borrowings (including related hedge instruments) would impact pre-tax interest expense by 0.3 million and 9.8 million, respectively. The Company s interest rate
exposure was greater in 2010 due to the interest rate swaps that were terminated in 2011. Foreign Exchange Rate Risk 
 We enter into forward foreign exchange contracts principally to hedge currency fluctuations in transactions denominated in foreign
currencies, thereby limiting our risk that would otherwise result from changes in exchange rates. The periods of the forward foreign exchange contracts correspond to the periods of the hedged transactions. We periodically enter into forward foreign
exchange contracts to hedge a portion of our net investments in foreign subsidiaries. The estimated fair value of foreign currency contracts represents the amount required to enter into offsetting contracts with similar remaining maturities based on
quoted market prices. The estimated potential loss under foreign exchange contracts from movement in foreign exchange rates
would not have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. As part of our risk management procedure, we use a value-at-risk VAR sensitivity analysis model to estimate the maximum potential
economic loss from adverse changes in foreign exchange rates over a one-day period given a 95 confidence level. The VAR model uses historical foreign exchange rates to estimate the volatility and correlation of these rates in future periods. The
estimated maximum one-day loss from the Company s foreign currency exchange contracts using the VAR model was 6.0 million and 5.1 million at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The 95 confidence interval signifies our degree of
confidence that actual losses under foreign exchange contracts would not exceed the estimated losses. The amounts disregard the possibility that foreign currency exchange rates could move in our favor. The VAR model assumes that all movements in the
foreign exchange rates will be adverse. These amounts should not be considered projections of future losses, since actual results may differ significantly depending upon activity in the global financial markets. The VAR model is a risk analysis tool
and should not be construed as an endorsement of the VAR model or the accuracy of the related assumptions. Commodity Price
Risk We are subject to commodity price volatility caused by weather, supply conditions, geopolitical and economic
variables, and other unpredictable external factors. From time to time, we use derivative contracts to manage our exposure to commodity price volatility. 
 37 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME 

(In millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 For years ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Sales 

2,871.7 

2,665.9 

2,469.6 

Less: Excise taxes 

(560.6) 

(571.0) 

(489.3) 

Net sales 

2,311.1 

2,094.9 

1,980.3 

Cost of goods sold 

987.8 

865.0 

782.7 

Gross profit 

1,323.3 

1,229.9 

1,197.6 

Advertising and marketing expense 

358.7 

307.6 

275.7 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

430.0 

416.1 

384.2 

Amortization of intangible assets 

16.3 

16.3 

17.3 

Business separation costs 

83.8 

2.3 

Restructuring charges 

7.7 

15.4 

28.8 

Asset impairment charges 

31.3 

92.5 

Loss on the sale of brands and related assets 

16.0 

Operating income 

395.5 

456.2 

399.1 

Interest expense 

117.4 

143.7 

143.6 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

149.2 

Other (income) expense 

(40.4) 

(33.2) 

7.5 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

169.3 

345.7 

248.0 

Income taxes 

36.0 

36.2 

13.3 

Income from continuing operations Beam Inc. 

133.3 

309.5 

234.7 

Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

782.2 

186.5 

12.4 

Net income 

915.5 

496.0 

247.1 

Less: Noncontrolling interests related to discontinued operations 

4.1 

8.4 

4.3 

Net income attributable to Beam Inc. 

911.4 

487.6 

242.8 

Basic earnings per Beam Inc. common share 

Continuing operations 

0.86 

2.03 

1.56 

Discontinued operations 

5.03 

1.17 

0.05 

Net income 

5.89 

3.20 

1.61 

Diluted earnings per Beam Inc. common share 

Continuing operations 

0.85 

2.01 

1.55 

Discontinued operations 

4.93 

1.15 

0.05 

Net income 

5.78 

3.16 

1.60 

Cash dividends per share paid on common stock 

0.76 

0.76 

1.01 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic 

154.6 

152.4 

150.3 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding diluted 

157.8 

154.3 

151.8 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 38 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 

(In millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

218.3 

811.5 

Accounts receivable from customers 

364.8 

400.9 

Accounts receivable from related parties 

21.0 

30.2 

Inventories 

1,551.5 

1,523.1 

Other current assets 

278.8 

286.3 

Current assets discontinued operations 

1,291.0 

Total current assets 

2,434.4 

4,343.0 

Property, plant and equipment 

729.7 

668.2 

Goodwill 

2,103.9 

2,137.5 

Other intangible assets 

2,099.0 

2,226.8 

Investments in affiliates 

42.2 

51.9 

Other non-current assets 

82.6 

125.8 

Non-current assets discontinued operations 

3,120.8 

Total assets 

7,491.8 

12,674.0 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Notes payable and current portion of long-term debt 

28.4 

611.4 

Accounts payable to vendors 

134.1 

149.7 

Accounts payable to related parties 

36.0 

39.6 

Other current liabilities 

560.2 

521.0 

Current liabilities discontinued operations 

785.2 

Total current liabilities 

758.7 

2,106.9 

Long-term debt 

1,902.1 

3,620.6 

Deferred income taxes 

375.1 

393.1 

Accrued pension and postretirement benefits 

118.7 

93.1 

Other non-current liabilities 

237.5 

168.7 

Non-current liabilities discontinued operations 

603.6 

Total liabilities 

3,392.1 

6,986.0 

Equity 

Beam Inc. stockholders equity 

2.67 Convertible Preferred stock 

4.7 

4.9 

Common stock, par value 3.125 per share, 750.0 shares authorized, 234.9 shares issued, and 155.9 shares outstanding at
December 31, 2011 

734.0 

734.0 

Paid-in capital 

882.4 

820.2 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(304.1) 

(172.0) 
 
 Retained earnings 

5,892.6 

7,499.3 

Treasury stock, at cost 

(3,109.9) 

(3,215.3) 

Total Beam Inc. stockholders equity 

4,099.7 

5,671.1 

Noncontrolling interest discontinued operations 

16.9 

Total equity 

4,099.7 

5,688.0 

Total liabilities and equity 

7,491.8 

12,674.0 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 39 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

(In millions) 
 
 For years ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Operating activities 

Net income 

915.5 

496.0 

247.1 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

171.8 

210.2 

218.3 

Amortization 

27.6 

34.9 

36.4 

Stock-based compensation 

52.1 

56.0 

40.9 

Deferred income taxes 

(50.6) 

54.7 

(57.6) 
 
 Tax benefit from income tax audit settlements 

(42.3) 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

149.2 

(Gain) loss on the sale of assets 

(686.6) 

4.7 

Gain on distribution from Maxxium 

(10.2) 

(12.5) 
 
 Asset impairment charges 

31.3 

92.5 

Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and dispositions: 

Accounts receivable 

(79.1) 

(18.0) 

134.5 

Inventories 

(64.8) 

(119.0) 

70.0 

Accounts payable 

(14.1) 

44.7 

54.3 

Other assets 

14.5 

108.1 

70.1 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

(2.1) 

(59.4) 

(27.7) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

454.5 

770.6 

866.3 

Investing activities 

Capital expenditures 

(218.5) 

(223.0) 

(157.5) 
 
 Proceeds from the disposition of assets 

1,275.6 

142.4 

15.9 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

(45.6) 

(121.9) 
 
 Return of investment in affiliates 

22.5 

58.4 

Repayment of loans by affiliates, net 

7.6 

(8.1) 
 
 Cash transfer to Fortune Brands Home Security Inc. in spin-off 

(115.8) 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

918.2 

(73.0) 

(213.2) 

Financing activities 

(Decrease) increase in short-term notes payable, net 

(34.4) 

1.3 

11.1 

Issuance of debt 

500.0 

895.8 

Repayment of long-term debt 

(2,440.9) 

(166.5) 

(1,194.3) 
 
 Dividends to stockholders 

(117.8) 

(116.2) 

(152.2) 
 
 Proceeds received from exercise of stock options 

102.3 

40.6 

6.9 

Tax benefit on exercise of stock options 

4.2 

4.0 

0.4 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests 

(0.8) 

(4.8) 

Other financing activities, net 

(15.1) 

(6.9) 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(2,002.5) 

(248.5) 

(432.3) 
 
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash 

(16.6) 

(1.6) 

33.1 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

(646.4) 

447.5 

253.9 

Change in cash included in assets of discontinued operations 

53.2 

(0.8) 

(11.3) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

811.5 

364.8 

122.2 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

218.3 

811.5 

364.8 

Cash paid during the year for (including discontinued operations): 

Interest 

210.8 

208.7 

222.2 

Income taxes 

125.0 

119.5 

77.0 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 40 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY 

(In millions except per share amounts) 
 
 2.67 Convertible Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid-In Capital 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Retained Earnings 

Treasury Stock, At Cost 

Non- controlling Interests 

Total Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2008 

5.5 

734.0 

716.4 

(478.4) 

7,046.2 

(3,337.7) 

13.6 

4,699.6 

Comprehensive income 

Net income 

242.8 

4.3 

247.1 

Foreign currency translation adjustments, net 

288.1 

288.1 

Derivative instruments, net 

(39.2) 

(39.2) 
 
 Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments, net 

17.7 

17.7 

Total comprehensive income (a) 

266.6 

242.8 

4.3 

513.7 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests 

(4.6) 

(4.6) 
 
 Dividends 1.01 per Common share and 2.67 per Preferred share) 

(152.2) 

(152.2) 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

40.2 

(1.4) 

9.7 

48.5 

Tax benefit on exercise of stock options 

0.7 

0.7 

Conversion of preferred stock 

(0.3) 

(1.7) 

2.0 

Balance at December 31, 2009 

5.2 

734.0 

755.6 

(211.8) 

7,135.4 

(3,326.0) 

13.3 

5,105.7 

Comprehensive income 

Net income 

487.6 

8.4 

496.0 

Foreign currency translation adjustments, net 

26.0 

26.0 

Derivative instruments, net 

2.8 

2.8 

Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments, net 

11.0 

11.0 

Total comprehensive income (a 

39.8 

487.6 

8.4 

535.8 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests 

(4.8) 

(4.8) 
 
 Dividends 0.76 per Common share and 2.67 per Preferred share) 

(116.2) 

(116.2) 
 
 Shares issued from treasury stock for benefit plans 

5.7 

61.4 

67.1 

Stock-based compensation 

55.2 

(7.5) 

46.6 

94.3 

Tax benefit on exercise of stock options 

6.1 

6.1 

Conversion of preferred stock 

(0.3) 

(2.4) 

2.7 

Balance at December 31, 2010 

4.9 

734.0 

820.2 

(172.0) 

7,499.3 

(3,215.3) 

16.9 

5,688.0 

Comprehensive income 

Net income 

911.4 

4.1 

915.5 

Foreign currency translation adjustments, net 

(225.5) 

(225.5) 
 
 Derivative instruments, net 

6.7 

6.7 

Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments, net 

(21.1) 

(21.1) 

Total comprehensive (loss) income (a) 

(239.9) 

911.4 

4.1 

675.6 

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests 

(0.8) 

(0.8) 
 
 Dividends 0.76 per Common share and 2.67 per Preferred share) 

(117.8) 

(117.8) 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

54.8 

(3.4) 

103.4 

154.8 

Tax benefit on exercise of stock options 

9.2 

9.2 

Conversion of preferred stock 

(0.2) 

(1.8) 

2.0 

Sale of Acushnet Company 

(16.6) 

(16.6) 
 
 Spin-off of Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. 

107.8 

(2,396.9) 

(3.6) 

(2,292.7) 

Balance at December 31, 2011 

4.7 

734.0 

882.4 

(304.1) 

5,892.6 

(3,109.9) 

4,099.7 

(a) 
 Total comprehensive income attributable to Beam Inc. was 671.5 million, 527.4 million, and 509.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009,
respectively. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 41 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 Description of Business, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Description of Business 
 Beam Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company operate in the beverage alcohol industry. References to
 we, our, us, Beam and the Company refer to Beam Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries as a whole, unless the context otherwise requires. The Company s reportable segments are North
America, Europe/Middle East/Africa EMEA ), and Asia-Pacific/South America APSA ), as further discussed in Note 22, Segment Information . 
 The Company is a leading premium spirits company that makes and sells branded distilled spirits products in major markets
worldwide. Our principal products include bourbon whiskey, Scotch whisky, Canadian whisky, tequila, cognac, rum, cordials, and ready-to-drink pre-mixed cocktails. 
 Following the completion of the Spin-Off (as discussed in Note 3, Discontinued Operations) , effective as of 12:01
a.m. New York City time on October 4, 2011, Fortune Brands, Inc. changed its name to Beam Inc. The name change was effected pursuant to Section 253 of the Delaware General Corporation Law by merging Beam Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Fortune Brands, Inc., with and into Fortune Brands, Inc., with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation in the merger. The outstanding shares of Company Common Stock continued to trade on the New York Stock Exchange, under the new symbol
 BEAM. Basis of Presentation Basis of Consolidation The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of Beam Inc. (after elimination of intercompany transactions) and its majority-owned subsidiaries. Use of Estimates The presentation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. Actual results in future periods could differ
from those estimates. Reclassifications 
 Reclassifications have been made to the prior year financial information to conform to the current year presentation, for
the presentation of revenue net of excise tax (as discussed below in Changes in Basis of Presentation and Accounting ), the presentation of advertising and marketing expenses separate from selling, general, and administrative expenses SG A ), and the presentation of the Home Security and Golf businesses as discontinued operations (as discussed below in Changes in Basis of Presentation and Accounting ). 
 Changes in Basis of Presentation and Accounting 
 The results of operations of the Home Security and Golf businesses were reclassified to discontinued operations
in the accompanying statement of income for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009. The assets and liabilities of the Home Security and Golf businesses were reclassified to discontinued operations in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2010. The cash flows from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009 are not separately stated and classified in the accompanying consolidated statement of
cash flows. Footnote disclosures only relate to continuing operations except where noted otherwise. Information on business segments does not include discontinued operations. In accordance with authoritative accounting guidance, the Company has not
allocated any corporate overhead to the discontinued operations; however, it has allocated interest expense. 
 In accordance with GAAP, taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities may be presented either
on a gross basis (included in sales and costs) or a net basis (excluded from sales). In 2011, we changed our presentation of excise taxes from the gross method to the net method. We refer to the presentation of excise tax on a net basis as
 net sales in our financial statements. The change in presentation to the net method is preferable for consistency in comparison to internal Beam financial statements reviewed by management to evaluate the business and also to the
external financial statements of other standalone spirits companies. Historical periods have been reclassified to conform to the new presentation. 
 42 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Revenue Recognition Revenue is recorded when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue is recorded net of
applicable provisions for discounts and allowances (referred to in our financial statements as sales ). We record estimates for reductions to revenue for customer programs and incentives, including price discounts, volume-based
incentives, and promotions and advertising allowances. Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold includes all costs to make products saleable, such as inbound and outbound freight, purchasing and
receiving costs, inspection costs, and internal transfer costs. In addition, all depreciation expense associated with assets used to produce goods and make them saleable is included in cost of goods sold. 
 Customer Program Costs Customer programs and incentives are a common practice in our business. We incur customer program costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Customer program costs and
incentives, including rebates and promotion and volume allowances, are generally accounted for in either sales or advertising and marketing expense at the later of the time the program is initiated or the revenue is
recognized. The costs recognized in sales include, but are not limited to, volume allowances and
rebates, and promotional allowances. The costs typically recognized in advertising and marketing expense include point of sale materials and media costs. These costs are recorded at the later of the time of sale or the implementation of
the program based on management s best estimates. Estimates are based on historical and projected experience for each type of program or customer. Volume allowances are accrued based on management s estimates of customer volume achievement
and other factors incorporated into customer agreements, such as new product purchases and store sell-through support. Management periodically reviews accruals for these rebates and allowances, and adjusts accruals when circumstances indicate
(typically as a result of a change in volume expectations). Advertising Costs 
 Advertising costs include media costs, point of sale materials, and product endorsements, and are generally expensed as
incurred. Advertising costs are recorded in Advertising and marketing expense and were 302.3 million, 251.7 million and 226.7 million in 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense includes selling, including commissions; research and development; and general
and administrative expenses. Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses include product development, product improvement, product engineering and process
improvement costs. Total research and development costs charged to expense were 2.5 million, 1.6 million, and 1.3 million in 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. Stock-based Compensation We recognize stock-based
compensation expense, measured as the fair value of an award on the date of grant, in the financial statements over the period that an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award. See Note 5, Stock-Based Compensation ,
for additional information. 
 43 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less are included in cash and cash equivalents.
 Allowances for Doubtful Accounts 
 Trade receivables are recorded at the stated amount, less allowances for discounts and doubtful accounts. We record an
allowance for doubtful accounts based on a variety of factors such as historical write-offs, aging of balances and/or specifically identified risks for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. Our
allowance for discounts and doubtful accounts for continuing operations was 9.8 million and 10.9 million as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Inventories We record inventory on the first-in,
first-out FIFO method. In accordance with generally recognized trade practice, maturing spirits inventories are classified as current assets, although the majority of these inventories ordinarily will not be sold within one year,
due to the duration of aging processes. Inventory provisions are recorded to reduce inventory to the lower of cost or market value for obsolete or slow moving inventory based on assumptions about future demand and marketability of products, the
impact of new product introductions, inventory turns, product spoilage and specific identification of items, such as product discontinuance, or regulatory-related changes. Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and
equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is generally calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Gains or losses resulting from dispositions are included in operating
income. Betterments and renewals, which improve and extend the life of an asset, are capitalized; maintenance and repair costs are expensed as incurred. Assets held for use to be disposed of at a future date are depreciated over the remaining useful
life. Assets to be sold are written down to fair value at the time the assets are being actively marketed for sale. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the carrying value of assets held for sale was not material. Estimated useful lives of the
related assets are as follows: 

Buildings and leasehold improvements 

15 to 40 years 

Machinery and equipment 

5 to 10 years 

Software 

3 to 7 years 
 
 Long-lived Assets 
 We test a long-lived asset (including amortizable identifiable intangible assets) or asset group for recoverability
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. When such events occur, we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset or
asset group to the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of future cash flows derived from the most recent business projections. If this comparison indicates that there is an
impairment, the amount of the impairment is calculated based on fair value. Fair value is estimated primarily using discounted expected future cash flows on a market-participant basis. 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 
 In accordance with authoritative guidance on goodwill and other intangible assets, goodwill is not amortized but is tested
for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter, and written down when impaired. An interim impairment test is performed if an event occurs or conditions change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below
the carrying value. As a result of the Separation Transactions and the corresponding change in our
operating segments, we re-evaluated our reporting units, allocated goodwill to the new reporting units, and completed an interim goodwill impairment test. As a result of that interim impairment test, the Company concluded that no impairment of
goodwill existed. During 2011, we adopted new authoritative accounting guidance that allows us to first assess
qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. We are no longer required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless we determine, based on a qualitative assessment,
that it is more likely than not 
 44 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. If we determine, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its
carrying amount, we evaluate the recoverability of goodwill by estimating the future cash flows of the reporting units to which the goodwill relates, and then discount the future cash flows at a market-participant-derived weighted-average cost of
capital. In determining the estimated future cash flows, we consider current and projected future levels of income based on management s plans for that business; business trends, prospects and market and economic conditions; and
market-participant considerations. Our reporting units are our operating segments. When the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we measure and recognize the amount of the goodwill impairment loss, if any.
Impairment losses, limited to the carrying value of goodwill, represent the excess of the carrying value of a reporting unit s goodwill over the implied fair value of that goodwill. The implied fair value of a reporting unit s goodwill is
estimated based on a hypothetical allocation of each reporting unit s fair value to all of its underlying assets and liabilities in accordance with the authoritative guidance on goodwill and other intangible assets. Our cash flow projections
are significantly influenced by longer-term market growth rates in particular spirits categories and geographies and expected profit margins. As a result of our qualitative assessment completed as of December 31, 2011 the Company concluded that
no impairment of goodwill exists. We amortize purchased intangible assets other than goodwill over their
useful lives unless those lives are determined to be indefinite. The determination of the useful life of an intangible asset other than goodwill is based on factors including historical and tradename performance with respect to consumer name
recognition, geographic market presence, market share, and plans for ongoing tradename support and promotion. Certain of our tradenames have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently anticipate that these tradenames will contribute cash flows
to the Company indefinitely. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated at least annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life is appropriate. We review indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment
annually in the fourth quarter, and whenever market or business events indicate there may be a potential impairment of that intangible. Impairment losses are recorded to the extent that the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset
exceeds its fair value. We measure fair value using the standard relief-from-royalty approach which estimates the present value of royalty income that could be hypothetically earned by licensing the brand name to a third party over the remaining
useful life. The Company recorded an impairment of indefinite-lived tradenames of 31.3 million and 92.5 million in 2011 and 2009, respectively (refer to Note 12, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets , for more information). As of
December 31, 2011 (after the impairment charge), the two tradenames impaired in 2011 had an aggregate book value of 157.4 million. The significant estimates and assumptions that influence the fair value of a tradename include the expected
branded product sales included in our operating plans, longer-term market growth rates in particular spirits categories and geographies, expected profit margins on products sold using the brands, terminal value, revenue growth rates, and the
weighted average cost of capital. Investments 
 We make investments that include joint ventures that either complement or expand our existing businesses. In accordance
with authoritative guidance on investments, the equity method of accounting is used to account for investments in which the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the joint venture. We
record our share of a joint venture s income as an increase to our investment and dividends received as a reduction in our investment. We record our share of a joint venture s earnings in other income (expense). The equity method requires
impairment losses to be recognized for other than temporary losses of investment value below carrying value. Pension
and Postretirement Benefit Plans We provide a range of benefits to employees and retired employees,
including pension, postretirement, post-employment and health care benefits. Amounts recorded for these plans are based on various actuarial assumptions, including discount rates, assumed rates of return, compensation increases, turnover rates and
health care cost trend rates. We review our actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and make modifications to the assumptions based on current economic conditions and trends. We use a market-related value method of plan assets that recognizes the
difference between the expected return and the actual return on plan assets over a five-year period. The discount rate used to measure obligations is based on a spot-rate yield curve that matches projected future benefit payments with the
appropriate interest rate applicable to the timing of the projected future benefit payments. The expected rate of return on plan assets is determined based on the nature of the plans investments and our expectations for long-term rates of
return. Compensation increases reflect expected future compensation trends. For postretirement benefits, our health care trend rate assumption is based on historical cost increases and expectations for long-term increases. The effects of actuarial
deviations from assumptions are generally accumulated and, if outside a specified corridor, amortized over the remaining service period of the employees for active plans and the expected remaining life of the participants for plans that are
substantially frozen. The cost or benefit of plan changes, such as increasing or decreasing benefits for prior employee service (prior service cost), is deferred and included in expense on a straight-line basis over the average remaining
 
 45 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

service period of the related employees. We believe that the assumptions utilized in recording obligations under the Company s plans, which are presented in Note 17, Pension
and Other Postretirement Benefits , are reasonable based on our experience; however, differences in actual experience or changes in the assumptions may materially affect the Company s financial position or results of operations.
 Income Taxes We establish deferred tax liabilities or assets for temporary differences between financial and tax reporting bases and subsequently adjust them to reflect changes in tax rates expected to be in effect
when the temporary differences reverse. We record a valuation allowance reducing deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. 
 We do not provide deferred income taxes on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that we expect to permanently
reinvest. We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on a two step process. The first
step is recognition, where we evaluate whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50 of being sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position, including resolution of any related appeals or
litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a less than 50 likelihood of being sustained, no tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold in the first step, we perform a second
step of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future periods, changes in facts, circumstances, and new information may require us to change the recognition and measurement
estimates with regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recorded in results of operations and financial position in the period in which such changes occur. 
 Foreign Currency Translation Foreign currency balance sheet accounts are translated into U.S. dollars at the actual rates of exchange at the balance sheet date. Income and expenses are translated at the average rates of exchange
in effect during the period for the foreign subsidiaries where the local currency is the functional currency. The related translation adjustments are made directly to a separate component of the Accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) AOCI caption in stockholders equity. Transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of a subsidiary are translated into the functional currency with resulting transaction gains or losses
recorded in other (income) expense. Derivative Financial Instruments 
 All derivatives are recognized as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet and measurement of those instruments
is at fair value. If the derivative is designated as a fair value hedge and is highly effective, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings in the same period. If
the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portions of changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in AOCI and are recognized in the statement of income when the hedged item affects earnings. Ineffective portions
of changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are recognized in earnings. Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 Fair Value Measurement In May 2011, the FASB issued new guidance on fair value measurement and disclosure requirements (ASU 2011-04, Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820): Amendments to Achieve Common Fair Value Measurement
and Disclosure Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRS ). This guidance results in a consistent definition of fair value and common requirements for measurement of and disclosure about fair value between GAAP and International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS). This guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2011 (calendar year 2012 for Beam). We do not believe that adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on our financial
statements and disclosures. Presentation of Comprehensive Income 
 In June 2011, the FASB issued ASU 2011-05, Statement of Comprehensive Income . This guidance requires entities to
present items of net income and other comprehensive income either in one continuous statement or in two separate, but consecutive, statements. The new presentation requirements are effective for public entities as of the beginning of a fiscal year
that begins after December 15, 2011 (calendar year 2012 for Beam). Full retrospective application is required. Early adoption is permitted. We believe that adoption of this guidance will not have a material impact on our results of operations
or financial position. 
 46 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

2. 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 Acquisitions in 2011 
 In March 2011, we acquired the Skinnygirl ready-to-drink cocktail business. The acquisition included inventory and
identifiable intangible assets. We recorded the estimated fair value of contingent consideration, which is based on the achievement of certain sales targets, as of the acquisition date. Subsequent to the acquisition, we recorded an increase of 28
million to the estimated contingent consideration liability in selling, general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of income. In future periods, the Company may be required to record contingent
consideration in an amount not in excess of approximately 2 million. Any change in our estimated liability for contingent consideration will increase or decrease operating income in future periods. 
 Dispositions in 2011 Refer to Note 3, Discontinued Operations , for information on the Separation Transactions as described in Note 3, Discontinued Operations . 
 Dispositions in 2010 In December 2010, we sold the Cockburn s port brand and related U.S., U.K. and Portugal inventory. In connection with the sale, we recorded a pre-tax loss of 7.4 million 6.8 million after tax).
 In August 2010, we sold certain non-strategic German spirits brands and related assets. In connection with
the sale, we recorded a pre-tax loss of 8.6 million 12.4 million after tax). The proceeds from these two
dispositions were 49.2 million. Acquisitions in 2009 
 In April 2009, we paid 49.9 million (approximately 66.2 million, net of cash acquired) to purchase 100 
interests in seven subsidiaries of Maxxium Worldwide B.V. Maxxium ), our former international spirits sales and distribution joint venture. These acquisitions were accounted for using the purchase method in accordance with authoritative
guidance on business combinations. In addition, we paid 30.9 million (approximately 41.7 million) to acquire 50 ownership in five alliance joint venture entities with The Edrington Group TEG ), our Maxxium joint venture
partner. These entities are accounted for under the equity method. For additional information, refer to Note 4, Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliated Companies . 
 In June 2009, we acquired the EFFEN super-premium vodka brand and related assets from Sazerac Company, Inc. In
conjunction with this transaction, we sold the Old Taylor whiskey brand and assets to Sazerac. 
 47 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

3. 
 Discontinued Operations 
 On October 3, 2011, Beam Inc. (formerly Fortune Brands, Inc. or Fortune Brands completed the spin-off (the Spin-Off of Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. Home Security ). To effectuate the Spin-Off, at 11:59 p.m. New York City time on October 3, 2011, the Company paid a pro rata dividend of one share of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of Home 
Security for each share of common stock, par value 3.125 per share, of the Company outstanding as of 6:00 p.m. New York City time on the record date of September 20, 2011. The Spin-Off was completed without the payment of any consideration or
the exchange of any shares by the Company s stockholders. On October 4, 2011, as a result of the Spin-Off, Home Security became an independent public company trading under the symbol FBHS on the New York Stock
Exchange. The Spin-Off was completed pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement between the
Company and Home Security, dated as of September 27, 2011 (the Separation Agreement ). Under the terms of the Separation Agreement, immediately prior to the effective time of the Spin-Off, Home Security paid a
cash dividend to the Company in the amount of 500 million using the proceeds of a new debt financing arrangement entered into by Home Security. On July 29, 2011, the Company completed the sale of the Golf business to a company formed by Fila Korea Ltd. and Mirae Asset Private Equity of Korea for a cash purchase price of 1.275 billion, which
excludes cash sold and includes a payment for a working capital adjustment received in October 2011. The
Spin-Off and the sale of the Golf business are together referred to herein as the Separation Transactions. In April 2010, we sold our Cobra golf product line to PUMA North America, Inc. for 88.9 million. The following table summarizes the results of the Home Security and Golf businesses through the date of disposition for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009 (in millions).

000,000 

000,000 

000,000 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Net sales 

3,431.7 

4,475.6 

4,225.1 

Income from discontinued operations before income taxes 

171.7 

241.9 

35.4 

Income tax expense 

76.1 

55.4 

23.0 

Gain on sale of discontinued operations 

780.0 

Tax expense on sale of discontinued operations 

93.4 

Net income from discontinued operations 

782.2 

186.5 

12.4 
 
 During the second quarter of 2011, we recorded a 215.3 million reduction of a valuation
allowance related to the Golf business that had previously been established with respect to a capital loss carryforward. The valuation allowance was reduced because we utilized the capital loss carryforward to offset capital gains associated with
the sale. Also, as a result of the sale of the Golf business, during the second quarter of 2011 we provided deferred tax expense of 24.7 million related to the expected repatriation of undistributed foreign earnings and expected gains associated
with the sale of foreign subsidiary stock that are deemed to be taxable U.S. dividends. Interest expense
associated with the Company s outstanding debt was allocated to discontinued operations based on the ratio of net assets of the Home Security and Golf businesses to the sum of the Company s total net assets plus consolidated
debt other than debt directly attributable to other operations of the Company. The amount of interest expense allocated to discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009 was 46.2 million, 69.5 million, and 71.5
million, respectively. 
 48 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 The following table summarizes the assets and liabilities of the
Home Security and Golf businesses included in discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2010 (in millions). 

December 31, 2010 

Assets 

Cash 

53.2 

Accounts receivable 

516.3 

Inventories 

565.2 

Other current assets 

156.3 

Property, plant and equipment 

763.9 

Goodwill 

1,464.9 

Intangibles 

822.1 

Other non-current assets 

69.9 

4,411.8 

Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

324.1 

Notes payable 

32.1 

Other current liabilities 

429.0 

Long-term debt 

16.8 

Deferred income taxes 

267.8 

Accrued pension and postretirement benefits 

239.1 

Other non-current liabilities 

79.9 

1,388.8 

4. 
 Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliated Companies 
 Prior to April 1, 2009, Beam owned a 25 interest in the Maxxium international spirits sales and
distribution joint venture. The other equal partners in Maxxium were R my Cointreau S.A. R my ), Vin Sprit Group V S and TEG. In accordance with a Settlement Agreement executed in September
2008, on March 30, 2009, R my and V S exited the joint venture and Beam became a 50 owner of Maxxium with TEG. We accounted for Maxxium using the equity method. In 2009, we received distributions from Maxxium totaling
 42.9 million (approximately 58.4 million). In 2011 and 2009, we recorded gains of 10.2 million and 12.5 million, respectively, representing distributions in excess of our carrying value. 
 In September 2008, Beam and TEG entered into an agreement establishing an international distribution alliance that is a
combination of jointly-owned and Company-owned sales forces in more than 20 markets. In accordance with the distribution alliance, Beam or TEG acquired all or portions of certain distribution companies that were previously wholly-owned by Maxxium.
Operations under the new alliance began on April 1, 2009. This alliance simplified our international routes to market and gives us greater control over our distribution. The alliance provides that Beam and TEG have joint 50-50 ownership of
sales and distribution companies in certain markets and that Beam wholly-owned or TEG wholly-owned distribution companies distribute both companies products and third party products in certain other markets. In April 2009, we paid
 49.9 million (approximately 66.2 million, net of cash acquired) to purchase 100 interests in seven Maxxium subsidiaries. These acquisitions were accounted for using the purchase method in accordance with authoritative guidance on
business combinations. In addition, we paid 30.9 million (approximately 41.7 million) to acquire 50 ownership in five alliance joint venture entities. These entities are accounted for under the equity method. Our investment in these
affiliates and amounts due from, and payable to, unconsolidated affiliated companies are identified as related party amounts in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
 Refer to Note 18, Commitments and Contingencies Guarantees , for information on our guarantees of certain
credit and loan facilities of our 50 owned foreign joint ventures. 
 49 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

5. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We use stock options, performance share awards PSUs ), and restricted stock units RSUs to compensate key employees and stock awards to compensate outside directors. As of December 31, 2011, 5,955,748 shares were available for issuance in connection with future awards under the Company s stock plans that
have been approved by stockholders. Each stock option and stock appreciation right granted under the Company s stock plans will reduce the number of shares available for future grants by one-third of a share for each share subject to the option
or stock appreciation right. Authorized but unissued shares are reserved for issuance in connection with awards, but treasury shares may be and historically have been delivered. 
 The following table summarizes stock-based compensation expense for continuing operations for the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009 (in millions): 

000,000 

000,000 

000,000 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Included in SG A 

19.6 

30.0 

21.5 

Included in cost of goods sold 

0.8 

3.0 

Included in business separation costs (a) 

5.7 

Total (pre-tax) 

26.1 

33.0 

21.5 

Income tax benefit 

(9.9) 

(11.2) 

(7.6) 

Total (net of tax) 

16.2 

21.8 

13.9 

(a) 
 Amount relates to the modification of certain outstanding Fortune Brands equity awards in August 2011, which did not have anti-dilution provisions, in anticipation of
the conversion of these awards to Beam and Home Security equity awards. The Fortune Brands equity awards were modified during the third quarter of 2011 to add anti-dilutive protection provisions in anticipation of the Spin-Off. The
additional expense was determined by comparing the fair values of these awards prior to and immediately after modification. Stock-based compensation costs capitalized in inventory were not material for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009. 
 In connection with the Spin-Off, and as provided for in the Company s equity plans, the number of stock options,
RSUs, and PSUs outstanding at the Spin-Off, and the exercise prices of such stock options were adjusted to maintain the fair value of those awards. Stock options that were vested prior to the Spin-Off were split into Beam and/or Home 
Security equity awards, using conversion ratios as determined by the Separation Agreement. The conversion ratios were based on the ratios of the pre-spin Fortune Brands closing price to the Beam and Home Security three day volume-weighted
average price post-spin. Nonvested stock options that were held by Beam employees had the number of options and exercise prices modified using the aforementioned ratio of pre- to post-spin (Beam Inc.) stock prices, and nonvested RSUs were adjusted
using the same ratio. Nonvested performance share awards were converted into RSU awards and adjusted in the same manner as other nonvested RSU awards. In addition, nonvested equity awards relating to the Company s employees that became
employees of Home Security were terminated as Home Security replaced the Fortune awards with awards in its stock. The combined impact of this award activity is collectively referred to as the Adjustments. The
Adjustments resulted in an aggregate decrease of approximately 2.3 million equity awards, which is separately included in the line item Adjustment due to the Spin-Off in the tables that follow. The modifications to the outstanding
equity awards on the date of the Spin-Off were made pursuant to existing antidilution provisions in the Company s equity plans and did not result in any additional compensation expense. 
 50 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 Stock Options 
 The exercise prices of stock options are equal to the fair value of a share of Beam Inc. common stock on the date of
grant. The plan provisions require exercise prices to be adjusted for certain events such as the Spin-Off. Options generally may not be exercised prior to one year after the date of grant. Options awarded prior to September 2005 generally
expire ten years after the date of grant; options awarded after September 2005 expire seven to ten years after the date of grant. Options issued generally vest in equal installments over a three or four year period. 
 The fair value of each option award was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based
on the weighted-average assumptions shown in the following table: 

2011 

January 
- August 

August modification 

Post-Spin-Off 

2010 

2009 

Current expected dividend yield 

2.0 

2.0 

2.0 

2.1 

2.1 

Expected volatility 

33.2 

29.8 

32.0 

34.1 

33.3 

Risk-free interest rate 

2.3 

0.1 

1.3 

2.2 

2.1 

Expected term (in years) 

5.5 

0.6 

6.5 

4.5 

4.5 
 
 Volatility assumptions used to determine the fair value of modified awards in August 2011
and for options granted after August 2011 were based on an analysis of historical and implied volatility of publicly-traded companies with similar characteristics, including industry, stage of life cycle, size and financial leverage. This volatility
was used as the historical volatility of Fortune Brands is not representative of Beam Inc. s expected volatility as a standalone spirits company. Volatility assumptions used to determine fair value for awards prior to August 2011 was based on
the historical volatility of Fortune Brands, Inc. s stock price over the period commensurate with the expected term of stock options, as well as other relevant factors. Risk-free rate assumptions are based on U.S. government issues with a
remaining term equal to the expected life of the stock options. Expected term assumptions used to determine the fair value of awards after August 2011 were based on the simplified method. Expected term assumptions used to determine the fair value of
modified awards in August 2011 were based on the simplified method (adjusted for the time already elapsed for vested shares). For awards prior to August 2011, the weighted average expected term was determined based on historical employee exercise
behavior and the contractual term of the options. The following table summarizes stock option activity during
the year ended December 31, 2011: 

Options (thousands) 

Weighted- Average Exercise Price 

Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term (years) 

Aggregate Intrinsic 
Value (millions) 

Outstanding at December 31, 2010 

16,691 

60.50 

Granted 

2,203 

54.98 

Exercised 

(2,481) 

43.63 

Forfeited 

(137) 

47.96 

Expired 

(1,712) 

65.85 

Adjustment due to the Spin-Off (a) 

(2,124) 

n/a 

Outstanding at December 31, 2011 (a) 

12,440 

51.71 

3.5 

58.4 

Exercisable at December 31, 2011 (a) 

9,982 

53.54 

2.6 

40.8 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2011 (a) 

12,216 

51.85 

3.5 

56.7 

(a) 
 The weighted-average exercise price of the stock options included in the line item Adjustment due to the Spin-Off is equal to the pre-Spin-Off
weighted-average exercise price of such stock options, as reduced by the Adjustments. The weighted-average exercise price of stock options outstanding, exercisable, and vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2011 also reflects the
decrease in the exercise price as a result of the Adjustments. The weighted-average grant date
fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009 was 14.97, 11.28, and 10.81, respectively. The intrinsic value of stock options exercised in the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009
was 32.5 million, 21.0 million and 2.3 million, respectively. 
 51 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 Performance Share Awards 
 Performance share awards are granted to select management employees of the Company and represent the right to receive
unrestricted shares of stock based on the achievement of targeted cumulative diluted earnings per share and average consolidated return on invested capital. Compensation cost is amortized into expense over the performance period, which is generally
three years, based on the probability of meeting performance targets. The fair value of each performance share award is based on the stock price at the date of grant and the probability of meeting the performance targets. 
 The following table summarizes nonvested performance share awards as of December 31, 2011 as well as activity during
the year then ended: 

Performance Awards (thousands) 

Weighted-Average Grant Date 
Fair Value 

Nonvested at December 31, 2010 

377 

34.51 

Performance share adjustment 

51 

n/a 

Adjustment due to the Spin-Off 

(428) 

n/a 

Nonvested at December 31, 2011 

The weighted-average grant date fair value of performance awards granted in 2010 and 2009
was 43.72 and 29.91, respectively. The total fair value of performance share awards that vested in 2010 and 2009 was 10.6 million and 0.5 million, respectively. Restricted Stock Units RSUs are granted to select
management employees of the Company and represent the right to receive unrestricted shares of stock based on service. Compensation cost is amortized into expense over the service period, which is generally three to four years. The fair value of each
RSU granted is equal to the share price at the date of grant. The following table summarizes nonvested RSUs
outstanding as of December 31, 2011 as well as activity during the year then ended: 

RSUs (thousands) 

Weighted-Average Grant Date 
Fair Value 

Nonvested at December 31, 2010 

437 

39.66 

Granted 

421 

52.57 

Vested (a) 

(322) 

48.60 

Adjustment due to the Spin-Off 

277 

n/a 

Nonvested at December 31, 2011 b 

813 

44.75 

(a) 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of awards that vested after the Spin-Off reflect the revised grant date fair value as a result of the Adjustments.

(b) 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of nonvested awards at December 31, 2011 reflects the revised grant date fair value as a result of the Adjustments.
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSUs granted in 2010 and 2009 was 43.67, and
 28.46, respectively. The total fair value of RSUs that vested in 2011 and 2010 was 5.8 million and 1.7 million, respectively. The compensation cost related to nonvested awards not yet recognized is 28.1 million at December 31, 2011 and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.9 years. 
 52 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 Stock Awards to Outside Directors 
 We use stock awards to compensate outside directors under the non-employee director stock plans. Awards are issued
annually in the second quarter as part of the compensation to outside directors. In addition, outside directors may elect to have director s fees paid in stock. Awards granted to outside directors vest immediately and the related compensation
cost is expensed at the time of an award based on the fair value of a share of Beam s stock at the date of the award. The following table summarizes RSUs granted to outside directors for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009: 

RSUs (thousands) 

Weighted-Average Grant Date 
Fair Value 

2011 

16.1 

64.05 

2010 

18.9 

53.83 

2009 

27.0 

38.76 

6. 
 Business Separation Costs 
 Business separation costs are directly related to implementing the Separation Transactions (refer to
Note 3, Discontinued Operations , for additional information on the Separation Transactions). We recorded 83.8 million and 2.3 million of business separation costs in the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Business
separation costs for the year ended December 31, 2011 consisted of 43.4 million of financial, legal and other separation-related advisory fees, as well as 40.4 million of employee-related costs primarily related to termination benefits.
 Included within employee-related business separation costs in 2011 is incremental stock-based compensation
expense of approximately 5.7 million related to the modification of certain outstanding Fortune Brands equity awards, as discussed further in Note 5, Stock-Based Compensation . 

7. 
 Restructuring and Other Charges 
 Restructuring charges The following is a summary of restructuring charges for continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009 (in millions): 

000,000 

000,000 

000,000 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Workforce reductions 

5.6 

15.1 

19.5 

Lease/contract terminations 

2.1 

0.3 

5.6 

Asset write-down 

3.7 

7.7 

15.4 

28.8 

The restructuring charges summarized in the table above represent substantially all of
the charges that have been, and expected to be, incurred in connection with the restructuring activities. In
2011, restructuring charges related to distribution and supply-chain initiatives, facility consolidations, and organizational streamlining initiatives. In 2010, restructuring charges related to facility consolidations and organizational streamlining
initiatives. In 2009, restructuring charges related to business repositioning, including strategic sales and distribution initiatives in international markets and U.S. supply chain activities. 
 53 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 The changes in the balance of the restructuring liability for the years
ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 are as follows (in millions): 

Workforce Reductions 

Contract Termination Costs 

Total 

Balance at December 31, 2009 

21.3 

10.6 

31.9 

Provision 

15.1 

0.3 

15.4 

Cash payments 

(23.0) 

(1.0) 

(24.0) 
 
 Non-cash changes (a 

(0.6) 

(0.6) 

Balance at December 31, 2010 

12.8 

9.9 

22.7 

Provision 

5.6 

2.1 

7.7 

Cash payments 

(10.1) 

(8.3) 

(18.4) 
 
 Non-cash changes (a 

(0.8) 

(0.5) 

(1.3) 

Balance at December 31, 2011 

7.5 

3.2 

10.7 

(a) 
 Non-cash write-offs primarily include the impact of foreign exchange rate changes. 
 The Company expects the remaining liability related to workforce reductions to be paid in 2012 and the remaining
liability related to lease costs will be paid over the lease term. Other charges 
 In addition to restructuring charges, our income from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2011,
2010, and 2009 was impacted by the following significant items (in millions): 

000,000 

000,000 

000,000 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Business separation costs (Note 6) 

83.8 

2.3 

Asset impairment charges (Note 12) 

31.3 

92.5 

Acquisition related charges a 

25.0 

Loss on sale of assets (Note 2) 

16.0 

Australia distribution agreement b 

(23.6) 

Other charges c 

16.5 

10.5 

5.2 

133.0 

28.8 

97.7 

(a) 
 Relates to acquisition-related contingent consideration and is included in SG A in the consolidated income statement. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions
and Dispositions , for more information. 

(b) 
 Relates to the one-time margin impact associated with transition to our new long-term distribution agreement in Australia. This amount consists of 46.3 million
included in Net sales and 22.7 million included in Cost of goods sold in the consolidated income statement. 

(c) 
 Consists primarily of restructuring-related activities described in above section Restructuring charges . These charges primarily relate to consulting fees
related to restructuring activities, workforce reduction costs and the write-down of fixed assets related to restructuring activities, and the write-down of inventory associated with discontinued brands. Included in Cost of goods sold in
the consolidated income statements for 2011, 2010, and 2009 is 15.6 million, 3.6 million, and 0.6 million, respectively. Included in Selling, general, and administrative expense in the consolidated income statement for 2011, 2010, and
2009 is 0.9 million, 6.9 million, and 4.6 million in 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively 

8. 
 Other (Income) Expense 
 The components of other (income) expense, for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009
were as follows (in millions): 

000,000 

000,000 

000,000 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Tax indemnification income (a) 

(26.0) 

(37.1) 

Maxxium distribution gain (b) 

(10.2) 

(12.5) 
 
 Equity (income) loss in joint ventures (b) 

(3.9) 

0.7 

8.5 

Foreign currency transaction (gains) losses 

(0.4) 

4.1 

Interest income 

(2.9) 

(3.1) 

(2.5) 
 
 Spanish stamp duty tax 

6.3 

Other items, net 

2.6 

6.7 

3.6 

Total other (income) expense 

(40.4) 

(33.2) 

7.5 

(a) 
 Refer to Note 9, Income Taxes , for additional information. 

(b) 
 Refer to Note 4, Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliated Companies , for additional information. 
 54 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

9. 
 Income Taxes 
 The components of income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes were as follows (in
millions): 

000,000 

000,000 

000,000 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Domestic operations 

(148.6) 

34.5 

34.8 

Foreign operations 

317.9 

311.2 

213.2 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes and noncontrolling interests 

169.3 

345.7 

248.0 

A reconciliation of income taxes at the 35 federal statutory income tax rate to income
taxes from continuing operations were as follows (in millions): 

000,000 

000,000 

000,000 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Income taxes computed at federal statutory income tax rate 

59.3 

121.0 

86.8 

Other income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

3.1 

7.5 

(0.8) 
 
 Foreign taxes at a different rate than U.S. federal statutory income tax rate 

(46.0) 

(45.7) 

(85.9) 
 
 Non-taxable indemnification income 

(9.7) 

(13.0) 

Non-taxable other income 

(3.4) 

(3.0) 

(0.7) 
 
 Valuation allowance 

13.0 

3.3 

4.8 

Tax benefit on income attributable to domestic production activities 

(3.1) 

(3.5) 

(4.9) 
 
 Net adjustments for uncertain tax positions 

4.5 

(31.0) 

8.2 

Net effect of change in deferred taxes 

1.1 

1.1 

1.9 

Prior period items 

6.7 

8.8 

Non-deductible business separation costs 

10.5 

Miscellaneous other, net 

(0.5) 

(4.9) 

Income taxes from continuing operations as reported 

36.0 

36.2 

13.3 

Effective income tax rate 

21.3 

10.5 

5.4 

During 2011, the Mexico tax authorities issued an assessment of tax and interest to our
Mexican spirits companies, which include assets acquired from Pernod Ricard S.A. Pernod Ricard in July 2005. Pursuant to the acquisition agreement, Pernod Ricard indemnified the Company for pre-acquisition income tax contingencies
and liabilities. The assessment related to the 2004 and 2005 pre-acquisition tax years. The Mexican tax authorities issued a net assessment of approximately 25.5 million 14.8 million for tax and 10.7 million for related interest and
penalties), which was paid in September 2011. Pursuant to the acquisition agreement, we negotiated and received a 26.0 million tax indemnification payment from Pernod Ricard related to the above assessment and recorded this payment in other
(income) expense. During 2011, the German tax authorities completed an audit of our German spirits
companies 2003-2007 tax returns. We recorded approximately 19 million of previously recorded unrecognized tax benefits as a reduction to tax expense. During 2010, the Spanish tax authorities issued three assessments of tax and/or interest to our Spanish spirits companies, which include the assets acquired from Pernod Ricard in July 2005. The
assessments related to the 1988-1990 and 2004-2006 periods, the majority of which related to pre-acquisition tax years. The Spanish tax authorities issued net assessments of approximately 42.2 million 27.5 million for tax and 14.7 million
for related interest), which were paid in July, October, and December 2010. Pursuant to the acquisition agreement, we negotiated and received 37.1 million in tax indemnification payments from Pernod Ricard related to the above assessments and
recorded these payments in other (income) expense. The net difference represents items for which the Company will receive future income tax benefits. Also during 2010, the Company settled its 2004-2005 IRS audit appeal and the IRS concluded its routine examination of the Company s 2006-2007 tax years. 
 As a result of the conclusion of the above-mentioned U.S. and Spanish audit examinations, we recorded approximately 46
million of previously unrecognized tax benefits (net of current and deferred taxes) as a reduction to income tax expense in 2010. This tax benefit is included in the Net adjustments for uncertain tax positions line item of the tax rate
reconciliation. 
 55 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax
benefits UTBs is as follows (in millions): 

000,000 

000,000 

000,000 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Unrecognized tax benefits beginning of year 

116.5 

406.4 

395.0 

Gross additions current year tax positions 

12.6 

8.4 

10.5 

Gross additions purchase accounting, prior year tax positions 

2.3 

Gross additions prior year tax positions 

30.5 

20.2 

0.5 

Gross reductions prior year tax positions 

(29.8) 

(6.2) 

(0.9) 
 
 Gross reductions settlements with taxing authorities 

(29.3) 

(275.4) 

(0.6) 
 
 Impact of change in foreign exchange rates 

(1.5) 

(39.2) 

1.9 

Impact due to expiration of statutes of limitations 

(0.6) 

Unrecognized tax benefits end of year 

98.4 

116.5 

406.4 

The amount of UTBs that, if recognized as of December 31, 2011, would affect the
Company s effective tax rate was 96.8 million. It is reasonably possible that, within the next 12
months, total UTBs may decrease in the range of 5 million to 60 million, primarily as a result of the conclusion of U.S. federal, state and foreign income tax proceedings. 
 We classify interest and penalty accruals related to UTBs as income tax expense. During the year ended
December 31, 2011, the Company recognized 1.0 million in interest and penalty benefit. During 2010, the Company recognized an interest and penalty benefit of approximately 12.2 million, primarily driven by audit resolutions. During
2009, the Company recognized 6.2 million in interest and penalty expense. At December 31, 2011 and 2010, we had accruals for the payment of interest and penalties of 34.6 million and 38.1 million respectively. 
 The Company or its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various states and foreign
jurisdictions. The IRS is currently examining the Company s 2008 and 2009 federal income tax returns. The Company or one of its subsidiaries has tax years that remain open and subject to examination by tax authorities in the following
major taxing jurisdictions: Canada for years after 2005, France for years after 2008, Germany for years after 2007, Mexico for years after 2003, Spain for years after 2005, and the United Kingdom for years after 2008. 
 Income taxes were as follows (in millions): 

000,000 

000,000 

000,000 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Currently payable 

Federal 

(61.5) 

(38.3) 

(35.5) 
 
 Foreign 

85.1 

25.4 

86.1 

State and other 

2.9 

4.9 

(2.8) 
 
 Deferred 

Federal, state and other 

12.0 

(5.0) 

3.2 

Foreign 

(2.5) 

49.2 

(37.7) 

Total income tax provision 

36.0 

36.2 

13.3 

56 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 The components of net deferred tax assets (liabilities) were as follows
(in millions): 

000,000 

000,000 

2011 

2010 

Deferred Tax Assets 

Compensation and benefits 

93.5 

82.6 

Pension and other retiree benefits 

44.0 

83.2 

Identifiable intangible assets 

26.9 

28.6 

Inventories 

28.9 

34.1 

Accounts receivable 

3.0 

10.7 

Financial instruments 

36.7 

23.2 

State income taxes 

0.1 

Other reserves 

46.7 

43.9 

Miscellaneous 

54.5 

34.2 

Net operating loss and other tax carryforwards 

70.2 

279.5 

Valuation allowance 

(35.6) 

(214.9) 

Total deferred tax assets 

368.8 

405.2 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Fixed assets 

(87.1) 

(96.5) 
 
 Identifiable intangible assets 

(510.5) 

(538.2) 
 
 Miscellaneous 

(43.7) 

(42.2) 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

(641.3) 

(676.9) 

Net deferred tax liability 

(272.5) 

(271.7) 

Deferred taxes were classified in the balance sheet as of December 31, 2011 and 2010
as (in millions): 

000,000 

000,000 

2011 

2010 

Other current assets 

77.9 

82.9 

Other current liabilities 

(7.3) 

(6.1) 
 
 Other assets 

32.0 

44.6 

Deferred income taxes 

(375.1) 

(393.1) 

Net deferred tax liability 

(272.5) 

(271.7) 

As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company had deferred tax assets relating to
net operating loss, capital loss and other tax carryforwards of 70.2 million and 279.5 million, respectively, of which approximately 2.5 million will expire between 2012 and 2015, and the remainder which will expire in 2016 and thereafter. The
decrease in deferred tax assets in 2011 was primarily due to the recognition of the capital loss carryforward resulted from the sale of our Cobra Golf product line. The 2011 change in the valuation allowance was primarily due to the utilization of
approximately 205 million of tax loss carryforwards related to the sale of the Golf business as discussed in Note 3, Discontinued Operations , partially offset by a 25 million increase to the valuation allowance (which increased tax expense)
for loss carryforwards in certain countries. The Company s valuation allowance increased from 6 million as of December 31, 2009 to 215 million as of December 31, 2010, primarily due to establishment of an approximate 205 million
valuation allowance for Golf-related capital loss carryforwards from the 2010 sale of the Cobra product line. There was no material valuation allowance activity in 2009. 
 We do not provide deferred income taxes on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that we expect to permanently
reinvest. The undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that are considered permanently reinvested were 269.5 million in the aggregate at December 31, 2011. A quantification of the associated deferred tax liability on these undistributed
earnings has not been made, as the determination of such liability is not practicable. 
 57 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

10. 
 Earnings Per Share 
 Basic earnings per common share EPS is calculated by dividing net income attributable to
common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Diluted EPS is calculated using the treasury share method by giving effect to all potentially dilutive securities that were outstanding.
 The computations of basic and diluted EPS share were as follows (in millions, except per share data):

000,000 

000,000 

000,000 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Income from continuing operations 

133.3 

309.5 

234.7 

Income from discontinued operations 

778.1 

178.1 

8.1 

Net income attributable to Beam Inc. 

911.4 

487.6 

242.8 

Less: Preferred stock dividends 

(0.4) 

(0.4) 

(0.5) 

Income attributable to Beam Inc. common stockholders basic 

911.0 

487.2 

242.3 

Addition of preferred stock dividends 

0.4 

0.4 

0.5 

Income attributable to Beam Inc. common stockholders diluted 

911.4 

487.6 

242.8 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic 

154.6 

152.4 

150.3 

Dilutive effect of conversion of convertible preferred stock 

1.4 

1.1 

1.2 

Dilutive effect of exercise of stock-based awards 

1.8 

0.8 

0.3 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding diluted 

157.8 

154.3 

151.8 

Antidilutive stock-based awards excluded from weighted average number of common shares outstanding for diluted
EPS 

8.3 

14.5 

16.1 

Basic EPS 

Continuing operations 

0.86 

2.03 

1.56 

Discontinued operations 

5.03 

1.17 

0.05 

Net income 

5.89 

3.20 

1.61 

Diluted EPS 

Continuing operations 

0.85 

2.01 

1.55 

Discontinued operations 

4.93 

1.15 

0.05 

Net income 

5.78 

3.16 

1.60 

58 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

11. 
 Balance Sheet Information 
 Supplemental balance sheet information as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 is as follows (in millions): 

2011 

2010 

Inventories: 

Maturing spirits 

1,283.2 

1,253.7 

Finished products 

167.3 

158.9 

Other raw materials, supplies, and work in process 

101.0 

110.5 

Total inventories 

1,551.5 

1,523.1 

Property, plant and equipment: 

Land and improvements 

111.4 

111.5 

Buildings and improvements to leaseholds 

336.1 

316.8 

Machinery and equipment 

724.4 

690.6 

Construction in progress 

84.0 

39.4 

Property, plant and equipment, gross 

1,255.9 

1,158.3 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

526.2 

490.1 

Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

729.7 

668.2 

Other current liabilities: 

Accrued advertising 

104.2 

71.5 

Accrued and deferred taxes 

123.2 

111.4 

Accrued salaries, wages and other compensation 

75.9 

59.7 

Accrued interest 

41.8 

81.0 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

215.1 

197.4 

Total other current liabilities 

560.2 

521.0 

12. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 The change in the net carrying amount of goodwill was as follows (in millions): 

2011 

2010 

Net book value January 1 

2,137.5 

2,112.0 

Acquisition-related adjustments 

32.4 

29.0 

Dispositions 

(10.9) 
 
 Translation adjustments 

(66.0) 

7.4 

Net book value December 31 

2,103.9 

2,137.5 

Acquisition-related adjustments in 2011 related to the acquisition of the Skinnygirl
ready-to-drink cocktail business and tax adjustments related to a prior-year acquisition. Acquisition-related adjustments in 2010 related to tax adjustments related to prior-year acquisitions. 
 As a result of the Separation Transactions as described in Note 3, Discontinued Operations , the Company
re-evaluated its reporting units and allocated goodwill to these new reporting units. Refer to Note 22, Segment Information , for additional information on our segments. Goodwill was allocated to these new reporting units based on the relative
fair values of these reporting units. Fair value was calculated using the expected present value of future cash flows, and included estimates, judgments and assumptions consistent with those of a market participant that management believes were
appropriate in the circumstances. The estimates and judgments that most significantly affect the fair value calculations are assumptions related to long-term growth rates in particular spirits categories and geographies, expected profit margins, and
discount rates. The Company did not recast prior-period goodwill balances to the new reporting units as it was impractical to do so. Goodwill by reporting unit is as follows (in millions): 

December 31, 2011 

North America 

1,500.2 

EMEA 

488.3 

APSA 

115.4 

2,103.9 

59 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 Amortizable identifiable intangible assets, principally tradenames and
customer relationships, are subject to amortization over their estimated useful life, 5 to 40 years, based on the assessment of a number of factors that may impact useful life. These factors include historical tradename performance with respect
to consumer name recognition, geographic market presence, market share, plans for ongoing tradename support and promotion, and other relevant factors. The gross carrying value and accumulated amortization by class of intangible assets as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 were as follows (in millions): 

2011 

2010 

Gross Carrying Amounts 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net Book Value 

Gross Carrying Amounts 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net Book Value 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets tradenames (a) 

(b) 

(b) 

1,783.5 

(b) 

(b) 

1,899.5 

Amortizable intangible assets 

Tradenames 

493.7 

(189.3) 

304.4 

491.4 

(175.3) 

316.1 

Customer and contractual relationships 

6.0 

(2.0) 

4.0 

8.2 

(3.6) 

4.6 

Licenses and other 

14.5 

(7.4) 

7.1 

13.4 

(6.8) 

6.6 

514.2 

(198.7) 

315.5 

513.0 

(185.7) 

327.3 

Total identifiable intangibles 

2,099.0 

2,226.8 

(a) 
 Tradename carrying value was impacted by foreign currency exchange rates and a 2011 impairment charge (described below). 

(b) 
 Not applicable. Expected
amortization expense for intangible assets recorded as of December 31, 2011 is as follows (in millions): 

2012 
 
 2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

16.6 

16.6 

16.5 

16.3 

16.3 
 
 The Company cannot predict the occurrence of certain events or changes in circumstances
that might adversely affect the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. Such events may include, but are not limited to, the impact of the economic environment; a material negative change in relationships with significant
customers; or strategic decisions made in response to economic and competitive conditions. In addition, certain assumptions and estimates used in determining the fair value of our goodwill and indefinite-lived tradenames are outside the control of
management, including interest rates (in the U.S. and abroad), exchange rates, the cost of capital, and tax rates. Due to the uncertainty of the aforementioned items, the Company cannot predict whether a future impairment will result. 
 2011 Asset Impairment Charges In connection with our annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing in the fourth quarter of 2011, we recorded impairment charges of 31.3 million to reduce the Larios and DYC tradenames to
an estimated combined fair value of 157.4 million. We remain confident in the long-term growth prospects for these brands; however, GAAP requires that indefinite-lived tradenames be valued based on their current fair value if it is lower than
carrying value. We estimated the fair value using a discounted cash flow analysis. This fair value is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measure due to the use of significant unobservable inputs, including expected profit margins on products sold
using the brands and revenue growth rates. The impairment was due to the combined effect of the economic downturn on sales in key geographic markets, as well as the effect of a substantially higher discount rate used to estimate the fair value. The
higher discount rate is attributable to deterioration in the sovereign risk spread associated with Spain. 2009 Asset
Impairment Charges We had indefinite-lived tradenames with a book value of 1,905.4 million as of
December 31, 2009. In connection with our annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing in the fourth quarter of 2009, we recorded impairment charges of 92.5 million to adjust the carrying value of tradenames, primarily Sauza, to
an estimated aggregate fair value of 782.8 million. This fair value is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measure due to the use of significant unobservable inputs, including expected profit margins on products sold using the brands and revenue
growth rates. The fair value declined below book value primarily due to the combined effect of the economic downturn and excess agave supply on sales in key geographic markets, particularly Mexico and the U.S., and the expectation of more moderate
market growth rates for the overall tequila spirits category for the foreseeable future. 
 60 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

13. 
 Derivative Instruments 
 We do not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We principally use
financial instruments to reduce the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates. The principal derivative financial instruments we enter into on a routine basis are foreign exchange contracts. In addition, from time to
time, we enter into interest rate swaps. We enter into foreign exchange contracts primarily to hedge
forecasted sales and purchases denominated in select foreign currencies, thereby limiting currency risk that would otherwise result from changes in exchange rates. The periods of the foreign exchange contracts correspond to the periods of the
forecasted transactions, which generally do not exceed 12 to 15 months subsequent to the latest balance sheet date. We also enter into foreign exchange contracts to hedge our risk to changes in the fair value of recognized foreign currency
denominated assets and liabilities. The effective portions of cash flow hedges are reported in other comprehensive income and are recognized in the statement of income when the hedged item affects earnings. The ineffective portion of all hedges is
recognized in current period earnings. In addition, changes in fair value of all economic hedge transactions are immediately recognized in current period earnings. Our primary foreign currency hedge contracts pertain to the U.S. dollar, the Mexican
peso, the Canadian dollar, the Euro and the Australian dollar. The gross U.S. dollar equivalent notional amount of all foreign currency derivative hedges outstanding at December 31, 2011 and 2010 was 550.1 million and 595.5 million,
respectively. The counterparties to our derivative contracts are major financial institutions. We are subject
to credit risk on these contracts equal to the fair value of these instruments. As of the date of these financial statements, management believes that the risk of incurring material losses is unlikely and that the losses, if any, would be
immaterial. The fair values of derivative instruments on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 were (in millions): 

Fair Value 

Balance Sheet Location 
 
 2011 

2010 

Assets 

Foreign exchange contracts 
 
 Other current assets 

3.7 

3.5 

Interest rate contracts 
 
 Other assets 

36.7 

Total assets 

3.7 

40.2 

Liabilities 

Foreign exchange contracts 
 
 Other current liabilities 

5.8 

11.8 

Total liabilities 

5.8 

11.8 
 
 The effects of derivative financial instruments on the statement of income and OCI for
the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 were (in millions): 

Gain (Loss) 

Recognized in OCI (Effective Portion) 

Recognized in Income 

Type of hedge 
 
 2011 

2010 

Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income 
 
 2011 

2010 

Cash flow foreign exchange contracts 

(4.3) 

(8.5) 
 
 Net sales 

(10.6) 

(11.6) 
 
 Fair value interest rate contracts (a) 

n/a 

n/a 

Interest expense 

13.2 

19.6 

Fair value foreign exchange contracts 

n/a 

n/a 

Other income 

(24.6) 

(1.5) 

Total 

(4.3) 

(8.5) 

(22.0) 

6.5 

(a) 
 Represents the gain recorded prior to the third quarter 2011 termination of the interest rate swaps with a notional amount of 900.0 million that hedged the fair value
of certain fixed rate debt. The amounts recorded for the swap were offset by corresponding debt fair value adjustments that were also recorded to interest expense. We received cash proceeds of approximately 45 million upon termination of the swaps,
which was performed in conjunction with planned debt retirements (see Note 15, Debt ). The adjustment to the fair value of the debt is being recognized over the term of the debt, including accelerated amortization related to early debt
extinguishments. There were no interest rate swaps outstanding as of December 31, 2011. We
estimate that less than 1 million of net derivative gains included in OCI as of December 31, 2011 will be reclassified to earnings within the next twelve months. 
 In the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, the ineffective portion of cash flow hedges recognized in other
(income) expense was insignificant. 
 61 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

14. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Authoritative accounting guidance establishes a three tier fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the
inputs used in measuring fair values as follows: 

Level 1 observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical assets in active markets; 

Level 2 inputs other than quoted prices for identical assets in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly; and

Level 3 unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data which requires the use of valuation techniques and the
development of assumptions. The following methods and assumptions are used to estimate the
fair values of the Company s financial instruments: Derivative financial instruments are carried at fair
value, based on standard valuation techniques that use, where possible, current market-based or independently sourced pricing units, such as interest rates, currency rates, or implied volatilities. 
 Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 were as follows
(in millions): 

Fair Value 

2011 

2010 

Assets 

Derivative financial instruments (level 2) 

3.7 

40.2 

Liabilities 

Derivative financial instruments (level 2) 

5.8 

11.8 
 
 The fair value of the Company s long-term debt (including current portion) was
determined from quoted market prices, where available, or from estimates using discounted cash flow analyses based on current borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. The fair value of long-term debt at December 31, 2011 was
approximately 2,015.4 million, compared with the aggregate carrying value of 1,902.1 million. The fair value of long-term debt at December 31, 2010 was approximately 4,258.8 million compared with the aggregate carrying value of 4,211.2
million. We also recorded certain tradenames at fair value due to our annual indefinite-lived intangible
asset testing in the fourth quarters of 2011 and 2009. These fair value measures are considered non-recurring Level 3 fair value measures. Refer to Note 12, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets , for more information. 
 62 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

15. 
 Debt 
 Short-term debt borrowings consisted of amounts outstanding under committed bank credit agreements and
uncommitted bank lines of credit. The weighted-average interest rate on short-term debt borrowings was 1.6 and 3.4 in 2011 and 2010, respectively. The amount available under unused, committed credit lines was 775.4 million at December 31,
2011, which includes the entire 750 million available under the Credit Agreement discussed below. The
components of long-term debt were as follows (in millions): 

2011 

2010 

5 1 / 8 Notes, Due January 2011 

590.6 

3 Notes, Due June 2012 

400.0 

4 Notes, Due 2013 (2011: 218.8; 2010: 500.0) 

283.7 

670.8 

4 7 / 8 Notes, Due 2013 

180.5 

300.0 

6 3 / 8 Notes, Due 2014 

326.4 

500.0 

5 3 / 8 Notes, Due 2016 

400.0 

950.0 

8 5 / 8 Debentures, Due 2021 

59.3 

90.9 

7 7 / 8 Debentures, Due 2023 

113.8 

150.0 

6 5 / 8 Debentures, Due 2028 

200.0 

200.0 

5 7 / 8 Notes, Due 2036 

300.0 

300.0 

Miscellaneous 

38.4 

58.9 

Total debt 

1,902.1 

4,211.2 

Less current portion 

590.6 

Total long-term debt 

1,902.1 

3,620.6 
 
 In December 2011, we executed a 750 million, 5-year committed revolving credit
agreement (the Credit Agreement to be used for general corporate purposes. The Credit Agreement replaced Beam s 750 million, 3-year credit agreement that was scheduled to mature in February 2013. Amounts may be borrowed under the
Credit Agreement in U.S. Dollars, Euros or British Pounds Sterling. Interest on Eurocurrency loans will accrue at LIBOR (with interest periods of 1, 2, 3 or 6 months) plus spreads based on credit ratings assigned to Beam s outstanding senior
unsecured debt. Interest on alternate base rate loans will accrue at the highest of (i) the administrative agent s prime rate, (ii) the federal funds effective rate plus 1/2 of 1 per annum or (iii) the Adjusted London
Interbank Offered Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus 1 per annum. Beam may also request competitive bids or negotiated rates for interest on loans under the Credit Agreement. Beam may, subject to the satisfaction of certain
conditions, request that the aggregate principal amount of the facility be increased by up to 250 million in the aggregate. The Credit Agreement contains, among other things, conditions precedent, covenants, representations and warranties and
events of default customary for facilities of this type. Such covenants include certain limitations on secured debt, sale-leaseback transactions, subsidiary debt and guarantees, fundamental changes and transactions with affiliates. The Credit
Agreement also includes financial covenants under which Beam is required to maintain (i) a minimum ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense of 3.00 to 1.00 and (ii) a maximum ratio of debt to capitalization of 0.55 to
1.00. Consolidated interest expense is as disclosed in our financial statements. Total capital is defined as debt plus equity and deferred taxes and excluding the impact of future impairment charges. There were no events of default under the Credit
Agreement as of December 31, 2011. None of our other debt instruments include financial ratio covenants. 
 In November 2011, we redeemed a portion of our outstanding 4 Notes due 2013, of which 500 million in
aggregate principal amount was outstanding prior to the redemption. Total cash paid to holders of the notes was approximately 298 million 408 million), which included approximately 281 million 386 million) in debt
principal, approximately 9 million 12 million) of accrued interest, and approximately 8 million 10 million) of purchase premiums. In November 2011, we redeemed in full our outstanding 3 Notes due 2012, of which 400 million in aggregate principal amount was outstanding prior to the redemption. Total cash paid to holders of the 3 
Notes was approximately 411 million, which included 400 million in aggregate principal, approximately 5 million of accrued interest, and approximately 6 million of purchase premiums. 
 63 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 Related to the fourth quarter 2011 financing activities, 16.0 million
of purchase premiums, the acceleration of unamortized debt issuance costs and other fees of 1.7 million, and a gain associated with amortization/write-off of deferred gains related to terminated interest rate swaps of 2.5 million were recorded in
loss on early extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statement of income. In August 2011, we
used proceeds from the sale of the Golf business to complete an early extinguishment of debt, consisting of the following principal amounts (in millions): 

4 7 / 8 Notes, Due 2013 

119.5 

6 3 / 8 Notes, Due 2014 

173.6 

5 3 / 8 Notes, Due 2016 

550.0 

8 5 / 8 Debentures, Due 2021 

31.7 

7 7 / 8 Debentures, Due 2023 

36.2 

Total 

911.0 
 
 The total cash paid to holders of the tendered notes and debentures in August 2011 was
approximately 1.06 billion, which included 911.0 million in debt principal, 7.9 million of accrued interest, and 139.0 million in purchase premiums. The 139.0 million of purchase premiums, a gain associated with amortization/write-off of
deferred gains related to terminated interest rate swaps of 10.5 million, and the acceleration of unamortized debt issuance costs of 5.5 million were recorded in loss on early extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statement of
income. See Note 13, Derivative Instruments , for additional information on the termination of interest
rate swaps in the third quarter of 2011. In January 2011, we repaid maturing notes of 590.6 million using
cash on hand. During the second quarter of 2010, we repurchased outstanding notes that were scheduled to
mature on January 15, 2011 with a face value of 159.4 million. A loss on the repurchase of 4.4 million was recognized in other (income) expense. In our debt agreements, there are normal and customary events of default which would permit the lenders of any debt agreement to accelerate the debt if not cured within applicable grace periods, such as
failure to pay principal or interest when due or a change in control of the Company. There were no events of default as of December 31, 2011. Estimated payments for maturing debt during the next five years as of December 31, 2011 were as follows (in millions): 

Payments Due by Period as of December 31, 2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

Total debt 

464.2 

326.4 

400.0 

16. 
 Leases 
 Future minimum rental payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31, 2011
were as follows (in millions): 

2012 

13.3 

2013 

11.5 

2014 

10.1 

2015 

9.0 

2016 

7.7 

Remainder 

13.4 

Total minimum rental payments 

65.0 

Less minimum rentals to be received under non-cancelable subleases 

(0.2) 

64.8 
 
 Total rental expense for all operating leases (reduced by insignificant amounts from
subleases) amounted to 20.5 million, 23.9 million, and 21.3 million in 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. 
 64 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

17. 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 We have a number of pension plans covering many of the Company s current and former employees. The
plans provide for payment of retirement benefits, mainly commencing between the ages of 55 and 65, and also for payment of certain disability and severance benefits. After meeting certain qualifications, an employee acquires a vested right to future
benefits. The benefits payable under the plans are generally determined on the basis of an employee s length of service and/or earnings. Employer contributions to the plans are made, as necessary, to ensure legal funding requirements
are satisfied. In addition, from time to time, we may make contributions in excess of the legal funding requirements. As part of the Separation Transactions described in Note 3, Discontinued Operations , pension plans that were directly related to the discontinued operations were transferred with the other assets
and liabilities of the disposed businesses. The Fortune Brands pension plans that related to the Fortune
Brands corporate operations remained with Beam following the Spin-Off. However, pursuant to the Spin-Off agreements a portion of these corporate pension plan assets and liabilities that related to Fortune Brands corporate employees that obtained
employment with Home Security subsequent to the Spin-Off were transferred to Home Security (the corporate plan transfer ). The historical information (pre-Spin-Off) presented in the footnote below has not been recast
as it was impracticable to do so and the related effects are insignificant to the amounts presented. The related assets and liabilities are shown as transfers out in the plan asset and obligation activity tables below. 
 During the third quarter of 2011, the Company amended certain of its pension plans in the U.S. to freeze the accrual of
future benefits effective at December 31, 2011. This freeze relates to Beam non-union employees. The
Company provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to certain retirees. Many employees and retirees outside the United States are covered by government health care programs. 
 Pension Plans The following tables provide a reconciliation of the changes in the benefit obligations and fair value of assets for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 (in millions): 

U.S. 

International 

2011 

2010 

2011 

2010 

Change in projected benefit obligation PBO 

Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year 

333.6 

305.7 

94.6 

89.5 

Service cost 

5.1 

5.5 

2.1 

2.1 

Interest cost 

18.4 

18.2 

5.1 

4.7 

Actuarial loss 

52.8 

18.7 

5.8 

4.3 

Benefits paid 

(27.4) 

(14.5) 

(4.8) 

(5.0) 
 
 Plan curtailment (gain) loss 

(29.4) 

0.8 

Transfer to Home Security related to the Spin-Off 

(9.0) 

Special termination benefits 

13.5 

Foreign exchange rate changes 

(2.7) 

(1.8) 

Projected benefit obligation at end of year 

357.6 

333.6 

100.1 

94.6 

Accumulated benefit obligation at end of year (excludes the impact of future compensation increases) 

356.9 

294.4 

91.7 

86.8 

Change in plan assets 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

271.0 

223.0 

76.3 

70.3 

Actual (loss) return on plan assets 

(0.6) 

33.1 

0.3 

7.3 

Employer contributions 

3.5 

29.4 

4.4 

4.9 

Transfer to Home Security related to the Spin-Off 

(1.8) 

Benefits paid 

(27.4) 

(14.5) 

(4.8) 

(5.0) 
 
 Foreign exchange rate changes 

(1.4) 

(1.2) 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

244.7 

271.0 

74.8 

76.3 

Funded Status (Fair value of plan assets less PBO) 

(112.9) 

(62.6) 

(25.3) 

(18.3) 
 
 65 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 Amounts recognized in the balance sheet consist of (in millions):

U.S. 

International 

2011 

2010 

2011 

2010 

Prepaid pension benefit 

0.7 

2.4 

Current benefit payment liability 

(31.2) 

(2.5) 

(0.8) 

(0.8) 
 
 Accrued benefit liability 

(81.7) 

(60.1) 

(25.2) 

(19.9) 

Net amount recognized 

(112.9) 

(62.6) 

(25.3) 

(18.3) 
 The amounts included in accumulated OCI consist of the following (in millions): 

U.S. 

International 

2011 

2010 

2011 

2010 

Net actuarial loss 

166.0 

132.0 

16.6 

7.7 

Net prior service cost 

4.0 

8.6 

0.6 

0.5 

Total 

170.0 

140.6 

17.2 

8.2 
 
 Approximately 5 million for U.S. plans and 1 million for international plans of amounts
in accumulated other comprehensive income are expected to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost in 2012, primarily relating to net actuarial losses. 
 In addition, the Company expects a settlement charge of approximately 15 million in connection with the expected second
quarter 2012 settlement of pension liabilities related to certain former Fortune executives. The pension
benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plans assets for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets are shown below (in millions). 

U.S. 

International 

2011 

2010 

2011 

2010 

Projected benefit obligation 

357.6 

333.6 

42.0 

40.6 

Accumulated benefit obligation 

356.9 

294.4 

39.1 

38.9 

Fair value of plan assets 

244.7 

271.0 

19.1 

19.9 
 
 Components of net periodic benefit cost from continuing operations were as follows:

U.S. 

International 

2011 

2010 

2009 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Service cost 

5.1 

5.5 

5.5 

2.1 

2.1 

1.8 

Interest cost 

18.4 

18.2 

17.9 

5.1 

4.7 

4.6 

Expected return on plan assets 

(22.7) 

(23.1) 

(21.7) 

(5.1) 

(4.4) 

(3.7) 
 
 Amortization of net loss 

8.0 

7.8 

5.6 

0.3 

0.3 

0.4 

Curtailment and settlement loss 

4.0 

0.2 

6.9 

0.6 

0.9 

0.4 

Net periodic benefit cost 

12.8 

8.6 

14.2 

3.0 

3.6 

3.5 
 
 During 2011, in addition to the net periodic benefit cost shown above, the Company
recognized costs of 13.5 million related to special postretirement termination benefits for certain departing executives as a result of the Separation Transactions. These costs are included within business separation costs in the consolidated
statement of income. The weighted-average assumptions used to determine future benefit obligations at
December 31, 2011 and 2010 are as follows: 

U.S. 

International 

2011 

2010 

2011 

2010 

Discount rate 

4.9 

5.8 

5.1 

5.4 

Rate of compensation increase 

4.0 

4.0 

3.6 

3.7 

66 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 The weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit
cost for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009 are as follows: 

U.S. 

International 

2011 

2010 

2009 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Discount rate 

5.6 

6.0 

6.5 

5.4 

5.6 

6.6 

Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 

8.3 

8.6 

8.6 

6.4 

6.4 

6.4 

Rate of compensation increase 

4.0 

4.0 

4.0 

3.7 

3.9 

3.9 
 
 Expected Return on Plan Assets 
 Our expected blended long-term rate of return on plan assets is determined based on long-term historical performance of
plan assets, current asset allocation and projected long-term rates of return from pension investment consultants. 
 67 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 Fair Value of Plan Assets 
 U.S. pension plan assets by major category of plan assets and the type of fair value measurement as of December 31, 2011 and 2010
were as follows (in millions): 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

Balance at December 31, 2011 

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets 

Level 2
 Significant other observable inputs 

Level 3 Significant unobservable inputs 

Cash and cash equivalents 

5.1 

5.1 

Commingled funds: 

Equities: 

U.S. 

96.6 

96.6 

International 

46.0 

46.0 

Fixed income 

76.6 

76.6 

Multi-strategy hedge 

9.1 

9.1 

Real estate 

11.3 

11.3 

Total 

244.7 

224.3 

20.4 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

Balance at December 31, 2010 

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets 

Level 2
 Significant other observable inputs 

Level 3 Significant unobservable inputs 

Cash and cash equivalents 

1.3 

1.3 

Equities: 

Company stock 

56.2 

56.2 

U.S. 

60.3 

60.3 

International 

16.7 

16.7 

Fixed Income 

35.1 

35.1 

Commingled funds: 

Equities: 

U.S. 

13.7 

13.7 

International 

14.7 

14.7 

Fixed income 

53.9 

53.9 

Multi-strategy hedge 

9.3 

9.3 

Real estate 

9.8 

9.8 

Total 

271.0 

134.5 

117.4 

19.1 

A reconciliation of Level 3 measurements for assets of U.S. pension plans for the years ended December 31, 2011 and
2010 was as follows (in millions): 

00.0 

00.0 

00.0 

Commingled Funds 

Multi-strategy hedge funds 

Real estate 

Total 

Balance at January 1, 2010 

8.6 

5.5 

14.1 

Actual return on assets related to assets still held 

0.7 

0.8 

1.5 

Purchases, sales, and settlements, net 

3.5 

3.5 

Balance at December 31, 2010 

9.3 

9.8 

19.1 

Actual return on assets related to assets still held 

(0.2) 

1.5 

1.3 

Balance at December 31, 2011 

9.1 

11.3 

20.4 

68 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 International pension plan assets by major category of plan assets and
the type of fair value measurement as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 were as follows (in millions): 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

Balance at December 31, 2011 

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets 

Level 2
 Significant other observable inputs 

Level 3 Significant unobservable inputs 

Cash and cash equivalents 

0.5 

0.5 

Group annuity/insurance contracts 

20.9 

20.9 

Commingled funds: 

Equities: 

U.S. 

6.7 

6.7 

International 

24.8 

24.8 

Fixed income 

19.6 

19.6 

Real estate 

2.3 

2.0 

0.3 

Total 

74.8 

53.6 

21.2 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

Balance at December 31, 2010 

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets 

Level 2
 Significant other observable inputs 

Level 3 Significant unobservable inputs 

Group annuity/insurance contracts 

22.7 

22.7 

Commingled funds: 

Equities: 

U.S. 

6.4 

6.4 

International 

30.8 

30.8 

Fixed income 

15.9 

15.9 

Real estate 

0.3 

0.3 

Mutual funds 

0.2 

0.2 

Total 

76.3 

0.2 

53.1 

23.0 

A reconciliation of Level 3 measurements for assets of international pension plans for the
years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 was as follows (in millions): 

Group annuity/ insurance contracts 

Comingled Funds - Real 
estate 

Total 

Balance at January 1, 2010 

23.7 

0.3 

24.0 

Actual return on assets related to assets still held 

1.8 

1.8 

Purchases, sales and settlements, net 

(1.3) 

(1.3) 
 
 Currency impact 

(1.5) 

(1.5) 

Balance at December 31, 2010 

22.7 

0.3 

23.0 

Actual return on assets related to assets still held 

0.1 

0.1 

Purchases, sales, and settlements, net 

(1.2) 

(1.2) 
 
 Currency impact 

(0.7) 

(0.7) 

Balance at December 31, 2011 

20.9 

0.3 

21.2 

69 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 Our defined benefit trusts own a variety of assets including equity, fixed income, and
real estate securities as well as group annuity/insurance contracts and commingled funds. Commingled trust fund valuations are based on the net asset value (NAV) of the funds as determined by the administrator of the fund and reviewed by
us. NAV represents the underlying assets owned by the fund, minus liabilities and divided by the number of shares or units outstanding. Equity securities are traded on national stock exchanges and are valued at daily closing prices. Fixed
income securities are valued at daily closing prices or institutional mid-evaluation prices provided by independent industry-recognized pricing sources. Real estate securities are valued based on recent market appraisals of underlying property as
well as valuation methodologies to determine the most probable cash price in a competitive market. Valuations of group annuity/insurance contracts are based on daily closing prices of underlying securities or institutional evaluation prices
consistent with industry practices. Investment Policy and Strategy 
 Our investment strategy is to optimize investment returns through a diversified portfolio of investments, taking into consideration
underlying plan liabilities and asset volatility. The U.S. defined benefit asset allocation policy allows for an equity allocation of 45 to 75 , a fixed income allocation of 25 to 50 , a cash allocation of up to 25 and other investments up
to 20 . Non-U.S. investment asset allocation targets may differ depending on the country, allowing up to 90 equity, 100 fixed investments and up to 20 in real estate. Asset allocations are based on the underlying liability structure and
local regulations. All retirement asset allocations are reviewed periodically to ensure the allocation meets the needs of the liability structure. Cash Flows Contributions 
 Based on current assumptions, the Company expects to contribute approximately 31.2 million and 3.2 million, respectively, to its U.S.
and international pension plans during 2012. The expected contribution amount related to U.S. pension plans in 2012 includes approximately 30 million for the required settlement of pension liabilities for certain former Fortune executives.
 Estimated Future Retirement Benefit Payments Estimated future benefit payments for pension plans are as follows at December 31, 2011 (in millions): 

U.S. 

International 

2012 

45.8 

4.9 

2013 

16.7 

4.0 

2014 

17.2 

4.4 

2015 

17.7 

4.3 

2016 

18.1 

4.3 

Years 2017-2021 

97.9 

24.6 
 
 Estimated future retirement benefits payments above are estimates and could change significantly based on
differences between actuarial assumptions and actual events and decisions related to lump sum distribution options that are available to participants in certain plans. 
 70 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 Other Post-Retirement Benefit Plans 
 The following tables provide a reconciliation of the changes in the benefit obligations and fair value of assets for the years ended
December 31, 2011 and 2010, for the Company s other postretirement benefit plans (in millions): 

2011 

2010 

Change in projected benefit obligation PBO 

Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year 

14.4 

15.8 

Service cost 

0.4 

0.4 

Interest cost 

0.7 

0.7 

Actuarial gain 

(0.8) 

(0.2) 
 
 Participants contributions 

0.3 

0.3 

Benefits paid 

(1.2) 

(1.1) 
 
 Plan curtailment gain 

(0.8) 

Plan amendments 

(1.5) 

Projected benefit obligation at end of year 

13.0 

14.4 

Change in plan assets 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Employer contributions 

0.9 

0.8 

Participants contributions 

0.3 

0.3 

Benefits paid 

(1.2) 

(1.1) 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Funded Status (Fair value of plan assets less PBO) 

(13.0) 

(14.4) 

Amounts recognized in the balance sheet consist of (in millions): 

2011 

2010 

Current benefit payment liability 

(1.2) 

(1.3) 
 
 Accrued benefit liability 

(11.8) 

(13.1) 

Net amount recognized 

(13.0) 

(14.4) 
 The amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive income consist of the following, for the
Company s other postretirement benefit plans, (in millions): 

2011 

2010 

Net actuarial gain 

2.3 

0.8 

Net prior service credit 

5.0 

13.3 

Total 

7.3 

14.1 

Approximately 3.6 million of amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income are expected to be
recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost in 2012, primarily relating to amortization of prior service credits for certain other postretirement benefit plans. Components of net periodic benefit (income) cost from continuing operations were as follows, for the Company s other postretirement benefit plans (in millions): 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Service cost 

0.4 

0.4 

0.7 

Interest cost 

0.7 

0.7 

1.5 

Amortization of prior service credit 

(4.4) 

(4.5) 

(1.8) 
 
 Curtailment gain 

(4.1) 

Net periodic benefit (income) cost 

(7.4) 

(3.4) 

0.4 

71 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 The weighted-average assumptions used to determine future benefit obligations at
December 31, 2011 and 2010 are as follows: 

2011 

2010 

Discount rate 

4.8 

5.3 
 
 The weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009 are as follows: 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Discount rate 

5.1 

5.8 

6.5 
 
 The weighted-average health care trend rates used to determine future benefit obligations and net period
benefit cost at December 31, 2011 and 2010 are as follows: 

2011 

2010 

Medical and Prescription Drug 

Medical and Prescription Drug 

Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 

8.0 

8.0 

Rate that the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) 

5.0 

5.0 

Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 

2016 

2015 
 
 A one-percentage-point increase/decrease in assumed health care cost trend rates would increase/decrease
the postretirement benefit obligation by 0.5 million. The impact of a one-percentage point increase/decrease on the service and interest cost is not significant. Cash Flows Based on current assumptions, the Company expects to
contribute approximately 1.2 million to its retiree healthcare plan during 2012. Estimated future benefit payments for the Company s retiree healthcare plan are approximately 1 million per year for the next five years and an aggregate of 5
million for the five years thereafter. Estimated future retirement benefits payments above are estimates and could change
significantly based on differences between actuarial assumptions and actual events. Defined Contribution Plan Contributions
 We sponsor a number of defined contribution plans. Contributions are determined under various formulas. The expense
recognized for these plans was 13.0 million, 12.6 million, and 11.8 million in 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. 
 72 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

18. 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 Legal Tobacco Litigation and Indemnification On
December 22, 1994, we sold The American Tobacco Company (ATCO) subsidiary to Brown Williamson Tobacco Corporation (now known as Brown Williamson Holding, Inc.) (B W). In connection with the sale, B W and ATCO,
which subsequently merged into B W, agreed, under an Indemnification Agreement (the Indemnification Agreement), to indemnify the Company against claims including legal expenses arising from smoking and health and fire safe cigarette matters
relating to the tobacco business of ATCO. On July 30, 2004, B W and R.J. Reynolds Tobacco
Holdings, Inc. announced that they had completed the combination of their respective U.S. tobacco businesses, previously conducted by B W (and ATCO) and R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., by forming a new combined company known
as R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company. As a result of the combination and in accordance with the Indemnification Agreement, the new R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company assumed the indemnification obligations under the Indemnification Agreement relating to the
U.S. business previously conducted by B W (and ATCO). B W has not been released from any of its obligations under the Indemnification Agreement. We refer to B W and the new R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company as the
 Indemnitor under the Indemnification Agreement. The Indemnitor has complied with the terms of the
Indemnification Agreement since 1994, and we are not aware of any inability on the part of the Indemnitor to satisfy its indemnity obligations. Numerous legal actions, proceedings and claims are pending in various jurisdictions against leading tobacco manufacturers, including B W both individually and as successor by merger to ATCO, based
upon allegations that cancer and other ailments have resulted from tobacco use. The Company has been named as a defendant in some of these cases. These claims have generally fallen within three categories: (i) smoking and health cases alleging
personal injury brought on behalf of individual plaintiffs, (ii) smoking and health cases alleging personal injury and other damages and purporting to be brought on behalf of classes of individual plaintiffs, and (iii) health care cost
recovery cases, including class actions, brought by foreign governments, unions, health trusts, taxpayers and others seeking reimbursement for health care expenditures allegedly caused by cigarette smoking. Damages claimed in some of the cases range
into the billions of dollars. It is not possible to predict the outcome of the pending tobacco-related
litigation, and it is possible that some of these actions could be decided unfavorably. Management is unable to make a reasonable estimate of the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the pending litigation.
Management believes that there are a number of meritorious defenses to the pending actions, including the fact that the Company never made or sold tobacco, and these actions are being vigorously contested by the Indemnitor. Management believes that
the pending actions will not have a material adverse effect upon the results of operations, cash flows or financial condition of the Company because it believes it has meritorious defenses, and because the Company is indemnified under the
Indemnification Agreement. On September 14, 2011, in connection with the Spin-Off, the Company agreed to
indemnify Home Security for any losses arising from smoking and health or fire-safe cigarette matters relating to the tobacco business of any of the Company s predecessors or former subsidiaries. 
 Other Litigation From time to time the Company is subject to various other lawsuits, claims, disputes and investigations in the normal conduct of its operations. These include, but are not limited to, commercial disputes,
including purported class actions, employment claims, actions by tax and customs authorities, and environmental matters. Some of these legal proceedings include claims for substantial or unspecified damages. We believe that there are meritorious
defenses to these actions and are contesting them vigorously. We do not believe that any currently pending legal proceedings to which we are a party will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
 Guarantees Three of our 50 -owned foreign joint ventures have euro-denominated credit facilities, which we have partially guaranteed. Our maximum guarantee exposure, assuming the credit facilities are fully
utilized, is a total U.S. dollar equivalent of 22.2 million, of which our guarantee exposure was 16.2 million based on facilities utilized at December 31, 2011. The Company has not recorded a liability for these guarantees. 
 73 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 We also guarantee a lease for ACCO World Corporation, the office
products business we divested in a spin-off in 2005. The liability related to this guarantee is not material. We will continue to guarantee payment of certain real estate leases, with lease payments totaling approximately 9.9 million, through April
2013. As part of the sale of the Golf business we agreed to indemnify the buyer for certain estimated tax
related obligations that will be paid by the buyer, but that relate to periods during which we owned the Golf business. Our estimate of our liabilities for these tax indemnifications is approximately 40 million and is recorded as a liability
in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2011. Our actual obligation may differ based on closure of the tax period with the taxing authorities. Environmental We are subject to laws and
regulations relating to the protection of the environment. At December 31, 2011 and 2010, environmental accruals amounted to 8.6 million and 10.9 million, respectively, and are included in non-current liabilities on the balance sheet. It is
not possible to quantify with certainty the potential impact of actions relating to environmental matters, particularly remediation and other compliance efforts that our subsidiaries may undertake in the future, due to the status of laws,
regulations, technology and information related to individual sites and other uncertainties. We are involved in remediation actions to clean up hazardous wastes as required by federal and state laws. Based on our evaluation of the cleanup cost
estimates and the compliance programs, we do not believe there is a reasonable possibility that a material loss exceeding the amounts already recognized will be incurred. Liabilities for remediation costs at each site are based on our best estimate
of undiscounted future costs. Commitments 
 Purchase obligations include contracts for raw materials and finished goods purchases; advertising, selling, and
administrative services; and capital expenditures. The Company s purchase obligations as of December 31, 2011 were (in millions): 

Payments Due by Period as of December 31, 2011 

Total 

2012 

2013-2014 

2015-2016 

Thereafter 

Purchase obligations 

209.2 

127.1 

55.2 

26.6 

0.3 
 
 Customer Concentration 
 In each of the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, two customers accounted in the aggregate for
approximately 30 of total sales, one of which includes the impact of the Company s 50 owned joint ventures with TEG. 

19. 
 2.67 Convertible Preferred Stock Redeemable at the Company s Option 
 We have 60 million authorized shares of preferred stock. There were 153,710 and 160,729 shares of
the 2.67 Convertible Preferred stock issued and outstanding at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Reacquired, redeemed or converted authorized shares that are not outstanding are required to be retired or restored to the status of
authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock without series designation. The holders of 2.67 Convertible Preferred stock are entitled to cumulative dividends, three-tenths of a vote per share together with holders of common stock
(in certain events, to the exclusion of the common shares), preference in liquidation over holders of common stock of 30.50 per share plus accrued dividends and to convert each share of Convertible Preferred stock into 8.411 shares of
common stock. Authorized but unissued shares of common stock are reserved for issuance upon the conversions, but treasury shares may be and are delivered. Holders converted 7,019 and 10,409 shares of Preferred stock into common stock during 2011 and
2010, respectively. The Company may redeem the Convertible Preferred stock at a price of 30.50 per share, plus accrued dividends. The Company paid cash dividends of 2.67 per share of preferred stock in the aggregate amount of 0.4 million in both the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 and 0.5 million in the year ended
December 31, 2009. 
 74 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

20. 
 Capital Stock 
 We have 750 million authorized shares of common stock. The number of shares of common stock and
treasury stock and the share activity were as follows: 

Common Shares 

Treasury Shares 

2011 

2010 

2011 

2010 

Balance at the beginning of the year 

153,212,023 

150,397,549 

81,665,513 

84,479,987 

Preferred stock conversion to common stock 

50,584 

68,684 

(50,584) 

(68,684) 
 
 Stock plan shares issued 

2,770,673 

1,197,433 

(2,770,673) 

(1,197,433) 
 
 Shares surrendered by optionees 

(94,168) 

(11,643) 

94,168 

11,643 

Contribution of stock to Beam pension plan 

1,560,000 

(1,560,000) 

Balance at the end of the year 

155,939,112 

153,212,023 

78,938,424 

81,665,513 
 
 The Company paid cash dividends on common stock in the aggregate amount of 117.4 million 0.76 per share), 115.8 million 0.76 per share), and 151.7 million 1.01 per share) for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. 

21. 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) includes activity relating to discontinued operations prior to the
Spin-Off. The components of other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009 are as follows (in millions): 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Foreign currency translation (losses) gains 

(189.7) 

42.0 

293.3 

Reclassifications adjustments included in earnings 

(39.6) 

1.3 

Tax benefit (expense) 

3.8 

(17.3) 

(5.2) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments, net 

(225.5) 

26.0 

288.1 

Derivative instruments losses 

(12.4) 

(9.3) 

(19.0) 
 
 Reclassifications adjustments included in earnings 

21.2 

10.6 

(22.0) 
 
 Tax (expense) benefit 

(2.1) 

1.5 

1.8 

Derivative instruments, net 

6.7 

2.8 

(39.2) 
 
 Current year actuarial loss pension plans 

(112.7) 

(1.8) 

(23.6) 
 
 Current year actuarial gain (loss) other postretirement benefit plans 

1.8 

(0.3) 

10.8 

Current year prior service cost other postretirement benefit plans 

10.8 

Reclassification adjustments included in earnings 

73.9 

21.2 

32.4 

Tax benefit (expense) 

15.9 

(8.1) 

(12.7) 

Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments, net 

(21.1) 

11.0 

17.7 

Other comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Beam Inc. stockholders 

(239.9) 

39.8 

266.6 

Reclassification adjustments included in earnings related to pension and other
postretirement benefits includes amortization of actuarial gains (losses) and prior service credits (costs) and the recognition of actuarial gains and prior service cost related to curtailments and settlements. Reclassification adjustments in 2011
include amounts recorded to earnings due to the sale of the Golf business. See Note 17, Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits , for more information. The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, are as follows (in millions): 

2011 

2010 

Foreign currency adjustments 

(195.5) 

85.1 

Derivative instruments 

4.2 

(1.9) 
 
 Pension and other postretirement adjustments 

(112.8) 

(255.2) 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(304.1) 

(172.0) 
 
 75 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

22. 
 Segment Information 
 In connection with the Separation Transactions as described in Note 3, Discontinued Operations ,
we re-evaluated our reportable segments as a standalone spirits company. Our three operating segments, which are also our reportable segments, are: North America, EMEA (Europe/Middle East/Africa), and APSA (Asia-Pacific/South America). Our
reportable segments are based on internal organization of the business used by management for making operating decisions and assessing performance. Key countries/markets included in North America are: Canada, Mexico, and the U.S. Key
countries/markets included in EMEA are: Spain, United Kingdom, Germany, Russia, Turkey, Ireland, Italy, Hungary, Czech Republic, Romania, South Africa, North America Duty Free, and Europe Travel Retail. Key countries/markets included in APSA are:
Australia, New Zealand, South East Asia, China, Brazil, India, South Korea and Japan. Each operating segment
derives revenues from the sale of distilled spirits. Segment net sales is net sales excluding items considered by management to be unusual or infrequent in nature segment net sales ). The measure of segment profitability regularly
reviewed by the chief operating decision maker (segment operating income) is operating income excluding restructuring, restructuring-related expense, and other items considered by management to be unusual or infrequent in nature segment
income ). Unallocated corporate costs in both periods reflect the estimated, incremental historical Fortune Brands corporate structure as compared to the estimated Beam corporate structure following the Spin-Off. 
 Financial information for each segment is presented in the tables below. Asset information by segment is not presented as
this information is not provided to or reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision maker. 

(In millions) 
 
 2011 

2010 

2009 

Net sales: 

North America 

1,271.5 

1,161.8 

1,090.9 

EMEA 

505.9 

477.8 

489.3 

APSA 

487.4 

455.3 

400.1 

Segment net sales 

2,264.8 

2,094.9 

1,980.3 

One-time impact of Australia distribution agreement 

46.3 

Consolidated net sales 

2,311.1 

2,094.9 

1,980.3 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes: 

North America 

360.9 

359.8 

354.8 

EMEA 

120.3 

98.7 

120.2 

APSA 

91.0 

93.8 

98.5 

Total segment income 

572.2 

552.3 

573.5 

Restructuring charges (Note 7) 

7.7 

15.4 

28.8 

Other charges (Note 7) 

133.0 

28.8 

97.7 

Unallocated corporate costs 

36.0 

51.9 

47.9 

Consolidated operating income 

395.5 

456.2 

399.1 

Interest expense 

117.4 

143.7 

143.6 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

149.2 

Other (income) expense 

(40.4) 

(33.2) 

7.5 

Income from continuing operations before income tax 

169.3 

345.7 

248.0 

Depreciation expense: 

North America 

43.9 

37.9 

33.6 

EMEA 

24.6 

25.3 

20.5 

APSA 

22.4 

21.7 

17.9 

Depreciation expense 

90.9 

84.9 

72.0 

Amortization of intangible assets: 

North America 

7.9 

7.2 

8.1 

EMEA 

4.4 

4.9 

4.9 

APSA 

4.0 

4.2 

4.3 

Amortization of intangible assets 

16.3 

16.3 

17.3 

Refer to Note 7, Restructuring and Other Charges , for more information on
restructuring charges and other charges. 
 76 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 Net sales and long-lived assets by location are as follows (in millions): 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Net sales (a) : 

United States 

1,163.8 

1,034.6 

981.9 

Australia 

289.7 

246.2 

243.3 

All other countries 

857.6 

814.1 

755.1 

Total net sales 

2,311.1 

2,094.9 

1,980.3 

Long-lived assets: 

United States 

359.8 

321.5 

Spain 

164.3 

173.3 

All other countries 

205.6 

173.4 

Total long-lived assets 

729.7 

668.2 

(a) 
 Based on country of destination. 

23. 
 Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 
 The Company began reporting its former Golf segment as a discontinued operation beginning in the
quarter ended June 30, 2011 and its former Home Security segment as a discontinued operation beginning in the quarter ended December 31, 2011. Prior period results have been reclassified to conform to the discontinued operations
presentation. Selected quarterly financial data for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 are as follows (in millions, except per share data): 

2011 

First Quarter b 

Second Quarter c 

Third Quarter d) 

Fourth Quarter e 

Net sales (a) 

524.0 

570.4 

579.2 

637.5 

Gross profit 

294.4 

328.7 

335.8 

364.4 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

61.7 

62.4 

(82.0) 

91.2 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

21.5 

267.6 

495.8 

(2.7) 
 
 Net income 

83.2 

330.0 

413.8 

88.5 

Net income attributable to Beam Inc. 

81.2 

328.6 

413.1 

88.5 

Basic earnings (loss) per Beam Inc. common share 

Continuing operations 

0.40 

0.40 

(0.53) 

0.59 

Discontinued operations 

0.13 

1.73 

3.20 

(0.02) 

Net income 

0.53 

2.13 

2.67 

0.57 

Diluted earnings (loss) per Beam Inc. common share 

Continuing operations 

0.39 

0.40 

(0.53) 

0.58 

Discontinued operations 

0.13 

1.69 

3.20 

(0.02) 

Net income 

0.52 

2.09 

2.67 

0.56 

2010 

First Quarter 

Second Quarter f 

Third Quarter g 

Fourth Quarter h 

Net sales a 

446.7 

503.5 

514.8 

629.9 

Gross profit 

260.2 

304.5 

308.8 

356.4 

Income from continuing operations 

42.6 

131.3 

56.1 

79.5 

Income from discontinued operations 

31.8 

98.1 

48.6 

7.9 

Net income 

74.4 

229.4 

104.7 

87.5 

Net income attributable to Beam Inc. 

72.2 

227.4 

102.6 

85.4 

Basic earnings per Beam Inc. common share 

Continuing operations 

0.28 

0.86 

0.37 

0.52 

Discontinued operations 

0.20 

0.63 

0.30 

0.04 

Net Income 

0.48 

1.49 

0.67 

0.56 

Diluted earnings per Beam Inc. common share 

Continuing operations 

0.28 

0.85 

0.36 

0.51 

Discontinued operations 

0.19 

0.63 

0.30 

0.04 

Net income 

0.47 

1.48 

0.66 

0.55 

77 

BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

(a) 
 Net sales have been reduced by 148.9 million, 132.5 million, 128.0 million and 151.1 million for the first, second, third, and fourth quarters in 2011,
respectively, and by 126.4 million, 128.0 million, 128.3 million and 188.3 million for the first, second, third, and fourth quarters in 2010, respectively, for excise taxes related to continuing operations that were previously within Cost
of goods sold and are now classified as a reduction of sales as described in Note 1, Description of Business, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Changes in Basis of Presentation and Accounting. 

(b) 
 Unusual items impacting the quarter ended March 31, 2011 include (on a pre-tax basis): 46.3 million favorable one-time sales impact and 23.6 million favorable
one-time operating income impact associated with transition to our new long-term distribution agreement in Australia and 9.2 million related to business separation costs. 

(c) 
 Unusual items impacting the quarter ended June 30, 2011 include (on a pre-tax basis): 8.1 million for business separation costs. 

(d) 
 Unusual items impacting the quarter ended September 30, 2011 include (on a pre-tax basis): 134.0 million loss on early extinguishment of debt, 68.6 million of
business separation costs, 25.0 million of acquisition-related contingent consideration, and 7.6 million gain related to a distribution from our Maxxium investment. 

(e) 
 Unusual items impacting the quarter ended December 31, 2011 include (on a pre-tax basis): 31.3 million for impairment of tradenames, 19 million tax benefit
related to the resolution of routine foreign tax audits, and 15.2 million loss on early extinguishment of debt. 

(f) 
 Unusual items impacting the quarter ended June 30, 2010 include (on a pre-tax basis): 42.4 million tax benefit and 25.6 million tax indemnification income
related to the resolution of routine foreign tax audits. 

(g) 
 Unusual items impacting the quarter ended September 30, 2010 include (on a pre-tax basis): 14.5 million for restructuring charges and 8.6 million loss on sale of
brands and related assets. 

(h) 
 Unusual items impacting the quarter ended December 31, 2010 include (on a pre-tax basis): 7.4 million loss on sale of brands and related assets and 5.3 million
for income tax credits related to the resolution of a routine foreign tax audit. 

24. 
 Subsequent Event 
 In the first quarter of 2012, the Company acquired all outstanding common shares of Cooley Distillery
plc, an award-winning independent Irish whiskey producer. The purchase price was approximately 95 million, including the repayment of outstanding debt. The acquisition will be included in Beam s consolidated financial statements from the date
of acquisition. 

 78 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Beam Inc: In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(1) present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Beam Inc. and its
subsidiaries at December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2011 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and
for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these
financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company changed its presentation of excise taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities on a gross basis to presenting them on a net basis. A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Chicago, Illinois
 February 28, 2012 
 79 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company s management has evaluated, with the participation of the
Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the
period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by
this report. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our evaluation under the framework in
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the COSO, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2011. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in
this report, has also audited the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011, as stated in their report included herein. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have not been
any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2011 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 The report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting is provided in Item 8.
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. None.
 
 80 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. See the information under the captions Election of Directors, Board Committees Audit Committee and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance contained in
the 2012 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. The Company s Board of Directors has
adopted a Code of Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial Officers that applies to the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer and controller. The Code of Ethics for the CEO and Senior
Financial Officers is available, free of charge, on the Company s website, www.beamglobal.com. A copy of the Code of Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial Officers is also available and will be sent to shareholders free of charge upon written
request to the Company s Secretary. Any amendment to, or waiver from, the provisions of the Code of Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial Officers that applies to any of those officers will be posted to the same location on the Company s
website. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 See the information under the captions Board Committees Compensation and Benefits Committee, 2011
Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Compensation and Benefits Committee Report contained in the 2012 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 See the information under the captions Certain Information Regarding Security Holdings and Equity Compensation Plan
Information contained in the 2012 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. See the information under the captions Director Independence, Board Committees, Policies with Respect to Transactions with Related Persons and Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions contained in the 2012 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. See the information under the captions Fees of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services in the 2012 Proxy Statement, which
information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 81 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules and Exhibits. 

(1) 
 Financial Statements (all financial statements listed below are of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries): 
 Consolidated Statement of Income for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 contained in Item 8 hereof.
 Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 contained in Item 8 hereof. 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 contained in Item 8 hereof.
 Consolidated Statement of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 contained in
Item 8 hereof. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 hereof. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm contained in Item 8 hereof. 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules are omitted because the required information is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

2 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions 

2.1 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of May 19, 2011 by and between the Company and Alexandria Operations Corp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2011, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(i) 
 Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase Agreement dated July 29, 2011 by and between the Company and Alexandria Operations Corp. (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 2.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2011, Commission file number 1-9076). 

2.2 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement dated as of September 27, 2011 by and between the Company and Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2011, Commission file number 1-9076). 

3 
 Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws 

3(i) 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2011,
Commission file number 1-9076). 

3(ii) 
 By-laws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2011, Commission file number 1-9076).

4 
 Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders 

4.1 
 Indenture dated as of July 15, 1988 between the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank (as successor to Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company), as Trustee JPMorgan
Chase (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4a to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 27, 1989, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(i) 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 14, 1990 between the Company and JPMorgan Chase (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4b to our Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on November 19, 1990, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(ii) 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 1, 1991 between the Company and JPMorgan Chase (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4c to our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on October 10, 1991, Commission file number 1-9076). 
 82 

(iii) 
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 28, 1997 between the Company and JPMorgan Chase (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4a1 to our Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 1997, Commission file number 1-9076). 

4.2 
 Indenture dated as of April 15, 1999 between the Company and JPMorgan Chase (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
December 10, 1999, Commission file number 1-9076). 

4.3 
 Conformed copy of the Fiscal Agency Agreement dated February 1, 2006 between the Company and JPMorgan Chase (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2006, Commission file number 1-9076). 

4.4 
 Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and GreatBanc Trust Company, as investment manager of the accounts held under the Beam Inc. (formerly, Fortune Brands
Inc.) Master Retirement Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2010, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10 
 Material Contracts 
 Management Contracts and Compensatory Plans and Arrangements 

10.1 
 Annual Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to our Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 9, 2007, Commission file
number 1-9076). 

10.2 
 1999 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10a1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2003,
Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.3 
 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to our Proxy Statement filed on March 12, 2003, Commission file number 1-9076).

(i) 
 Amendment to the 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10a1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2004,
Commission file number 1-9076). 

(ii) 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Notice and Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10a1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period
ended September 30, 2004, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(iii) 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Notice and Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10b1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period
ended September 30, 2004, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(iv) 
 Amendment to the 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2005, Commission
file number 1-9076). 

(v) 
 September 2005 Nonqualified Stock Option Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30,
2005, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(vi) 
 September 2005 Incentive Stock Option Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30,
2005, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(vii) 
 September 2006 Nonqualified Stock Option Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2006, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(viii) 
 September 2006 Incentive Stock Option Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2006, Commission file number 1-9076). 
 83 

(ix) 
 Amendment to the 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30,
2007, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.4 
 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to our Proxy Statement filed on March 9, 2007, Commission file number 1-9076).

(i) 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2007, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(ii) 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2007, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(iii) 
 February 2008 Nonqualified Stock Option Terms and Conditions for an award made to Bruce A. Carbonari (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to our Annual Report on
Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(iv) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between the Company and certain executives (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
February 28, 2008, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(v) 
 First Amendment to the 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2008,
Commission file number 1-9076). 

(vi) 
 Form of 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between the Company and certain executives (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2009, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(vii) 
 Second Amendment to the 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2009,
Commission file number 1-9076). 

(viii) 
 Form of Performance Award Notice and Terms and Conditions for 2009-2011 Awards (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
period ended March 31, 2009, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(ix) 
 Performance Award Notice and Agreement between the Company and Bruce A. Carbonari for the July 1, 2009 to June 30, 2011 award granted on July 27, 2009
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2009, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(x) 
 Form of Amendment to the Restricted Stock Unit Agreements for awards granted to certain executives on February 25, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2009, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(xi) 
 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between the Company and Patrick J. Koley effective February 3, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(xii) 
 September 2009 Nonqualified Stock Option Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2009, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(xiii) 
 February 2010 Nonqualified Stock Option Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2010, Commission file number 1-9076). 
 84 

(xiv) 
 
 Form of Performance Award Notice and Terms and Conditions for 2010-2012 awards (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 31, 2010, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(xv) 
 
 Form of Amendment to February 2009, July 2009 and February 2010 Performance Stock Awards Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2010, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(xvi) 
 
 February 2011 Nonqualified Stock Option Terms and Conditions. 

(xvii) 
 
 Form of Performance Award Notice and Terms and Conditions for 2011-2013 awards. 

(xviii) 
 
 Form of 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between the Company and certain executives. 

10.5 
 Supplemental Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2007, Commission file
number 1-9076). 

(i) 
 Form of Trust Agreement among the Company, The Northern Trust Company Northern ), et al. establishing an aggregate rabbi trust in favor of certain executive
officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10h1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(ii) 
 Form of Amended and Restated Trust Agreement among the Company, Northern, et al. establishing an employee grantor trust in favor of certain executive officers
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10i1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(iii) 
 Schedule identifying employee grantor Trust Agreements in favor of certain executives (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10i2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(iv) 
 Amendment to the Supplemental Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2008, Commission file number
1-9076). 

(v) 
 Second Amendment to the Supplemental Plan (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2008) as of October 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2010, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.6 
 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix C to our Proxy Statement filed on March 7, 2011, Commission file number 1-9076).

(i) 
 First Amendment to the 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Annex A to our additional definitive proxy materials on Schedule 14A filed on
March 29, 2011, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(ii) 
 Form of Founders Grant Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
October 3, 2011, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(iii) 
 Form of Founders Grant Nonqualified Stock Options Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
October 3, 2011, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.7 
 Beam Inc. 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on
November 9, 2011, Commission file number 333-177865). 

10.8 
 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10b1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 1997,
Commission file number 1-9076). 
 85 

(i) 
 1998 Amendment to Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10a1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
June 30, 1998, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(ii) 
 1999 Amendment to Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10b9 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1999, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(iii) 
 2001 Amendment to Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10a1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
March 31, 2001, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(iv) 
 2007 Amendment to Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2007, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.9 
 2002 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10a1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2003, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(i) 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10d1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2004, Commission
file number 1-9076). 

(ii) 
 Amendment to 2002 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2007, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.10 
 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to our Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 14, 2000, Commission file number
1-9076). 

10.11 
 2005 Non-Employee Director Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to our Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 14, 2005, Commission file number
1-9076). 

10.12 
 2010 Non-Employee Director Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to our Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 8, 2010, Commission file number
1-9076). 

10.13 
 Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2007,
Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.14 
 Resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company adopted on October 28, 1986 and July 26, 1988 adopting and amending a retirement plan for directors of
the Company who are not officers or employees of the Company or a subsidiary thereof (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10e1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991, Commission file number 1-9076).

(i) 
 Resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company adopted on July 26, 1994 amending the resolutions regarding a non-employee director retirement plan
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10e2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(ii) 
 Resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company adopted on January 28, 1997 providing for the accrual of benefits under the non-employee director retirement
plan to cease and terminating the non-employee director retirement plan for directors elected after 1997 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006, Commission file
number 1-9076). 

10.15 
 Resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company adopted on July 26, 1988 with respect to retirement and health benefits provided to Mark A. Roche (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10f2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.16 
 Trust Agreement among Moen Incorporated, Northern Trust Company and Bruce A. Carbonari establishing an employee grantor trust for purposes of paying amounts under the
Moen Incorporated Supplemental Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, Commission file number 1-9076). 
 86 

10.17 
 Severance Plan for Vice Presidents, as amended and restated July 15, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
period ended June 30, 2011, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.18 
 Form of Change of Change in Control Agreement between the Company and each of Messrs. Carbonari, Omtvedt, Roche and Hausberg (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2007, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(i) 
 Form of Trust Agreement among the Company, Northern, et al. establishing an aggregate rabbi trust in favor of certain executive officers for purposes of paying amounts
under change in control agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10n1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(ii) 
 Form of Amendment to Change in Control Agreements between the Company and each of Messrs. Carbonari, Omtvedt, Roche and Hausberg (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.36 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.19 
 Severance Agreement dated September 19, 2007 between the Company and Bruce A. Carbonari (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form
8-K filed on September 21, 2007, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.20 
 Letter Agreement dated January 2, 2002 between the Company and Bruce A. Carbonari to provide benefits upon retirement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.81
to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(i) 
 Form of Amendment to the Letter Agreement dated January 2, 2002 between the Company and Bruce A. Carbonari to provide benefits upon retirement (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2008, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.21 
 Form of Severance Agreement between the Company and each of Messrs. Omtvedt, Roche and Hausberg (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form
8-K filed on September 21, 2007, Commission file number 1-9076). 

(i) 
 Form of Amendment to Severance Agreements between the Company and each of Messrs. Carbonari, Omtvedt, Roche and Hausberg (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.22 
 Agreement for the Payment of Benefits Following Termination of Employment between the Company and Mr. Koley dated April 28, 2009 (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.50 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009). 

10.23 
 Form of Agreement for the Payment of Benefits Following Termination of Employment dated as of October 4, 2011 between the Company and each of Messrs. Shattock,
Probst, Newlands, Baladi and Baldock. 

10.24 
 Form of Aircraft Time-Sharing Agreement between the Company and each of Messrs. Carbonari and Omtvedt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2008, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.25 
 Success Bonus Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2011, between the Company and Bruce A. Carbonari (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2011, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.26 
 Success Bonus and Consulting Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2011, between the Company and Craig P. Omtvedt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2011, Commission file number 1-9076). 
 87 

Other Material Contracts 

10.27 
 Credit Agreement dated as of December 14, 2011, among Beam Inc., the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2011, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.28 
 Indemnification Agreement dated as of September 14, 2011 between the Company and Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2011, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.29 
 Tax Allocation Agreement dated as of September 28, 2011 between the Company and Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2011, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.30 
 Employee Matters Agreement dated as of September 28, 2011 between the Company and Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc. (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2011, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.31 
 Indemnification Agreement dated as of December 22, 1994 among the Company, The American Tobacco Company and Brown Williamson Tobacco Corporation
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, Commission file number 1-9076). 

10.32 
 Supplemental Agreement dated as of July 30, 2004 among the Company, Brown Williamson Tobacco Corporation and R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company (formerly
known as Brown Williamson U.S.A., Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10a2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2004, Commission file number 1-9076). 

12 
 Statement re computation of ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and preferred dividends. 

18 
 Preferability Letter of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 

21 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 

23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 

24 
 Powers of Attorney relating to execution of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

31.1 
 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer Required Under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer Required Under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
 Joint CEO/CFO Certification Required Under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99 
 List of Pending/Terminated Cases. 

101 
 The following materials from the Beam Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language
(XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statement of Income, (ii) the Consolidated Balance Sheet, (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, (iv) Consolidated Statement of Equity, and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

Filed herewith. 

The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon request. 

In lieu of filing certain instruments with respect to long-term debt of the kind described in Item 601(b)(4) of Regulation S-K, the Company agrees to furnish a
copy of such instruments to the SEC upon request. 
 88 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

BEAM INC. 

Date: February 28, 2012 

BY: 
 
 /s/ MATTHEW J. SHATTOCK 

Matthew J. Shattock 

President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

/s/ ROBERT F. PROBST 

Robert F. Probst 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ MATTHEW J. SHATTOCK 

/s/ ANN F. HACKETT 
 
 Matthew J. Shattock, 

Ann F. Hackett, Director 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Director 

Date: February 28, 2012 
 
 Date: February 28, 2012 

/s/ ROBERT F. PROBST 

/s/ A.D. DAVID MACKAY 
 
 Robert F. Probst, Senior Vice President and Chief 

A. D. David Mackay, Director 
 
 Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

Date: February 28, 2012 
 
 Date: February 28, 2012 

/s/ LEO A. MIERZWICKI 

/s/ ROBERT A. STEELE 
 
 Leo A. Mierzwicki, Vice President and Corporate 

Robert A. Steele, Director 
 
 Controller (principal accounting officer) 

Date: February 28, 2012 
 
 Date: February 28, 2012 

/s/ RICHARD A. GOLDSTEIN 

/s/ ANNE M. TATLOCK 
 
 Richard A. Goldstein, Director 

Anne M. Tatlock, Director 
 
 Date: February 28, 2012 

Date: February 28, 2012 

/s/ STEPHEN W. GOLSBY 

/s/ PETER M. WILSON 
 
 Stephen W. Golsby, Director 

Peter M. Wilson, Director 
 
 Date: February 28, 2012 

Date: February 28, 2012 

By: 
 
 /s/ KENTON R. ROSE 

Kenton R. Rose, Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 89 

<EX-10.4.(XVI)>
 2
 d270277dex104xvi.htm
 NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Nonqualified Stock Option Terms and Conditions 

Exhibit 10.4(xvi) 
 FEBRUARY 22 ,2011 FORTUNE BRANDS, INC. 2007 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN NONQUALIFIED STOCK
OPTIONS TERMS AND CONDITIONS SENIOR OFFICERS (six month service requirement to vest upon
retirement or disability) You have been granted an award (the Award of non-qualified stock options (the Options under the Fortune Brands, Inc. 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Once the Options become exercisable, you will be able to purchase shares of common stock of Fortune Brands, Inc. Fortune at the Option price.
 The date of grant, the number of shares subject to the Award, the Option price per share and the date(s) on which the Option will become
exercisable are identified in the electronic, on-line grant acceptance process administered by the Plan s third party administrator (the Stock Plans Administrator). The Award is not intended to be an incentive stock option within the meaning of
Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code. 1. Exercise . 
 (a) Except as provided in this paragraph 1 and paragraphs 3, 4, 5 and 9 below, the Award shall become exercisable in three
(3) annual installments, with one-third of the shares covered by the Award becoming exercisable on the first anniversary of the date of grant and an additional one-third becoming exercisable on the second and third anniversaries, respectively.
The Award will expire, and the Options will no longer be exercisable, ten years from the date of grant (the Expiration Date ). (b) The Award shall not become exercisable unless you remain employed by Fortune or one of its subsidiaries for six (6) months from the date of grant, except in the event of your death and except as
provided in paragraph 9 below. 2. Transferability of Option . The Award shall not be transferable by you other than in
the event of your death, except that it may be transferred by gift to a family member (as defined below) or pursuant to an approved domestic relations order. During your lifetime, your Award shall be exercisable only by you unless it has been
transferred to a family member or pursuant to an approved domestic relations order, in which case it may be exercisable only by the transferee. Pursuant to Paragraph 14 of these Terms and Conditions, you remain responsible for any taxes due upon the
exercise of your Award, except to the extent applicable tax law provides otherwise in the case of a transfer pursuant to an approved domestic relations order. (a) With respect to any transfer pursuant to a domestic relations order, such order must be approved in writing by the Stock Option and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Fortune (the
 Committee ), or the Secretary of the Committee. 

(b) For purposes of this Section 2, a family member can
include your child, step-child, grandchild, parent, step-parent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law, including adoptive
relationships, any person sharing your household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons have more than fifty percent of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which you or these persons control the management of assets,
and any other entity in which you or these persons own more than fifty percent of the voting interests. Any transfer by gift of your Award to a family member is subject to the following conditions: 

(i) 
 you must immediately notify the Stock Plans Administrator and Fortune of such transfer and provide such information about the transferee as the Stock Plans
Administrator or Fortune may request (including, but not limited to, name of the transferee, address of the transferee, and taxpayer identification number); 

(ii) 
 the transferee may not make any subsequent transfer; 

(iii) 
 any shares issued to a transferee upon exercise may bear such legends as deemed appropriate by Fortune; 

(iv) 
 the transferee may utilize the cashless exercise feature only if it is generally available for all transferees through the Stock Plans Administrator;

(v) 
 Fortune has no obligation to deliver any shares following an exercise until all applicable withholding taxes are satisfied; 

(vi) 
 you agree to deliver a copy of these Terms and Conditions, including any amendments thereto, to the transferee. 
 3. Death . If your employment with Fortune or an entity in which Fortune has an equity interest (your Employer terminates by reason of your death, the Award will immediately become exercisable in full and shall continue to be exercisable in full for three years after your death or until the Expiration Date, whichever is earlier, provided that the Award may
continue to be exercised for the one-year period from the date of your death, even if this one-year period extends beyond the Expiration Date. 4. Retirement; Disability . If your employment with your Employer terminates by reason of disability or Retirement (as defined below), provided that you have remained in the employ of Fortune or an
entity in which Fortune has an equity interest for six (6) months from the date of grant, the Award shall become immediately exercisable in full and shall continue to be exercisable in full until its Expiration Date. For purposes of this
paragraph, Retirement means either (a) termination of employment on or after attaining age 55 and completion of at least five years of service with your Employer, provided that Retirement shall not include termination of employment by reason of
failure to maintain work performance standards, violation of company policies or dishonesty or other misconduct prejudicial to Fortune or any of its subsidiaries, or (b) retirement under Section 3(b) of the Fortune Brands, Inc.
Supplemental Plan. 
 -2-

5. Termination of Employment . If your employment with your Employer terminates other
than in the circumstances referred to in paragraphs 3 and 4, any portion of the Award that is not yet exercisable shall not become exercisable and any portion of the Award that is exercisable shall terminate and cease to be exercisable three
(3) months from the date of your termination from employment, except as otherwise provided in paragraph 9; provided that in no event shall the Award be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date of grant. For the
purpose of these terms and conditions, your employment by an entity in which Fortune has an equity interest shall be considered terminated on the date on which Fortune sells or otherwise divests its equity interest in your Employer. 
 6. Stock Exchange Listing . Fortune is not obligated to deliver any shares until the shares have been listed on each stock exchange
on which Fortune s common stock is listed and until Fortune is satisfied that all applicable laws and regulations have been met. Fortune agrees to use its best efforts to list the shares and meet all legal requirements so that the shares can be
delivered. No fractional shares will be delivered. 7. Transfer of Employment; Leave of Absence . For the purposes of
the Award, (a) if you transfer between Fortune and an entity in which Fortune has an equity interest or vice versa or from one entity in which Fortune has an equity interest to another entity in which Fortune has an equity interest, without an
intervening period, it will not be considered a termination of employment, and (b) any leave of absence granted in writing will not constitute an interruption in your employment. 
 8. Adjustments . (a) In the event of any merger, consolidation, stock or other non-cash dividend, extraordinary cash dividend, split-up, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares, reorganization or recapitalization or
change in capitalization, or any other similar corporate event, the number and kind of shares that are subject to the Award and the Option price per share immediately prior to such event will be proportionately and appropriately adjusted, without
increase or decrease in the aggregate Option price. (b) The determination of the Committee as to the terms of any adjustment
is binding and conclusive upon you and any other person who is entitled to exercise the Option. 9. Change in Control of
Fortune . In the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan), the Award, if it is not then immediately
exercisable in full and provided that it has not expired, shall become immediately exercisable in full and shall remain exercisable until the Expiration Date. In addition, under certain circumstances as described in Section 12(b) of the Plan,
you may have the right to receive cash instead of exercising your Options. This right, called a Limited Right, may be automatically exercised under certain circumstances described in the Plan. You will be informed of any Change in Control that
triggers the Limited Right. (b) Notwithstanding paragraphs 1(b), 3,4 and 5 above, the provisions of this paragraph 9(b) will
be applicable in the event of a termination of your employment 
 -3-

during the 60-day period following a Change in Control. The Award shall not terminate or cease to be exercisable as a result of the termination of your employment during this period, but shall be
exercisable in full throughout it; provided, however, that in no event shall the Award be exercisable after ten (10) years from its date of grant (except in the event of death as provided in paragraph 3 above). However, in the event that your
employment terminates within six (6) months of the date of grant, the preceding sentence shall apply only if your employment has been terminated other than for just cause (as defined in the Plan) or you have voluntarily terminated your
employment for certain reasons: (i) because you in good faith believe that as a result of the Change in Control you are unable effectively to discharge your duties or the duties of the position you occupied immediately prior to the Change in
Control, or (ii) because of a reduction in your aggregate compensation or in your aggregate benefits below that in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control. Nothing in this paragraph 9(b) limits any rights otherwise provided in the
event of your death, disability or Retirement (as defined in paragraph 4 above), or your right to exercise your Options following a termination of employment as provided in paragraph 5 above. 
 10. Stockholder Rights . Neither you nor any other person shall have any rights of a stockholder as to shares under the Award
until, after proper exercise of the Options, such shares shall have been recorded on Fortune s official stockholder records as having been issued or transferred. 11. Notice of Exercise . Subject to these terms and conditions, the Award may be exercised either electronically through the on-line process administered by the Stock Plans Administrator or by
telephone via a Stock Plans Administrator customer service representative or an automated telephone system. When providing notice of exercise, you must indicate the number of Options being exercised. If notice of exercise is not given to the Stock
Plans Administrator (or other person or entity designated by Fortune), by the applicable expiration date specified in paragraphs 3,4, 5 and 9 above, the notice will be deemed null and void and of no effect. If notice of exercise of the Option is
given by a person other than you, Fortune may require as a condition to exercising the Option that appropriate proof of the right of such person to exercise the Award be submitted to Fortune. Any shares purchased upon exercise will be issued and or
delivered as soon as practicable. 12. Exercise of Limited Right . In the event a Limited Right referred to in paragraph
9 above becomes exercisable, it shall be exercised in whole or in part by giving notice of such exercise, in the manner described in paragraph 11, to the Stock Plans Administrator (or other person or entity designated by Fortune). The exercise will
be effective as of the date of exercise, but not earlier than the date notice is actually provided to the Stock Plans Administrator in the manner described in paragraph 11 above . The notice must be actually received by the Stock Plans Administrator
by no later than the close of business on the last day of the applicable Limited Right Exercise Period, as defined in the Plan (or the date the related Option expires, whichever is earlier). No notice is required if the Limited Right is
automatically exercised as provided in Section 12(b) of the Plan. 13. Payment of Option Price . Except for a
 cashless exercise described below, payment in full of the Option price must be received by the Stock Plans Administrator by the date of exercise. You may pay the Option price: (i) in cash, (ii) by attestation (i.e., a
declaration of share ownership by which you surrender the right to shares you own), or (iii) by a combination of cash and such shares that have been held by you for 
 -4-

a period of at least one year and that have a total market value which, together with such cash, equals the Option price. The market value of shares or per share of Fortune common
stock as of any date means the value determined by reference to the closing price of a share of Fortune common stock as finally reported on the New York Stock Exchange for the trading day next preceding such date. You may also pay the Option price
from the proceeds of the sale of shares covered by the Award, called a cashless exercise, to the extent permitted under the cashless exercise process approved by the Committee. 
 14. Tax Withholding . Upon exercise of any portion of your Award (or at such later time as taxable income from the exercise is
deemed to be realized), Federal income tax withholding (and state and local income tax withholding, if applicable) may be required by your Employer in respect of taxes on income realized by you. Your Employer may withhold such required amounts from
your future paychecks or may require that you deliver the amounts to be withheld. In addition, you may pay the minimum required Federal income tax withholding (and state and local income tax withholding, if applicable) by electing either to have
your Employer withhold a portion of the shares of common stock otherwise issuable upon exercise of the Award, or to deliver to your Employer other shares of common stock owned by you, in either case having a fair market value (as described in
paragraph 13 above, on the date that the amount of tax is to be determined) of the minimum amount to be withheld, provided that the election shall be irrevocable and shall be subject to such rules as the Committee may adopt. You may also arrange to
have such tax (or taxes) paid directly to your Employer on your behalf from the proceeds of the sale of common stock to the extent provided in the notice of exercise referred to in paragraph 11. 
 15. Conflicts. In the event of a conflict between these terms and conditions of the Award and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall
apply. 
 -5-

</EX-10.4.(XVI)>

<EX-10.4.(XVII)>
 3
 d270277dex104xvii.htm
 FORM OF PERFORMANCE AWARD NOTICE AND TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Form of Performance Award Notice and Terms and Conditions 

Exhibit 10.4(xvii) 
 FEBRUARY 21,2011 FORTUNE BRANDS, INC. 2007 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN CASH PERFORMANCE
AWARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS You have been granted a cash performance award (the Award under the Fortune Brands, Inc. 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Plan provides long-term incentives to
employees of Fortune Brands, Inc. Fortune and its subsidiaries. The date of the grant, number of units you have been awarded,
and the minimum, target and maximum unit values are set forth at the top of your Notice of Cash Performance Award. 1. Cash
Award . Subject to the provisions of paragraphs 3 through 8 below, your cash award will be determined as follows: (a) If the Fortune subsidiary that employs you (the Company attains the minimum performance goals for the three-year performance period, the value of each unit awarded to you will be the
minimum unit value set forth in your Notice of Cash Award. (b) If the Company attains the maximum performance
goals for the three-year performance period, the value of each unit awarded to you will be the maximum unit value set forth in your Notice of Cash Award. (c) If the Company s performance for the performance period exceeds the minimum performance goals established for the three-year performance period but does not reach the maximum performance goals
established for the three-year performance period, the value of each unit awarded to you will be interpolated between the minimum and maximum unit payout values as set forth in your Notice of Cash Award. 
 (d) No payment will be made for any performance period if the minimum performance goals for the three-year performance
period are not attained. Subject to the provisions of paragraphs 3 through 8 below, any amounts payable to you under this
Award will be paid as soon as practicable after the end of the performance period and after the Compensation and Stock Option Committee of Fortune s Board of Directors (the Committee certifies the Company s attainment of the
performance goals for the performance period pursuant to paragraph 9 below. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no payout hereunder shall be made unless and until the Committee certifies the attainment of performance goals.
 2. Transferability of Award . This performance award shall not be transferable by you other than by will or by the laws
of descent and distribution or pursuant to a domestic relations order approved by the Committee or its Secretary. 3.
 Termination of Employment As a Result of Death, Disability or Retirement . If your employment with the Company (or Fortune Brands, Inc. or any of its 
 -1-

subsidiaries) terminates during any performance period by reason of your death, disability or retirement, you will be entitled to receive as soon as practicable after the end of that performance
period and after the Committee certifies attainment of the performance goals for that performance period pursuant to paragraph 9, a payment (i) based on the unit value that would otherwise be payable pursuant to paragraph 1, (ii) prorated
for the portion of any relevant performance period ending on the date your employment is so terminated. 4. Termination of
Employment for Other Reasons . Except as otherwise provided in paragraphs 6 through 8 below, if your employment with the Company terminates during a performance period other than by reason of your death, disability or retirement, you will not be
entitled to any payment pursuant to paragraph 1 with respect to the performance period. 5. Forfeiture of Award for
Detrimental Activity . If you engage in detrimental activity (as defined below) at any time (whether during your employment or after termination), you will not be entitled to any payment under the Plan, and you will forfeit all rights
with respect to this Award. For purposes of this paragraph 5, detrimental activity means willful, reckless or grossly negligent activity that is determined by the Committee to be detrimental to or destructive of the business or property
of the Company, Fortune or any of its subsidiaries. Any such determination of the Committee shall be final and binding for purposes of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no payment shall be forfeited or become not payable by virtue of this
paragraph 5 on or after the date of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan). 6. Transfer of Employment; Leave of
Absence . For the purposes of this Agreement, (a) a transfer of your employment from the Company to Fortune or one of its other subsidiaries or vice versa, without an intervening period, shall not be deemed a termination of employment, and
(b) if you are granted in writing a leave of absence, you shall be deemed to have remained in the employ of the Company, Fortune or one of its other subsidiaries during such leave of absence. 
 7. Adjustments , (which may be increases or decreases) may be made by the Committee to the performance goals and measurements
applicable to Performance Awards to take into account changes in law and accounting and tax rules and to make such adjustments as the Committee deems necessary or appropriate to reflect the inclusion or exclusion of the impact of extraordinary or
unusual items, events or circumstances, including, without limitation, acquisitions or divestitures by or other material changes in the Company, provided that no adjustment shall be made which would result in an increase in your compensation if your
compensation is subject to the limitation on deductibility under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, or any successor provision, for the year with respect to which the adjustment occurs. The Committee also may adjust the
performance goals and measurements applicable to Performance Awards and thereby reduce the amount to be received by any Participant pursuant to such Awards if and to the extent that the Committee deems it appropriate, provided that no such reduction
shall be made on or after the date of a Change in Control (as defined the Plan). The determination of the Committee as to the terms of any adjustment made pursuant to this paragraph 7 shall be binding and conclusive upon you and any other person or
persons who are at any time entitled to receipt of any payment pursuant to the award. 8. Divestiture; Termination of
Plan , (a) In the event that your principal employer (your Employer ceases to be a subsidiary of Fortune Brands, then your employment shall be deemed to be terminated for all purposes as of the date on which the 
 -2-

employer ceases to be a subsidiary of Fortune (the Divestiture Date and the Award shall become
nonforfeitable and shall be paid out as soon as practicable following the Divestiture Date (i) as if the performance period or other applicable conditions or restrictions had been completed or satisfied and based on actual performance to the
extent actual data is available for the performance period and the Company s forecast in the financial performance outlook report for the remainder of the applicable performance period, but (ii) prorated for the portion of any relevant
performance period ending on the date your employment is so terminated. (b) In the event of a termination of the Plan as
provided therein, then your employment shall be deemed to be terminated for all purposes as of the date of termination of the Plan and the provisions of paragraph 8(a) will apply to your award with the same effect as if the date of termination of
the Plan were a Divestiture Date. 9. Committee Certification. As soon as practicable after the end of the performance
period, the Committee shall certify the extent to which the performance goals have been satisfied for the performance period. 
 10. Tax Withholding . The Company shall have the right to deduct from any payment to you the amount of any federal, state or local
income or other taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to such payment. 11. Governing Law . These terms and
conditions and the Award provided for in the Notice of Performance Cash Award shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois. 12. Conflicts . In the event of a conflict between these terms and conditions of the Award and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. 
 -3-

</EX-10.4.(XVII)>

<EX-10.4.(XVIII)>
 4
 d270277dex104xviii.htm
 FORM OF LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

Form of Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 

Exhibit 10.4(xviii) 
 FEBRUARY 21,2011 FORTUNE BRANDS, INC. 2007 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK
UNIT AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into effective as of February 21,2011 (the Award Date ), by and between Fortune Brands, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company ), and [Executive] (the Executive ). All terms capitalized but not defined shall have the meaning set forth in the Fortune Brands, Inc. 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ).
 1. Purpose . The purpose of this Agreement is to provide additional compensation for past and future service to
the Company and its Subsidiaries in the form of a stock equivalent ownership interest to the Executive under the Plan. 2.
 Agreement . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby awards the Executive the number of Restricted Stock Units (the RSUs set forth in Appendix A (the Award ), effective as of the Award Date.
 3. RSUs . Each RSU is a notional amount that represents the right, subject to the terms and conditions of the
Plan and this Agreement, to receive one (1) share of the Company s Common Stock if and when the RSU vests. The RSUs shall be credited to a notional account (the Account established and maintained for the Executive. The Account
shall be the record of the Award under this Agreement, is solely for accounting purposes and shall not require a segregation of any Company assets. 4. Vesting of RSUs . (a) The RSUs will become fully
vested and payable on January 31, 2014 (or the first day thereafter on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for business), if the Executive remains employed through such date, subject to paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) and Sections 5
and 6 below. (b) In the event of the Executive s death, Disability or termination of employment with the
Company (and all subsidiaries of the Company) due to Retirement prior to January 31, 2014, vesting of the RSUs shall be as follows: The applicable vesting date in the event of Executive s death or Disability shall be the date of such death
or Disability. The applicable vesting date in the event of Executive s Retirement shall be January 31, 2014, subject to paragraphs (c) and (d) below. 
 (c) Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) above, if the Executive is a covered employee for
purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code at any time between the Award Date and January 31, 2014, the RSUs will become vested upon the later of: (i) January 31, 2014 (or
the first day thereafter on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for business), if the Performance Goals set forth in Appendix B for the Performance Period ending 

December 31, 2013 have been satisfied or (ii) the date on which the Compensation and Stock Option Committee of the Company s Board of Directors certifies attainment of the
Performance Goals, but in each case, only if the Executive remains employed through January 31, 2014 or has terminated employment due to the Executive s death, Disability or Retirement. Under this paragraph (c), if the Executive s
employment terminates before January 31, 2014, due to the Executive s (x) death or Disability, the RSUs will vest on the date of such death or Disability regardless of whether the Performance Goals have been satisfied, and
(y) Retirement, the RSUs will vest on January 31, 2014, if the Performance Goals have been satisfied. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no RSUs subject to a performance goal shall be paid hereunder unless and until the
Committee certifies the attainment of performance goals. (d) If the Executive terminates employment with the
Company due to Retirement prior to January 31, 2014 under Section 4(b) or 4(c) above, and fails to strictly adhere to the restrictive covenant set forth below in Section 4(d)(i), the Executive s rights with respect to the RSUs
will terminate and be forfeited and neither the Executive nor the Executive s heirs, personal representatives, successors or assigns shall have any future rights with respect to any such RSUs. 
 (i) For purposes of this Section 4(d) , the Executive shall not, during the period beginning on the date of the
Executive s termination due to Retirement and ending on January 31, 2014: (A) breach of any of the restrictive covenants set forth in any employment, consulting or other agreement between the Company and the Executive, or, (B) if
there is no employment or other written agreement between the Company and the Executive or if such agreement does not include restrictive covenants, directly or indirectly, become employed by, engage in business with, serve as an agent or consultant
to, become a partner, member, principal, stockholder or other owner (other than a holder of less than five percent (5 of the outstanding voting shares of any publicly held company) of, or otherwise perform services for (whether or not for
compensation), any individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, unincorporated organization, trust or joint venture, or a governmental agency or political subdivision thereof that competes or has a reasonable potential for
competing with the Company, anywhere in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Asia or Europe. 5. Changes in Capital or
Corporate Structure and Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Capital or Corporate Structure or a Change in Control of the Company, the Executive s rights with respect to any RSUs awarded under this Agreement shall be governed
by the terms and conditions of the Plan. 6. Distribution of RSUs , The Company will distribute vested RSUs to
the Executive in shares of Common Stock as soon as administratively practicable following the applicable vesting date, unless the Six Month Delay Rule under Code Section 409A applies, as described in Section 21 of this
Agreement. In the event of the Executive s death, distribution of Common Stock due under this Agreement shall be made to the appointed and qualified executor or other personal representative of the Executive to be distributed in accordance with
the Executive s will or applicable intestacy law; or in the event that there shall be no such representative duly appointed and qualified within six months after the date of the Executive s
 
 - 2 -

death, then to such persons as, at the date of the Executive s death, would be entitled to share in the distribution of the Executive s personal estate under the provisions of the
applicable statute then in force governing the descent of intestate property, in the proportion specified in such statute. In the event of the Executive s Disability, distribution of Common Stock due under this Agreement shall be made to the
Executive or the Executive s other personal representative. 7. Forfeitures . If the Executive terminates
his/her employment with the Company for any reason other than death, Disability or Retirement prior to the applicable vesting date, the Executive s rights with respect to the unvested RSUs will terminate and be forfeited, and neither the
Executive nor the Executive s heirs, personal representatives, successors or assigns shall have any future rights with respect to any such RSUs. 8. Stockholder Records . The Executive shall not have any rights of a stockholder as a result of receiving an Award under this Agreement until such shares of Common Stock have been recorded
on the Company s official stockholder records as having been issued or transferred. 9. Securities Law
Requirements . The Company shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock until they have been listed (or authorized for listing upon official notice of issuance) upon each stock exchange upon which outstanding shares of such
class at the time are listed, nor until there has been compliance with such laws or regulations as the Company may deem applicable. The Company shall use its best efforts to affect such listing and compliance. No fractional shares shall be
delivered. The Executive may not, during any period of time that the Executive is an affiliate of the Company (within the meaning of the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933
Act )) sell shares of Common Stock acquired under this Agreement, unless the offer and sale is made pursuant to (a) an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, which is current and includes the shares to be sold, or (b) an
appropriate exemption from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act, such as that set forth in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act. 10. Nontransferability . RSUs awarded under this Agreement, and any rights and privileges pertaining thereto, may not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any manner, by
operation of law or otherwise, other than (a) by the Executive to a trust for estate planning purposes, (b) by the Executive pursuant to an agreement in a marital separation or divorce proceeding, or (c) by will or by the laws of
descent and distribution; and shall not be subject to execution, attachment or similar process. 11. Dividend
Equivalents . The Executive shall earn dividend equivalents on all RSUs awarded under this Agreement on the date of payment of shares. Such dividend equivalents shall be equal to the cash dividends that would have been paid on the shares of
Common Stock covered by such RSU had such covered shares been issued and outstanding on any cash dividend record date beginning as of the Award date and ending on January 31, 2014. In addition, dividend equivalents shall be subject to all other
rules and procedures as established by the Committee under the Plan and the vesting conditions in Section 4 above. Dividend equivalents shall be paid in cash on same date that shares are distributed as described in Section 6 above.
 
 - 3 -

12. Voting Rights . The Executive shall not be entitled to any voting rights
with respect to the Company s Common Stock unless a RSU has vested and the Share underlying it has been distributed to the Executive. 13. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and permitted
assigns. 14. Withholding . Upon any payment to the Executive of shares of Common Stock or dividend equivalents
under this Agreement, Federal income and other tax withholding (and state and local income tax withholding, if applicable) may be required by the Company in respect of taxes on income realized by the Executive. The Company may withhold such required
amounts from future paychecks to the Executive or from, if applicable, such dividend equivalents or may require that the Executive deliver to the Company the amounts to be withheld. In addition, upon any payment of shares to the Executive under this
Agreement, the Executive may pay any Federal income and other tax withholding (and any state and local income tax withholding, if applicable) by electing either to have the Company withhold a portion of the shares of Common Stock otherwise
deliverable to the Executive, or to deliver other shares of Common Stock owned by the Executive, in either case having a fair market value (on the date that the amount of tax the Executive has elected to have withheld is to be determined) of the
amount to be withheld, provided that the election shall be irrevocable and shall be subject to such rules as the Committee may adopt. For purposes of this paragraph 14, fair market value shall mean the average of the high and low prices
reported on the New York Stock Exchange for Fortune common stock on the date for which the determination is being made. 15.
 No Limitation on the Company s Rights . The granting of RSUs shall not in any way affect the Company s right or power to make adjustments, reclassifications or changes in its capital or business structure or to merge,
consolidate, reincorporate, dissolve, liquidate or sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 16.
 Effect on Employment . Nothing in this Agreement or in the Award shall be construed as constituting a commitment, guarantee, agreement or understanding of any kind or nature that the Company shall continue to employ Executive, or as
affecting in any way the right of the Company to terminate the employment of Executive at any time. This Agreement shall not in any way affect the terms and provisions of the Plan. 
 17. Entire Agreement and Amendment . This Agreement is the entire Agreement between the parties to it with respect to the
Award of RSUs, and all prior oral and written representations are merged in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, this agreement shall not in any way affect the terms and provisions of the Plan. This Agreement may be amended,
modified or terminated only by written agreement between the Executive and the Company. The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience and identification only and are not intended to describe, interpret, define or limit the scope,
extent, or intent of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 18. Notices . Notices given pursuant to this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed received when personally delivered, or on the date of written confirmation of receipt by (a) overnight carrier, (b) telecopy, (c) registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, addressee only, postage prepaid, or (d) such other method of delivery that provides a written confirmation of delivery. Notice to the Company shall be directed to: 
 - 4 -

Fortune Brands, Inc. 
 520 Lake Cook Road Deerfield,IL 60015-5611 Attention: General Counsel 
 The Company may change the person and/or address to which the Executive must give notice under this Section 18 by giving the
Executive written notice of such change, in accordance with the procedures described above. Notices to or with respect to the Executive will be directed to the Executive, or to the Executive s executors, personal representatives or
distributees, if the Executive is deceased, or the assignees of the Executive, at the Executive s home address on the records of the Company. 19. Governing Law . The Plan and the grant of RSUs under this Agreement shall be subject to all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations and to such approval by any government
or regulatory agency as may be required. The laws of the State of Illinois shall govern the validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. If any provision of this
Agreement shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be fully effective. The jurisdiction and venue for any disputes arising under, or any action brought to
enforce (or otherwise relating to), this Agreement shall be exclusively in the courts in the State of Illinois, County of Cook, including the Federal Courts located therein (should Federal jurisdiction exist). 
 20. Plan Document Controls . The rights granted under this Agreement are in all respects subject to the provisions of the
Plan to the same extent and with the same effect as if they were set forth fully therein. If the terms of this document or the Agreement conflict with the terms of the Plan document, the Plan document will control. 
 21. Code Section 409A . This Agreement is intended to comply with Code Section 409A and applicable interpretative
guidance, including the exception for short-term deferrals and the provisions for payments at a specified time or upon a separation from service , and shall be administered accordingly. The Agreement shall be construed and interpreted
with such intent. To the extent payments under this Agreement are subject to Code Section 409A, the Six Month Delay Rule applies, and the Executive is a Specified Employee (as defined Code Section 409A and Treas.
Reg. 1.409A-l(i) or other similar or successor provisions) as of the date of termination, distributions to the Executive may not be made before the date that is six (6) months after the separation from service or, if earlier, the date of
the Executive s death (the Six Month Delay Rule ). 22. Counterparts . This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts, all of which together shall constitute but one Agreement. 
 - 5 -

I N W ITNESS 
W HEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement effective as of the date first above written. 

F ORTUNE B RANDS , I NC . 

By: 

[E XECUTIVE ] 

Its: 

- 6 -

</EX-10.4.(XVIII)>

<EX-10.23>
 5
 d270277dex1023.htm
 AGREEMENT FOR THE PAYMENT OF BENEFITS FOLLOWING TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

AGREEMENT FOR THE PAYMENT OF BENEFITS FOLLOWING TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT 

Exhibit 10.23 FORM OF AGREEMENT FOR THE PAYMENT OF BENEFITS 
 FOLLOWING TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT dated as of October 4, 2011 (the Effective Date between Beam Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and
 (the Executive ), 
 W I T N E S S E T H : 
 WHEREAS, the Executive is employed by the Company; and WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the benefits to be provided to the Executive in the event that his or her employment terminates under the
circumstances described herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the parties agree as follows: 

1. 
 Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 

(a) 
 Cause . Cause shall mean: (i) the Executive s willful and continuous failure to substantially perform his or her material duties (other than a failure due to a Disability); 
 (ii) the commission of any activities constituting a violation or breach under any federal, state or local law or
regulation applicable to the activities of the Company, as determined in the reasonable judgment of the Company; 
 (iii) fraud, breach of fiduciary duty, dishonesty, misappropriation or other actions that cause significant damage to the
property or business of the Company; (iv) repeated absences from work such that the Executive is unable to
perform his or her employment or other duties in all material respects, other than due to Disability; (v)
admission or conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere, to any felony that, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, adversely affects the Company s reputation or the Executive s ability to carry out the obligations of his or her
employment or services; (vi) loss of any license or registration that is necessary for the Executive to
perform his or her duties for the Company; 

(vii) failure to cooperate with the Company in any internal investigation or
administrative, regulatory or judicial proceeding, as determined in the reasonable judgment of the Company; 
 (viii) any act or omission in violation or disregard of the Company s policies, including but not limited to the
Company s harassment and discrimination policies and Standards of Conduct then in effect, in such a manner as to cause significant loss, damage or injury to the Company s property, reputation or employees; 
 provided, however, that no act or failure to act on the Executive s part shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be
done, by him or her in bad faith or without reasonable belief that his or her action or omission was in the best interests of the Company. Any act or failure to act (A) based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the
Board of Directors of the Company, (B) implementing in good faith the advice of counsel for the Company or (C) that meets the applicable standard of conduct prescribed for indemnification or reimbursement or payment of expenses under the
By-laws of the Company or the laws of the state of its incorporation or the directors and officers liability insurance of the Company, in each case as in effect at the time Cause would otherwise arise, shall be conclusively presumed to
be done, or omitted to be done, in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. (b) Change in Control . A
 Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if, prior to the Executive s Termination Date: (i) any person (as that term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act as in effect on the date of this Agreement)
(1) is or becomes the beneficial owner (as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as in effect on the date of this Agreement) of 50 or more of the total fair market
value or total voting power of the Company Voting Securities or (2) acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person) ownership of the stock of the Company
possessing 30 or more of the Voting Securities, excluding, in each case, however, the following: (A) any acquisition directly from the Company, other than an acquisition by virtue of the exercise of a conversion privilege unless the security
being so converted was itself acquired directly from the Company; (B) any acquisition by the Company; (C) any acquisition by an employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any entity controlled by the
Company; (D) the acquisition of additional stock or voting power by a person considered to own more than 50 of the total fair market value or Voting Securities in the case of clause (1) of this clause (i) or by a person considered to
own more than 30 of the Voting Securities in the case of clause (2) of this clause (i) or (E) any acquisition pursuant to a transaction that complies with clauses (A), (B) and (C) of clause (iii) below; 
 (ii) more than 50 of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board shall, during a
12-month period, cease to be Continuing 
 2 

Directors (which term, as used herein, means the directors of the Company: (A) who were members of the Board on the date hereof; or (B) who subsequently became directors of the Company
and who were elected or designated to be candidates for election as nominees of the Board, or whose election or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was otherwise approved, by a vote of a majority of the Continuing Directors
then on the Board but shall not include, in any event, any individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened election contest (as such terms are used in Rule 14(a)-11 of Regulation 14A promulgated
under the Exchange Act) or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a person other than the Board); or (iii) the Company shall be merged or consolidated with, or, in any transaction or series of transactions, substantially all of the business or assets of the Company shall be sold or otherwise
acquired by, another corporation or entity unless, as a result thereof: (A) the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto shall beneficially own, directly or indirectly, at least 60 of the combined Voting Securities of the
surviving, resulting or transferee corporation or entity (including, without limitation, a corporation that as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the assets of the Company , either directly or through one or
more subsidiaries) Newco immediately thereafter in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such corporate transaction; (B) no person beneficially owns (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d)
and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (as in effect on the date hereof)), directly or indirectly, 30 or more of the combined Voting Securities of Newco immediately after such corporate transaction
except to the extent that such ownership of the Company existed prior to such corporate transaction, and (C) more than 50 of the members of the Board of Directors of Newco shall be Continuing Directors. 
 (c) Change in Control Benefit . Change in Control Benefit shall refer to any special or enhanced benefits described in
Section 3 below to which the Executive may become entitled if his or her employment terminates for one of the reasons listed in Section 2(a) within the 24-month period following a Change in Control. 
 (d) Code . Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 (e) Disability . Disability shall mean a physical or mental illness that results in the Executive s absence from
the full-time performance of his or her duties for 180 consecutive calendar days and within 30 days after the Notice of Termination is given to the Executive by the Company, the Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of his or
her duties. (f) Good Reason . Termination of employment by the Executive for Good Reason shall be deemed to have
occurred only if the Executive terminates his or her employment and provides a Notice of Termination to the Company prior to such date for any of the following reasons: 
 3 

(i) a material change in the Executive s duties, responsibilities and
status, or, in the event of a Change in Control, a material change in Executive s reporting responsibilities, titles or offices as in effect at the time of a Change in Control; 
 (ii) a material reduction in the Executive s then current base salary; 
 (iii) material reduction in the value of the benefits provided to the Executive (other than those plans or improvements
that have expired in accordance with their original terms); provided that Good Reason shall not exist to the extent such benefits are similarly reduced or eliminated with respect to similarly situated senior executives of the Company; 
 (iv) after a Change in Control, the target bonus awarded by the Company s Compensation and Stock Option Committee to
Executive under the Annual Executive Incentive Compensation Plan of the Company Incentive Plan subsequent to a Change in Control is materially less than such amount last awarded to Executive prior to a Change in Control; 
 (v) after a Change in Control, the sum of the Executive s base salary and amount paid to him or her as incentive
compensation under the Incentive Plan for the calendar year in which the Change in Control occurs or any subsequent year is materially less than the sum of the Executive s base salary and the amount awarded (whether or not fully paid) to him or
her as incentive compensation under the Incentive Plan for the calendar year prior to the Change in Control or any subsequent calendar year in which the sum of such amounts was materially greater; 
 (vi) the relocation of the offices at which Executive is employed to a location more than 35 miles away or the
Company requiring Executive to be based anywhere other than at a Company office within 35 miles of the offices at which the Executive is employed, except for required travel on Company business to an extent substantially consistent with
Executive s position; (vii) any failure of the Company to comply with and satisfy Section 8;
 (viii) any purported termination of the Executive s employment by the Company which does not comply with
Section 1(g) below. For the avoidance of doubt, such purported termination shall not be effective, but shall constitute Good Reason entitling the Executive to terminate his or her employment in accordance with this Section 1(f);
 provided, further, that the Executive must provide written notice to the Company of the existence of Good Reason no later than 90 days after
its initial existence, the Company shall have a period of 30 days following its receipt of such written notice during which it may remedy in all material respects the Good Reason condition identified in such written notice, and the Executive must
terminate employment no later than two (2) years following the initial existence of the Good Reason condition identified in such written notice. 
 4 

(g) Notice of Termination . Notice of Termination shall mean a written
notice sent by the Executive or the Company to the other party, describing the reasons for the termination of the Executive s employment and including specific reference to the provision(s) of this Agreement at issue. Such Notice of Termination
must be provided by the party seeking to terminate the Executive s employment within 90 days of the existence of either Cause or Good Reason, as applicable, and the party receiving the Notice of Termination shall be given 30 days to remedy such
situation (to the extent applicable). (h) Termination Date . Termination Date shall mean: 
 (i) in the case of Disability, 30 days after Notice of Termination is given, provided that the Executive shall not have
returned to the performance of his or her duties on a full-time basis during such 30-day period; (ii) in the
case of Cause, the date on which Notice of Termination is given; (iii) in the case of Good Reason, 30 days
after the Notice of Termination is given, provided that the Company has not either remedied the conditions giving rise to Good Reason or waived its right to do so; and 
 (iv) in the event that employment is terminated for any other reason, the date on which the Executive ceases to perform
his or her duties for the Company; provided, however, that, if within 30 days after any Notice of Termination is given, the receiving party
notifies the other party that a dispute exists concerning the reasons for such termination of employment, the Termination Date shall be the date finally determined, either by written agreement of the parties or by a final judgment, order or decree
of court of competent jurisdiction (the time for appeal having expired and no appeal having been perfected), to be the date that the Executive s employment terminated; provided further, however, that if such dispute is resolved in favor of the
Company, the Termination Date shall be the date determined under clauses (i) through (iv) of this Section 1(h). 
 2. Entitlement to Benefits . The Executive shall be entitled to the benefits described in Section 3 below if: 
 (a) the Executive s employment is terminated either by the Company for reasons other than Disability or Cause or by the Executive for
Good Reason; provided, however, that, in order for the Executive to be eligible for any Change in Control Benefits, such termination of employment must occur within 24 months after a Change in Control of the Company; 
 (b) the Executive s Termination Date occurs while this Agreement is in effect; and 
 5 

(c) a Notice of Termination is provided in a timely manner (as described in
Section 1(g)) prior to the Executive s Termination Date by the Company (in the case of termination other than for Disability or Cause) or the Executive (in the case of termination for Good Reason). 
 Executive s employment shall be deemed to have terminated for Cause if, after the Executive s Termination Date, facts and circumstances are
discovered that would have justified a termination for Cause. In such event, the Company shall immediately cease any and all payments and benefits being paid or provided to the Executive under Section 3 and the Executive shall repay to the
Company within thirty (30) days all amounts previously paid to him or her pursuant to Section 3. Nothing in this Agreement is
intended to create or imply a promise or contract of employment for a specified term and either Executive or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without Cause or Good Reason, and with or without notice;
provided, however, that the Executive shall not be entitled to any benefits under this Agreement in the event his or her employment is terminated by the Company for Disability or Cause, by the Executive other than for Good Reason or following the
Executive s death or the expiration of this Agreement. This Agreement shall have no effect on any obligations that the Company may have to the Executive if his or her employment terminates under circumstances not described herein. 
 3. Benefits Upon Termination of Employment . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2 above, in order to receive the
benefits described in paragraphs (b), (c), (d) and (e) below, the Executive must timely deliver and not revoke an executed release of legal claims against the Company and its affiliates within the timelines set forth therein. 
 (a) Accrued Pay . The Company shall pay the Executive any base salary or vacation accrued but unpaid through his or her Termination
Date. (b) Severance Pay . The Company shall pay severance benefits to the Executive equal to the product of one and
one-half (1.5) times the sum of the following amounts, subject to any applicable limitations in Sections 3(f) and 3(g) below: (i) his or her annual base salary as in effect on the Effective Date, or, if applicable, the date of a Change in Control, plus 
 (ii) his or her target annual bonus under the Incentive Plan in effect in the calendar year in which the Termination Date
occurs, plus (iii) the amount that would have been required to be allocated to the Executive s account
(assuming that he elected the maximum employee contribution) for the year immediately preceding the year in which the Termination Date occurs under the Company s 401(k) retirement plan, including the Company 401(k) matching contribution, and
the profit-sharing provisions of the Company s Supplemental Plan (the Supplemental Plan 
 6 

Such severance amounts described above shall be paid to the Executive in regular
installments through the Company s normal payroll process and on the Company s normal payroll dates commencing within 90 days following his or her Termination Date; provided, however, that if such 90-day period begins in a first taxable
year and ends in a second taxable year, such severance amounts shall commence no earlier than the first payroll date of the second taxable year. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3(b), for purposes of calculating a Change in Control Benefit, the multiplier in Section 3(b) above shall be changed to two (2) and
the severance benefit shall be paid to the Executive in a single lump sum payment within 30 days following the Executive s Termination Date; provided, however, that if such 30-day period begins in a first taxable year and ends in a second
taxable year, such lump sum payment shall be paid to the Executive in the second taxable year. (c) Continued Benefits
Coverage . The Company shall maintain for the Executive s benefit all employee life, health, accident, and medical plan coverage(s) that Executive was receiving immediately prior to his or her Termination Date, provided that his or her
continued participation is allowed under the terms of such plans. The Company shall maintain such coverage(s) following the Executive s Termination Date for 18 months, or, if the Executive is entitled to a Change in Control Benefit, two
(2) years. With respect to any continued health coverage (medical, dental and vision), the Executive shall be required to pay the applicable active employee rate of coverage for similar coverage, and such coverage shall run concurrent with
coverage required to be provided under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ). If the Company continues to provide the continued health coverage described in this Section 3(c) after the applicable period
of COBRA coverage would have otherwise expired, the Executive may be taxed on the value of such coverage. No other welfare or fringe benefits shall be provided except as specifically provided in this Section 3(c). 
 (d) Incentive Compensation . The following amounts shall become payable to the Executive following his or her Termination Date, as
of the date that annual incentive awards are normally paid by the Company: (i) any unpaid amounts awarded to
the Executive as incentive compensation under the Incentive Plan for the calendar year immediately preceding the year in which the Termination Date occurs; and (ii) an amount equal to the award the Executive would have received under the Incentive Plan based upon actual Company performance for the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs, prorated for
the portion of the calendar year during which the Executive was employed. (e) Unvested Retirement Savings Benefits . If
the Executive is entitled to a Change in Control Benefit, the Company shall pay to the Executive as additional severance pay in a lump sum an amount, if any, equal to the nonvested portion of his or her account balances under the Company s
401(k) retirement plan and the defined contribution plan of any affiliate of the Company in which there is maintained for him or her an account balance which is not fully 
 7 

vested. Such payment shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum payment within 30 days following the Executive s Termination Date; provided, however, that if such 30-day period begins in a
first taxable year and ends in a second taxable year, such lump sum payment shall be paid to the Executive in the second taxable year. (f) Tax Withholding . The Company may withhold from any benefits payable under this Agreement any applicable federal, state, city or other taxes as required by law. 
 (g) Time of Payment for Specified Employees . Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 3 to the contrary, if the
Executive is a specified employee of the Company (as defined in Section 409A of the Code), amounts that would otherwise have been paid to or on behalf of the Executive under the foregoing provisions of this Section 3 (but
excluding amounts described in paragraphs 3(a) and 3(c) above) during the six-month period immediately following the Termination Date shall be paid on the first regular payroll date immediately following the six-month anniversary of the Termination
Date. (h) No Duty to Mitigate . The Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for
in this Section 3 by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment provided for in this Section 3 be reduced by any compensation earned by the Executive as the result of employment by another employer after the
Termination Date or by any other compensation. (i) No Other Severance Benefits . This Agreement sets forth the entire
agreement of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, whether oral or written, by any officer,
employee or representative of the Company, its affiliates or any of their predecessors, including but not limited to any severance pay program or other documents covering salaried or executive employees generally maintained by the Company, any of
its affiliates or subsidiaries. To the extent severance payments or benefits are required under any applicable local law or otherwise, benefits payable under this Agreement shall be reduced to the extent of any such severance payments or benefits
(including, but not limited to, any laws requiring payment in lieu of notice upon the Executive s termination of employment). 4. Certain Reductions Due to Section 280G . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event it shall be (or is subsequently) determined that any payment,
distribution or acceleration of vesting by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive (whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (any such payment, distribution or acceleration of vesting being referred to as a
 Payment would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then the Change in Control Benefit payable to the Executive under this Agreement shall be reduced (or appropriately
adjusted) to an amount that is one dollar less than the smallest amount that would give rise to the Excise Tax (the Reduced Amount if such Reduced Amount would be greater than the net after-tax proceeds (taking into account both the
Excise Tax and any interest or penalties payable with respect to the Excise Tax) of the unreduced Change in Control Benefit payable to the Executive. If the Change in Control Benefit is required to be reduced pursuant to this Section 4, there
shall be no discretion in the ordering of the Payments payable under this Agreement so 
 8 

reduced, and such reductions shall be applied in the order which results in the best economic benefit to Executive; and to the extent such ordering of reductions is economically equivalent, such
Payments shall be reduced on a pro rata basis. 5. Section 409A . This Agreement is intended to comply with the
requirements of Section 409A of the Code and shall be interpreted and construed consistently with such intent. The payments to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement are also intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code to the
maximum extent possible, under either the separation pay exemption pursuant to Treasury regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) or as short-term deferrals pursuant to Treasury regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4), and for this purpose each payment shall
constitute a separately identified amount within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-2(b)(2). Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that any amounts payable (or benefits provided) under this
Agreement are subject to the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, to the extent determined necessary, the parties agree to amend this Agreement in the least restrictive manner necessary to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income
recognition on the Executive under Section 409A of the Code, the final Treasury Regulations and other Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder 409A Penalties provided, that in no event shall the Company be responsible for any
409A Penalties that arise in connection with any amounts payable under this Agreement. In addition, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, references to termination of employment (and similar phrases) in this Agreement
shall be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the term separation from service under Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code and final Treasury Regulations and other Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder. 

6. 
 Restrictive Covenants . 
 (a) Confidential Information . The Executive acknowledges that he or she will have access to highly confidential information of the
Company and its affiliates, including, but not limited to: financial information, supply and service information, marketing information, personnel data, customer lists, business and financial plans and strategies, and product costs, sources and
pricing. The Company and the Executive consider it imperative that all such information Confidential Trade Secrets be held in complete confidence and trust. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that, notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement to the contrary, during and following the Executive s Termination Date with the Company, regardless of the reasons that such employment might end, the Executive will: 
 (i) hold all Confidential Trade Secrets in confidence and not discuss, communicate, disclose or transmit to others, or
make any unauthorized copy of or use the Confidential Trade Secrets in any capacity, position or business unrelated to the Company; (ii) use the Confidential Trade Secrets only in furtherance of proper Company employment related business reasons; and 
 (iii) take all reasonable action that the Company deems necessary and appropriate to prevent unauthorized use or
disclosure of or to protect the Confidential Trade Secrets. 
 9 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that the Executive s obligations under this
Section 6(a) do not extend to any knowledge or information which is or may become available to the public or to competitors other than by disclosure by the Executive in breach of this Agreement nor to any information the Executive may learn or
develop independent of the Confidential Trade Secrets, nor to disclosure compelled by judicial or administrative proceeding after the Executive diligently tries to avoid each disclosure and affords the Company the opportunity to obtain assurance
that compelled disclosures will receive confidential treatment. (b) Loyalty; Non-Solicitation . The Executive further
acknowledges that the loyalty and dedicated service of the Company s and its affiliates employees is critical to the Company s business. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that during and for a period of twelve (12) months after
the Executive s Termination Date, regardless of the reasons for the termination of employment, he or she will not, without the prior written consent of the Company, induce or attempt to induce any employee or agency representative of the
Company or any of its affiliates to leave the employment or representation of the Company or of any affiliate. The Executive also agrees that during and after his or her employment, he will not take any action, or make any statements, that discredit
or disparage the Company or its affiliates, or its or their officers, directors, employees or products. The Company agrees that it will not take any action or make any statements during and after Executive s employment that discredit or
disparage the Executive. The two preceding sentences shall not apply to statements made in papers filed in good faith with a court of law in connection with a lawsuit between the Executive and the Company or any of its affiliates. 
 (c) Non-Competition . The Executive acknowledges that the Company and its affiliates have invested time and money in establishing
or planning to establish one or more aspects of its business in major Beam markets, including but not limited to the United States, Australia/Southeast Asia/India/Brazil, Canada, Mexico and Europe/Middle East/Africa (the Competitive
Markets ). Therefore, the Executive agrees that during his or her employment by the Company and for a period of 12 months after the Executive s Termination Date, the Executive will not: 
 (i) directly or indirectly, individually engage in nor be competitively employed or retained by, or render any competing
services for, or be financially interested in, any firm or corporation engaged in any business in the Competitive Markets which competes with any business in which the Company or any of its affiliates was engaged during the two-year period preceding
the Executive s Termination Date, including, but not limited to any business in which, during such two-year period, the Executive was involved in the Company s or any affiliate s planning to enter such business. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, this restriction shall not apply to: (A) the purchase by the Executive of stock not to exceed 5 
of the outstanding shares of capital stock or any corporation whose securities are listed on any national securities exchange; or (B) the employment of the Executive by a non-competitive subsidiary or non-competitive affiliated entity of a competitor of the Company upon the Company s written consent, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld. 
 10 

(ii) solicit business from nor directly or indirectly cause others to
solicit business that competes with the Company s line of products from any entities which have been customers of the Company during the Executive s employment or which were targeted as potential customers during the twelve
(12) months preceding the Executive s Termination Date; provided, however, that the provisions of this Section 6(c) shall not
apply if the Executive s Termination Date occurs after a Change in Control. (d) Remedies . The Executive
recognizes and agrees: (i) that the covenants and restrictions in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of
this Section 6 are reasonable and valid and all defenses to the strict enforcement of such sections by the Company are waived by the Executive to the full extent permitted by law. In the event, however, that a court of competent jurisdiction
should determine in any case that the enforcement of any provision contained in such paragraphs would not be reasonable, it is intended that enforcement of a provision which is determined by such court to be reasonable shall be given effect; and
 (ii) that a breach of the covenants and restrictions in paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of this
Section 6 would result in irreparable harm to the Company which could not be compensated by money damages alone. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that should there be a breach of any or all of these provisions or a threatened breach, the
Company shall be entitled to cease paying amounts under Section 3 and to offset any amounts it owes to Executive against any damage that it has suffered as a result of the breach of any of the covenants and restrictions in paragraphs (a),
(b) or (c) of this Section 6 and, in addition to its other remedies, to an order enjoining any such breach or threatened breach without bond. In addition, the Executive agrees that, in the event he or she breaches any of the covenants
or restrictions of paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of this Section 6, he will promptly repay to the Company upon demand any amounts paid to him or her pursuant to Section 3. The Executive further agrees that if the Company prevails in
any action to enforce these provisions, he or she will reimburse the Company for its attorney fees and costs incurred in pursuing such action. 
 The Company agrees that it will seek enforcement of paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 6 only in a good faith, reasonable manner
and will not seek to enforce such sections solely for malicious and punitive reasons. 7. Disputes . In the event that
the Executive prevails in any action to obtain or enforce any rights under this Agreement, the Company shall pay the cost of legal fees and expenses incurred by Executive in such action, which payment shall be made directly to the provider of
services within the time period required by Section 409A of the Code; provided, 
 11 

however that the Executive shall be required to deliver and not revoke an executed release of claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (as such release may be updated from time to time to
reflect legal requirements). If a dispute arises concerning the Executive s entitlement to benefits under this Agreement following a Change in Control, the Company shall continue to pay Executive s full base salary through the date finally
determined to be his or her Termination Date. 8. Successors; Binding Agreement . 
 (a) The Company shall require any successor to all or substantially all of its business or assets (whether direct or indirect, by
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise), and any parent company thereof, to expressly assume and agree to perform the Company s obligations under this Agreement. (b) This Agreement shall not be assignable by the Executive except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive and his
or her personal or legal representatives and successors in interest. 9. Term . Unless otherwise earlier terminated in
writing by both parties, this Agreement shall be effective for the three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date. At the close of such three (3) year period and on each subsequent third anniversary of the Effective Date, the
Agreement shall automatically renew for an additional three (3) year period unless either party hereto shall notify the other party in writing of its intent not to renew the Agreement no less than thirty (30) days prior to the expiration
of the pending term; provided, however, that if within six (6) months following the non-renewal of the Agreement by the Company, the Company executes a definitive agreement which would lead to a Change in Control, then notwithstanding any other
term or provision of this Agreement, this Agreement shall be deemed not to have been terminated and will be effective in accordance with its terms through and including the date of such Change in Control (or the date on which such definitive
agreement is terminated, if earlier); and provided further, that if a Change in Control occurs during the term of this Agreement, the Agreement shall remain in effect for no less than 24 months following such Change in Control. Notwithstanding the
termination or expiration of this Agreement, the Restrictive Covenants provisions of Section 6 hereof shall remain in full force and effect as provided above. 10. Notice . Any notice, demand or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement shall be effective only if it is in writing and delivered personally or sent by registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: 

If to the Company: 

Beam Inc. 
 
 510 Lake Cook Road 
 
 Deerfield, Illinois 60015 
 
 Attention: General Counsel 
 
 12 

If to the Executive: 

At the address most recently on file with the Company 
 or to such other address as either party may designate by written notice to the other and shall be deemed to have been
given as of the date so personally delivered or mailed. 11. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) This Agreement cannot be modified or any term or condition waived in whole or in part except by a writing signed by the party against
whom enforcement of the modification or waiver is sought. (b) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Delaware. (c) No waiver by either party at any time of any breach of this Agreement by the
other party shall be deemed a waiver of such provisions or conditions at any prior or subsequent time. (d) The headings in
this Agreement are included for convenience and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. (e) The
invalidity or unenforceability of one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the enforceability any other provision of this Agreement. (f) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and such counterparts will together constitute one Agreement. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed by a duly authorized officer and attested to and the Executive
has set his or her hand as of the date first above written. 

BEAM INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Its: 

ATTEST: 

EXECUTIVE 

13 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-12>
 6
 d270277dex12.htm
 STATEMENT RE COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS

STATEMENT RE COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS 

Exhibit 12 BEAM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES STATEMENT RE COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS
TO FIXED CHARGES AND PREFERRED DIVIDENDS (Dollar amounts in millions) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Earnings Available: 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 

169.3 

345.7 

248.0 

625.9 

571.3 

Add: Total Fixed Charges (1) 

183.2 

231.7 

233.7 

268.0 

361.1 

Less: Income (loss) of equity investees included above 

14.1 

(0.7) 

4.0 

(24.4) 

Capitalized interest 

0.7 

Preferred dividends of consolidated subsidiaries 

13.8 

25.0 

Total Earnings Available 

338.4 

578.1 

477.7 

904.5 

906.7 

Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends: 

Interest expense and amortization of debt discount and expenses 

170.8 

213.8 

215.8 

237.2 

318.5 

Portion of rentals representative of an interest factor 

12.4 

17.9 

17.9 

17.0 

17.6 

Preferred dividends of consolidated subsidiaries 

13.8 

25.0 

Total Fixed Charges (1) 

183.2 

231.7 

233.7 

268.0 

361.1 

Preferred dividend requirements 

0.6 

0.6 

0.6 

0.7 

0.8 

Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends (1) 

183.8 

232.3 

234.3 

268.7 

361.9 

Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 

1.85 

2.50 

2.04 

3.38 

2.51 

Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends 

1.84 

2.49 

2.04 

3.37 

2.51 

(1) 
 Fixed charges include amounts from both continuing and discontinued operations. 

</EX-12>

<EX-18>
 7
 d270277dex18.htm
 LETTER ON CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES

Letter on Changes in Accounting Principles 

Exhibit 18 LETTER ON CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES February 28, 2012 
 Board of Directors Beam Inc. 
 510 Lake Cook Road Deerfield, Illinois 60015
 Dear Directors: We are providing
this letter to you for inclusion as an exhibit to your Form 10-K filing pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. We have audited the
consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 and issued our report thereon dated February 28, 2012. Note 1 to the financial statements describes a change
in accounting principle from presenting excise taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities on a gross basis to presenting them on a net basis. It should be understood that the preferability of one acceptable method of
accounting over another for the presentation of excise taxes has not been addressed in any authoritative accounting literature, and in expressing our concurrence below we have relied on management s determination that this change in accounting
principle is preferable. Based on our reading of management s stated reasons and justification for this change in accounting principle in the Form 10-K, and our discussions with management as to their judgment about the relevant business
planning factors relating to the change, we concur with management that such change represents, in the Company s circumstances, the adoption of a preferable accounting principle in conformity with Accounting Standards Codification 250,
 Accounting Changes and Error Corrections . Very truly yours, /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

</EX-18>

<EX-21>
 8
 d270277dex21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 

Exhibit 21 

Name of Company 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

Beam Global Spirits Wine LLC 
 
 Delaware 

John de Kuyper Son, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Bourbon Warehouse Receipts, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Jim Beam Brands Co. 
 
 Delaware 

Beam Finance (Luxembourg) S.a r.l. 
 
 Luxembourg 

Beam Global Finance UK Limited 
 
 England 

Beam Holdings (Luxembourg) S.a r.l. 
 
 Luxembourg 

Canadian Club Canada Inc. 
 
 Canada 

Alberta Distillers Limited 
 
 Alberta, Canada 

Beam Canada Inc. 
 
 Canada 

ADL Finance 2 ULC 
 
 Alberta, Canada 

Jim Beam Brands Canada, LP 
 
 New Brunswick, Canada 

Beam Irish Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Beam Ireland Finance LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Cooley s Holdings General Partnership 
 
 Delaware 

Beam Global Spirits Ireland Limited 
 
 Ireland 

Cooley Distillery plc 
 
 Ireland 

Bourbon Warehouse Netherlands B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Beam Netherlands B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Cruzan Viril Ltd. 
 
 US Virgin Islands 

Beam Global Australia Pty Ltd. 
 
 Australia 

Maxxium Cyprus Ltd. 
 
 Cyprus 

Denview Ltd. 
 
 Russia 

Beam Global (NZ) Limited 
 
 New Zealand 

Beam Global Asia Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

Jim Beam Brands Netherlands B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Maxxium Worldwide B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Beam Europe S. .r.l. 
 
 Luxembourg 

Beam Management GmbH 
 
 Germany 

Beam Deutschland Holdings GmbH 
 
 Germany 

Beam Deutschland GmbH 
 
 Germany 

Beam Inc UK Holdings Limited 
 
 England 

Beam Inc UK Limited 
 
 England 

Maxxium UK Ltd. 
 
 Scotland 

Maxxium Travel Retail Limited 
 
 Scotland 

Beam Spain, S.L. 
 
 Spain 

Beam Corporate Spain S.L. 
 
 Spain 

Beam Global Holdings de Mexico, S de RL de CV 
 
 Mexico 

Beam Global Spirits de Mexico, S de RL de CV 
 
 Mexico 

Promocion y Fomento de Agave S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Tequila Sauza, S de RL de CV 
 
 Mexico 

Servicios Corporativos Sauza S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

CR F, Unipessoal Lda 
 
 Portugal 

Maxxium Espana SL 
 
 Spain 

Fulham Acquisition LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Beam Spirits and Wines Mauritius 
 
 Mauritius 

Beam Global Spirits Wine (India) Private Limited 
 
 India 

Beam Holdings France SAS 
 
 France 

Courvoisier S.A.S 
 
 France 

Distillerie Charentaise Jubert S.A.S. 
 
 France 

SICA des Baronnnies de Jarnac S.A.C.V. 
 
 France 

REVICO S.N.C. 
 
 France 

L. de Salgnac Cie S.A.S 
 
 France 

Maker s Mark Distillery, Inc. 
 
 Kentucky 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 9
 d270277dex23.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Exhibit 23 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We hereby consent to the
incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-177865, 333-173753, 333-166322, 333-124448, 333-51173, 333-87260, 333-133717, 333-103734, 333-95919 and 033-64071, 333-133716, 333-103736, 333-95925 and 033-64075,
033-58865, 333-95909, 333-115350, 333-144994), and the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-159008) of Beam Inc. of our report dated February 28, 2012 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Chicago, Illinois
 February 28, 2012 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 10
 d270277dex24.htm
 POWERS OF ATTORNEY RELATING TO EXECUTION OF THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

POWERS OF ATTORNEY RELATING TO EXECUTION OF THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

Exhibit 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY Each of the undersigned, acting in the capacity or
capacities stated next to his or her below, constitutes and appoints MATTHEW J. SHATTOCK, ROBERT F. PROBST and KENTON R. ROSE, and each of them severally, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution, to
sign for and in the name of the undersigned in the capacities indicated below, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Beam Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits
thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Matthew J. Shattock Matthew J. Shattock 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) and Director 
 
 February 22, 2012 

/s/ Robert F. Probst Robert F. Probst 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial 
 Officer (principal financial officer) 
 
 February 22, 2012 

/s/ Leo A. Mierzwicki Leo A. Mierzwicki 
 
 Vice President and Corporate Controller 
 (principal accounting officer) 
 
 February 22, 2012 

/s/ Richard A. Goldstein Richard A. Goldstein 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2012 

/s/ Stephen W. Golsby Stephen W. Golsby 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2012 

/s/ Ann F. Hackett Ann F. Hackett 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2012 

/s/ A.D. David Mackay A.D. David Mackay 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2012 

/s/ Robert A. Steele Robert A. Steele 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2012 

/s/ Anne M. Tatlock Anne M. Tatlock 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2012 

/s/ Peter M. Wilson Peter M. Wilson 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2012 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 d270277dex311.htm
 CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 302

CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 302 

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Matthew J. Shattock, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 of Beam Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2012 

/s/ Matthew J. Shattock 

Matthew J. Shattock 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 d270277dex312.htm
 CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 302

CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 302 

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Robert F. Probst, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 of Beam Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2012 

/s/ Robert F. Probst 

Robert F. Probst 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 13
 d270277dex32.htm
 JOINT CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 906

JOINT CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 906 

EXHIBIT 32 JOINT CEO/CFO CERTIFICATE REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Each of the undersigned, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of Beam Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of the
Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and the results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 28, 2012 

/s/ Matthew J. Shattock 

Matthew J. Shattock 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Robert F. Probst 

Robert F. Probst 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Beam Inc. and will be
retained by Beam Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-99>
 14
 d270277dex99.htm
 LIST OF PENDING/TERMINATED CASES

LIST OF PENDING/TERMINATED CASES 

Exhibit 99 List of Pending Tobacco Cases The following sets forth the principal parties to the
proceedings referred to in Item 3 of this Form 10-K in which Registrant is currently named as a defendant, the court in which such proceedings are pending and the date such proceedings were instituted against Registrant: 
 DeBobes, L. (severed from Perri, A.) v. The American Tobacco Company, et al., Supreme Court of New York, Nassau County, October 17, 1997;
 Eiser, L. v. The American Tobacco Company, et al., Court of Common Pleas of Philadelphia County, Philadelphia, March 31, 1999;
 Gelfond, M. v. Fortune Brands, Inc., et al., Supreme Court of New York, New York County, May 1, 1998; 
 James, T. (severed from Crane, J.) v. The American Tobacco Company, et al., Supreme Court of New York, New York County, April 4, 1997; and
 Yedwabnick (f/k/a Smith, BJ) v. The American Tobacco Company, et al., Supreme Court of New York, Queens County, August 26, 1997.
 List of Terminated Tobacco Cases The following cases, previously listed as pending, have been dismissed and were not previously reported as such: None. 

</EX-99>

<EX-101.INS>
 15
 beam-20111231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 beam-20111231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 beam-20111231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 beam-20111231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 beam-20111231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 beam-20111231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

