<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20120316_10-K_edgar_data_1311241_0001047469-12-002833.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2431910</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>558775</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>403843</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1285686</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001047469-12-002833.hdr.sgml : 20120316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20120316163423
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001047469-12-002833
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20111231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20120316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20120316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTERMOLECULAR INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001311241
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				201616267
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35348
		FILM NUMBER:		12698090

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3011 NORTH FIRST STREET
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(408) 582-5700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3011 NORTH FIRST STREET
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001047469-12-002833.txt : 20120316

10-K
 1
 a2207823z10-k.htm
 10-K

Use these links to rapidly review the document 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-K 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from to 

Commission file number: 001-35348 

Intermolecular, Inc. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Delaware 
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 20-1616267 
(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

3011 N. First Street 
San Jose, California 
(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 95134 
(Zip Code) 

(408) 582-5700 
(Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Common Stock, 0.001 par value 
 
 The NASDAQ Global Select Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
this Form 10-K. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a 
smaller reporting company) 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes No 

 As of December 31, 2011, the aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock, par value 0.001, held by non-affiliates of the
registrant was approximately 150 million, based upon the closing sale price of such shares on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on December 30, 2011, which was the last trading day of
2011. The registrant has provided this information as of December 31, 2011 because, as of June 30, 2011, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal
quarter, the registrant's common stock was not listed on any exchange or over-the-counter market. For purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by executive
officers and directors of the registrant and by each person who owned 10 or more of the outstanding common stock on December 31, 2011 have been excluded because such persons may be deemed to
be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As
of March 15, 2012, the number of outstanding shares of the registrant's common stock, par value 0.001 per share, was 42,277,706. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Portions of the registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with the registrant's 2012
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed subsequent to the date hereof, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report. Such Definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the conclusion of the registrant's fiscal year ended December 31, 2011. Except with respect to information specifically
incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, the Proxy Statement is not deemed to be filed as part of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2011 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

4 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

24 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

45 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

45 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

45 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

45 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

46 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

50 

Item 7. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

54 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

78 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

79 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

115 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

115 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other information 

115 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

116 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

116 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

116 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

116 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

116 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule 

117 

Signatures 

118 

2 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related
notes that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, particularly in Part I, Item 1: "Business," Part I, Item 1A: "Risk Factors" and
Part 2, Item 7: "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." These statements are often identified by the use of words such as "may," "will,"
"expect," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "could," "should," "estimate," or "continue," and similar expressions or variations. All statements other than statements of historical fact could be
deemed forward-looking, including, but not limited to: any projections of financial information; any statements about historical results that may suggest trends for our business; any statements of the
plans, strategies, and objectives of management for future operations; any statements of expectation or belief regarding future events, technology developments, our customers and collaborative
development programs (CDPs), expenses, liquidity, cash flow, growth rates or enforceability of our intellectual property rights and related litigation expenses; and any statements of assumptions
underlying any of the foregoing. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ
materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. For Intermolecular, particular
uncertainties that could affect future results include:
our dependence on a limited number of customers; our ability to manage our growth, including an increasing number of employees, customers and CDPs; the length of our sales and development cycles, and
our ability to generate material revenue after we have devoted significant resources to developing a project; our ability to evolve existing products, anticipate trends in technology development and
introduce new developments in a timely manner in the rapidly changing semiconductor and clean-energy industries; our customers' ability to manufacture, market and sell products that incorporate
technology developed through the CDPs; fluctuations in the number and price of products sold by our customers that incorporate technology developed through the CDPs, and the shortening life cycles of
those products, in each case impacting our licensing and royalty revenue; our ability to scale our development efforts, our ability to secure new CDPs with new or existing customers and the timing of
those CDPs; the degree to which existing CDPs are completed or expanded; our ability to maintain existing commercial terms or enter into new licensing arrangements with our customers once they begin
to sell their end products; our ability to make the substantial research and development investments required to stay competitive in our business; our ability to develop our high productivity
combinatorial (HPC) platform and expertise to support our future growth plans in adjacent vertical markets such as clean-energy markets; any potential involvement in intellectual property litigation;
any potential payments to our customers resulting from our intellectual property indemnification policies and obligations; our reliance on our customers to deliver timely and accurate information to
accurately report our financial results from licensing and royalty revenue; our potential need for additional capital to finance our business; any delay in shipments caused by shortages of components
incorporated in our customers' products, design errors or other manufacturing problems associated with our customers' products; the highly cyclical nature of and price volatility in the semiconductor
industry; the emerging and uncertain nature of the clean-energy industry; potential warranty claims, product recalls and product liability for our HPC tools and for our customers' products that
incorporate technology developed through our CDPs; global or regional economic, political and social conditions; and business interruptions such as earthquakes and other natural disasters. For a
discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, see the discussion on risk factors that appear in Part I,
Item 1A: "Risk Factors" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other risks and uncertainties detailed in this and our other reports and filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, or SEC. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K represent our views as of the date of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point
in the future, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views
as of any date subsequent to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 3 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

 Overview 

 We have pioneered a proprietary approach to accelerate research and development, innovation and time-to-market
for the semiconductor and clean-energy industries. Through paid collaborative development programs (CDPs) with our customers, we develop proprietary technology and intellectual property (IP) for our
customers focused on advanced materials, processes, integration and device architectures. This technology enables our customers to bring optimized, high-volume manufacturing-ready
integrated devices to market faster and with less risk than traditional approaches to research and development (R D). We provide our customers with proprietary technology through various fee
arrangements and grant them rights to associated IP, primarily through royalty-bearing licenses. Our proprietary approach is broadly applicable to high-volume integrated device markets,
which include the markets for semiconductors, flat glass coatings and glass-based devices, solar cells, light-emitting diodes (LEDs), flat-panel displays, advanced batteries and other
energy-efficient technologies. 

 Our
approach consists of our proprietary high productivity combinatorial (HPC) platform, coupled with our multi-disciplinary team. Our HPC platform consists of our Tempus HPC processing
tools, automated characterization and informatics and analysis software. Our platform is purpose-built for R D using combinatorial process systems. Combinatorial processing is a methodology for
discovery and development that employs parallel and other high-throughput experimentation, which allows R D experimentation to be performed at speeds up to 100 times faster than
traditional methods. Our processing tools allow us to perform up to 192 experiments on a single substrate as compared to traditional methods, which typically allow only a single experiment at a time.
Our automated characterization systems and proprietary informatics and analytics match the high throughput of our processing tools. Our multi-disciplinary team of approximately 147 scientists and
engineers as of December 31, 2011, of whom approximately 60 have Ph.D.s, designs customized workflows for our customers' specific applications using the HPC platform and applies the workflows
in collaboration with our customers. The combination of the HPC platform and our team generates significant competitive advantages for our customers. By accelerating innovation and enabling our
customers to commercialize higher-performance and lower-cost integrated devices faster than through traditional methods of R D, we provide them an opportunity to gain market share and
generate higher margins, including through a first-mover advantage. 

 Our
business model aligns our interests with those of our customers as we collaborate to develop differentiated proprietary technology and IP for high-volume integrated
devices through collaborative development programs. Customers pay us development services fees during multi-year CDPs, which typically initially last for two years and may range from one
to three years. Our customers receive rights to the technology and IP developed during the CDPs, and once our customers commercialize products using this technology and IP, they pay us primarily
through royalties. In certain cases, we sell HPC processing tools to our customers who pay a recurring license to operate those tools with our combinatorial processing capabilities. By aligning our
interests with those of our customers, we facilitate collaboration and open communication that is more likely to result in innovative, differentiated products and future CDPs with those customers. 

 We
currently target large, high-volume semiconductor and high-growth emerging clean-energy markets, including DRAM, flash memory, complex logic, flat glass
coatings and glass-based devices, solar cells, LEDs and other energy-efficient technologies. Within these broad markets, we target customers that have track records of technological innovation, deploy
significant resources and are pursuing technical advancements that are critical to their success and strategy. Our customers include ATMI, Elpida Memory, GLOBALFOUNDRIES, Guardian Industries, SanDisk,
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) and Toshiba. Each of ATMI, Elpida, and GLOBALFOUNDRIES 

 4 

Table of Contents 

 accounted
for 10 or more of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2011, and each of ATMI and Elpida accounted for 10 or more of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2010.
ATMI and Elpida have commenced shipping products incorporating technology developed through our CDPs and pay us licensing and royalty fees. To date, we have received the majority of our revenue from
customers in DRAM, flash memory, complex logic and energy-efficient applications in flat glass, and have not yet received a material amount of revenue from customers in solar cells, LEDs and other
energy-efficient technologies. 

 Industry Background 

 High-volume integrated devices serve large and growing markets, including the markets for semiconductors, flat glass, solar
cells, LEDs, flat-panel displays, advanced batteries and other energy-efficient technologies. Success in these markets requires rapid and cost-effective product innovation,
fast time-to-market, competitive pricing, production scalability and the ability to achieve specific requirements. These devices are typically manufactured using
thin-film deposition of advanced materials through customized processes that create a specific device architecture. It is increasingly necessary to evaluate elements in the periodic table
that have previously not been used in high-volume manufacturing to deliver performance and cost improvements, and to develop advanced device structures capable of addressing particular
application requirements. These device structures must then be scaled and integrated into cost-effective manufacturing processes to serve high-volume integrated device markets.
Traditional R D approaches are increasingly challenged by the market need to accelerate innovation and time-to-market for the semiconductor and clean-energy industries. 

 Semiconductor Industry 

 Since the inception of the semiconductor industry more than 50 years ago, innovation has been continually driven by consumer
demands for smaller, higher-performance, more power-efficient and less expensive electronic products. Recently, this innovation has been driven by broad end-market demand for smartphones,
PCs, tablet computers, cloud computing, high-definition media, and advanced aerospace and industrial applications. The semiconductor industry is characterized by intense competition, with
many semiconductor companies seeking to gain market advantage over competitors by expanding their broad product portfolios, using their deep design and/or process capabilities and leveraging their IP
libraries. Increasingly, these companies are relying on combinations of advanced materials, processes, integration and device architectures to compete and differentiate their products. 

 Historically,
the pace of semiconductor innovation has been enabled by device scaling, in which, according to Moore's Law, the number of transistors in a design generally doubles every
two years. This increasing density has reduced costs and improved capabilities over time, thereby driving market demand and growth. However, semiconductors are approaching the limitations of device
scaling with the current set of materials and manufacturing processes. Consequently, semiconductor manufacturers are turning to advanced materials, processes, integration and new device architectures
to enable continued device scaling and to deliver improved product performance and cost competitiveness. The reliance on advanced materials, processes, integration and new device architectures has in
turn made advancements in semiconductor technology increasingly complex and expensive. Each new process node requires experimentation with more elements in the periodic table and more material
combinations to deliver the desired physical and electrical characteristics for device performance and manufacturability. For example, the broad adoption of copper interconnects enabled the industry
to continue device scaling in the microprocessor field, but as this advancement required changes not only in materials, but also in processes, integration and device architectures to achieve
high-volume, cost-effective manufacturing, the transition was challenging and slow. 

 Semiconductor
manufacturing companies have used device scaling to shrink transistors and develop new process technology nodes to address customer requirements for lower cost and higher
performance 

 5 

Table of Contents 

 integrated
circuits (ICs). However, advanced R D and new fabrication facility costs have increased significantly over time, especially as the use of advanced materials and processes have become
increasingly important to the development and introduction of the latest generation process technology nodes. The greater expertise and higher costs required to explore advanced materials, processes,
integration and new device architectures have led to increased specialization among materials, capital equipment, semiconductor manufacturing and IC design companies. However, this specialization has
left gaps in the industry knowledge base with respect to the complexities of the interaction between materials science, process technology, device integration and the scale-up to
high-volume IC production. 

 To
succeed in the market and deliver an appropriate financial return, semiconductor companies are under intense pressure to rapidly develop optimized ICs and efficiently scale them to
cost-effective production. Using advanced semiconductor materials, processes, integration and new device architectures requires intensive, time-consuming experimentation
because advanced materials are not well understood and accurate, robust models do not exist. As a result, semiconductor companies must increasingly rely on time and resource-intensive, empirical R D
to develop innovative solutions and enable manufacturability at lower costs. 

Clean-Energy Industry 

 The emerging clean-energy markets also depend on improvements in advanced materials, processes, integration and new device
architectures. Clean-energy markets, which include the markets for flat glass coatings and glass-based devices, solar cells, LEDs, advanced batteries and other energy-efficient technologies, remain in
early stages of technological evolution. Companies in the fast-evolving clean-energy markets are in the early stages of understanding materials, processes, integration, device
architectures and manufacturing methodologies. As a result, those companies that successfully develop relevant, scalable proprietary materials and device technologies will likely have a competitive
advantage over their peers in both time-to-market and price. 

 Decreasing
prices, government policies and social awareness are driving growth in the clean-energy markets and certain sectors have entered high-volume production. Reduced
prices and improved performance relative to traditional alternatives generally catalyze widespread adoption of new technologies. For example, LEDs, for the general illumination market, are currently
more expensive to purchase than incandescent and fluorescent lighting. To increase penetration of the general lighting market, price reductions and improvements in performance, such as brightness,
color and form factor will be critical. New advanced materials, improved process technologies and new device architectures will enable larger wafer sizes, less costly substrate materials,
higher-volume production and improved yields for lower-cost and higher-performing LEDs. 

 Because
of the early stages of technology development in the clean-energy markets, there are significant opportunities for cost savings and potential competitive advantage. Market
participants who resolve the price-performance challenges ahead of their competitors through advanced materials, processes, integration and new device architectures may greatly accelerate market
adoption and establish themselves as market leaders. These opportunities amplify the importance of empirical R D to develop low-cost, high-performance solutions in these
early-stage markets. 

 Current Challenges with Innovation in High-Volume Integrated Device Markets 

 Advanced materials and device integration are driving forces behind technology advancement in the high-volume integrated
device markets. In addition, innovation in these markets and control of the resulting IP are critical to enable competitive differentiation. However, the existing approach used to explore new
materials, processes, integration and device architectures is complex, time-consuming and requires empirical R D. 

 6 

Table of Contents 

 Traditionally,
device manufacturers have conducted R D using expensive high-volume manufacturing tools that are not specifically built for that purpose. Production tools
typically can only run one process at a time, which leads to limited cycles of learning. Furthermore, using tools deployed in a production environment for R D requires reserving tool time on
high-volume manufacturing lines to evaluate each experiment, resulting in substantial opportunity costs for existing product manufacturing. High-volume manufacturing
environments are also not conducive to R D because these environments require stability to minimize risk and to reduce contamination that the research-based introduction of new materials, tools or
processes may cause. Additionally, high-volume manufacturing is conducted by operators focused on repetitive, mistake-free processing, not on many cycles of trial and error. In
addition to some of the challenges above, certain clean-energy device manufacturers use laboratory-scale tools for R D, which do not address the scale-up requirements critical to
high-volume manufacturing. These factors combine to increase development risks due to long learning cycles, limited data sets, narrow exploration capabilities and slow
time-to-market. 

 Successful
R D programs require flexibility around experimentation and the introduction of new materials, chemicals, processes and tools to derive the most efficient
high-volume integrated device solutions. Furthermore, we believe they are best administered by scientists and engineers with experience across various disciplines of equipment, materials,
device architectures and processes to conduct successful experiments and derive optimized solutions. 

 The
following existing approaches have been used to complement internal R D, but each has specific limitations: 

Equipment
suppliers. Equipment suppliers provide solutions that are not tailored to specific customer applications. Additionally, they provide
high-volume manufacturing solutions that are not purpose-built for researching the interaction of advanced materials, processes, integration and device architectures. 
 Industry
consortia. Industry consortia provide solutions that offer no competitive differentiation because the customer must share the IP with
all consortium participants, including competitors. 
 Alliance
partnerships. Alliance partnerships impose limitations on the overall outcome, as they are typically structured to find generic
solutions rather than the solutions for a particular application. Additionally, these generic solutions are offered to a small set of competitors and are not customer-specific or application-specific. 
 University
research. University research provides theoretical solutions requiring additional work and time to commercialize, since this work
typically does not address manufacturing or commercialization challenges. 
 Third-party IP
licensing. Third-party IP licensing is primarily used for defensive purposes or market access. Those who cross-license IP do not receive
a solution that is specific to the customer, manufacturing process or application, and the received solution is not differentiated from what their competitors receive through the same license. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Substantially improved methodologies are required to generate the learning cycles necessary to accelerate innovation, improve product development and ensure
manufacturing scalability of high-volume integrated devices. Further, companies require new ways to develop proprietary technology and obtain IP rights to support competitive advantage for
their new products. 

 Our Solution 

 We have pioneered a proprietary approach to accelerate research and development, innovation and time-to-market
for the semiconductor and clean-energy industries. Using our approach, we develop technology and IP rights focused on advanced materials, processes, integration and device architectures in
collaboration with our customers. This technology enables our customers to bring optimized, high-volume manufacturing-ready integrated devices to market faster and with less risk than
traditional approaches to R D. Our proprietary HPC platform consists of our Tempus HPC processing tools, automated characterization and informatics and analysis software. Our HPC platform increases
R D productivity because it is purpose-built for R D and utilizes advanced combinatorial processing systems, which allow for experiments to be performed at speeds up to 100 times faster than
traditional methods. We provide our customers with proprietary technology through various fee arrangements and grant them rights to IP developed during the collaboration, primarily through
royalty-bearing licenses. Our multi-disciplinary
team of approximately 147 scientists and engineers as of December 31, 2011, of whom approximately 60 have Ph.D.s, designs customized workflows for our customers' specific applications using our
HPC platform and applies the workflows in collaboration with our customers to develop proprietary technology for them. 

 The
key elements of our HPC platform include the following: 

Tempus HPC
processing. We use our Tempus HPC processing tools to rapidly process different experiments consisting of various combinations of
materials, processing parameters, sequencing and device structures. We are able to perform up to 192 experiments on a single substrate, as compared to traditional methods, which typically allow only a
single experiment at a time. 
 Automated
characterization. We use automated characterization systems to characterize the substrates processed by our Tempus HPC processing tools,
thereby rapidly generating experimental data while matching our processing throughput. 
 Informatics and analysis
software. We use our informatics and analysis software to automate experiment generation, characterization, data analysis and reporting,
in each case while matching our processing throughput, and to create an aggregated and searchable database of information that includes the experimental results we generate. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 The
following graphic illustrates how these elements combine to form our HPC platform: 

Benefits to Our Customers 

 Our business model aligns our interests with those of our customers as we collaborate to develop optimized, manufacturing-ready IP for
high-volume integrated devices. We provide our customers with proprietary technology through various fee arrangements and grant them rights to IP developed during our CDPs, primarily
through royalty-bearing licenses. Our differentiated platform solution and approach to collaborative engagements are designed to deliver the following significant benefits to our
customers: 

Accelerated time-to-market with better,
lower-cost products. Faster processing of experiments, throughput-matched characterization and real-time data
management and analysis allow additional learning cycles and broader exploration of materials and process solution combinations. In highly competitive markets, the resulting speed to market with
improved, lower-cost products enables our customers to gain market share and improve profitability. 
 Development of application and manufacturing-ready IP tailored to our
customers' specifications. When we engage in a CDP with our customers, we use our HPC platform and customized workflows to develop
IP-protected, proprietary technology that is tailored to our customers' applications and ready for high-volume manufacturing. We provide our customers rights to the IP for
their applications primarily through royalty-bearing licenses. 
 Increased R D productivity and reduced technology
risk. Using our combinatorial processes, we narrow the potential combinations of advanced materials, processes and device architecture
solutions through a series of increasingly rigorous screening stages to guide the selection of solutions that meet device performance requirements and that are cost-efficient and ready for
high-volume manufacturing. The combinatorial process of screening and evaluating these solutions and their manufacturability mitigates our customers' technology risk earlier in the
development cycle. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Strengths 

 We have pioneered, developed and patented a proprietary platform and methodology for accelerating R D in the semiconductor and
clean-energy markets. Our strengths include: 

Proprietary and patented HPC
platform. Our HPC platform employs proprietary and patented combinatorial methods to parallel process up to 192 experiments on a single
substrate as compared to traditional methods, which typically allow only a single experiment at a time. As of December 31, 2011, we owned or had exclusive rights within our field of use to 730
U.S. patents and patent applications (some of which also have foreign counterparts), which provide us with a competitive advantage in the use of combinatorial methods and systems in our target
markets. 
 Flexible technology platform configurable for and extendable to
multiple markets. Our HPC platform can be configured for many applications and extended to address the broad set of integrated device
markets. Because of the similarities in materials deposition, manufacturing processes and device integration complexities across markets, our platform allows us to create customized workflows and
support innovation across multiple markets. 
 Seasoned engineering team with multi-disciplinary
expertise. We have assembled a multi-disciplinary team of approximately147 scientists and engineers, of whom approximately 60 have
Ph.D.s, with expertise across various disciplines, fields and technologies, including engineering, materials science, process development and integration, equipment, device process technologies and
device integration. 
 Collaborative customer engagements leading to IP generation and
strategic alignment. Our business model aligns our financial interests with those of our customers, to whom we grant rights to
proprietary technology and IP developed during our collaborations. Customers pay us development service and HPC platform subscription fees during multi-year CDPs. As they commercialize
products incorporating technology developed through the CDPs, our customers then pay licensing fees and/or royalties, including fixed fees and fees based on percentages of revenue and/or fee per
product. In certain cases, we sell HPC processing tools to our customers and receive recurring license fees. This alignment of interests facilitates collaboration and open communication that improves
development efficiencies and is more likely to result in innovative, differentiated products, which in turn creates a cycle of success that leads to future CDPs with those customers. 
 Attractive business model with contracted CDP revenue and recurring
high-margin royalties. Our multi-year CDPs generate predictable CDP and services revenue from our customers.
Our CDPs also establish the terms upon which we will receive licensing and royalty revenue from the sale of our customers' products that incorporate technology developed through our CDPs. These
royalty arrangements create a business model with attractive margins and a high degree of near-term visibility. We expect to generate more revenue through royalty-based licenses as more of
our customers commercialize and ramp production of products incorporating technology developed through the CDPs. 

Our Strategy 

 Our mission is to drive our customers' success by transforming R D and accelerating innovation in markets that derive competitive
advantage from the interaction of materials science, processes, integration and device architecture. To accomplish this, we: 

Target large, high-volume semiconductor
markets. We target large, high-volume semiconductor markets, including DRAM, flash memory and complex logic. Success in
these markets requires semiconductor companies to consistently remain at the leading edge of cost and performance, 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

which
demands innovation around materials science, processes, integration and device architectures. 

Target large, high-growth, emerging clean-energy
markets. We target large, high growth, emerging clean-energy markets, including the markets for flat glass coatings and glass-based
devices, thin film and crystalline solar cells, LEDs, advanced batteries and other energy-efficient technologies. We believe we can deliver significant improvements in cost, performance and
manufacturability in these markets with our HPC platform. 
 Engage with existing and potential market leaders in our target
markets. We enter into CDPs with companies that are well-positioned to lead their markets. We engage with customers that
have track records of technological innovation, deploy significant resources and are pursuing advancements that are critical to their success and strategy. 
 Create proprietary IP with our
customers. We develop differentiated, IP-protected technologies with our customers, and we grant them rights to these
technologies and IP, primarily through royalty-bearing licenses. We structure our customer engagements so that our business interests align with their market success. 
 Enhance our HPC platform and multi-disciplinary
team. We continue to develop, broaden and protect our processing, characterization, data analysis and workflow capabilities. To enhance
our existing platform, we will expand our existing multi-disciplinary team by continuing to recruit personnel with broad skill sets. 
 Explore and develop new technologies in high-volume
integrated devices. We will continue to explore and internally develop new technologies and expertise to serve future customers in our
targeted markets, including, in particular, clean energy. We will focus these efforts in markets which are in the early stages of development to speed innovation, capture value and facilitate success
for customers. 

Our Platform 

 HPC Workflows 

 We begin the development and discovery process by working with our customers to define the specific requirements a new solution should
have to meet the needs of a given application. Generally, these criteria are well beyond the performance attributes of currently available solution sets. We then apply the components of our HPC
platform to develop and discover solution sets that match these criteria. 

Once
an experiment is processed, the data sets of each experiment are stored in a secure database and analyzed for desired properties. As with processing, our clean room labs include a
broad array of characterization and metrology instruments and software to evaluate different properties under a wide variety of process conditions. These properties include physical, electrical,
mechanical, thermal, chemical, and optical properties. In general, we are able to design, process and characterize tens to hundreds of experiments in a single day. 

To
reach the point of commercialization or transfer to our customers' manufacturing process qualification, a solution set must progress through an extensive series of screening stages.
Below is an 

 11 

Table of Contents 

illustration
of the screening process of the HPC platform for use in evaluating materials, unit processes, and process sequences. 

Primary Screening. Primary screening incorporates and
focuses on materials discovery. Materials are screened for certain properties to select possible candidates for a next level of screening. In the initial primary screening there may be thousands of
candidates that are subsequently reduced to hundreds of candidates. 
 Secondary Screening. Solution candidate materials from
primary screening are advanced to secondary screening processes that will examine materials and unit process development. In this secondary screening, processes and integration may be additionally
considered to narrow the candidates from hundreds of candidates to tens of candidates. 
 Tertiary Screening. Solution candidate materials and
process conditions that continue to meet or exceed the defined criteria through the secondary screening stage are then either transferred to our customer or processed internally for additional
characterization and scale up. These candidates are then characterized on a larger scale, and correlation of the desired process is developed to allow the transfer of the developed technology in a
manufacturing scale process. 
 Manufacturing and Commercialization. Once a candidate has
passed this development scale analysis, it is ready for commercialization and the customer will decide whether to commercialize the developed technology. 

Secondary
screening begins while primary screening is still ongoing, and while we are still generating additional primary screening candidates. Tertiary screening begins once we have
identified a 

 12 

Table of Contents 

 reasonable
set of options from secondary screening, and while we are still generating additional secondary screening candidates. As these stages overlap, there may be feedback from later stages that
is then incorporated back into an earlier stage to further optimize the selection of materials, unit processes and process sequences. 

 Wet Processing Tools 

 We offer a series of wet processing tools which apply HPC methods to fluids-based applications such as cleans, deposition and wet etch,
self-assembly, and surface treatment processes. These tools, which can be used alone or in combination, include: 

Tempus F-10. A stand-alone system used for
primary screening through the automatic creation of formulations, especially those involving powders and viscous liquids. 
 Tempus F-20. A stand-alone system for
materials and process screening, which is used for library creation as well as processing of wafer coupons. This product can be used for primary or secondary screening, depending on the reactor block
design and the substrate type. 
 Tempus F-30. A stand-alone system for
integration and tertiary scale up screening, which is used to scale up the most promising results from primary and secondary screening to full-size patterned wafers (200 or 300mm). 

Dry Processing Tools 

 In addition, we offer dry processing tools which apply HPC methods to vapor-based applications. Each of these tools can be used in
primary, secondary and tertiary screening. These tools, which can be used alone or in combination, include: 

Tempus P-30-HPC-Physical Vapor Deposition
(PVD). A 300mm chamber with the ability to use up to four PVD sources and three optional deposition methods (including DC, RF and pulse
DC) on a vast range of film thicknesses and/or compositions and/or film stacks within each site-isolated region of a substrate. 
 Tempus A-30-HPC-Atomic Layer Deposition
(ALD). A 300mm chamber capable of site isolation of both metal and dielectric films across quadrants of the wafer, with the ability to
introduce variation of film thickness and/or composition and/or film stacks within each quadrant. 
 Tempus AP-30. A configurable platform with
multiple A-30 or P-30 chambers and common support modules to facilitate both ALD and PVD for rapid screening of thin-film metal alloys, dielectrics and multilayer
stacks. Processes can be scaled to facilitate high-volume manufacturing. 

Automated Characterization 

 Immediately after processing substrates on our Tempus HPC processing tools, we use automated and customized characterization
instruments to rapidly generate physical and electrical data from the experiments. The aggregated data is automatically loaded into our informatics data warehouse. As with processing, our clean room
labs include a broad array of characterization and
metrology instruments and software to evaluate different properties under a wide variety of process conditions. Our characterization instruments match the throughput of our processing tools to
maximize experimental learning cycles. 

 13 

Table of Contents 

 Informatics Software, Analysis and Services 

 Our informatics software has the ability to automate the capture, entry and storage of HPC processing and automated characterization
and metrology data and then to evaluate, summarize and securely distribute in real time this data to the appropriate parties. Additionally, we use our informatics software to leverage experiments
processed and characterized in the past for a customer to increase the speed and effectiveness of the engagement. The key components of our informatics software include: 

Workflow management software. Manages the design and
process of experiments, metrology and collection of data and summarizes aggregated data to the various working teams in the form of status reports; provides our customers with real-time
access to results of our experiments and analysis; 
 Analysis and reporting software. Provides data and
analysis tools to evaluate process distributions, correlate electrical distributions, map defectivity distributions, perform spectral analysis and facilitate interactive creation of summary reporting; 
 Security and collaboration management software. Provides
secure communication between geographically dispersed working teams, ensures the security of created documentation and presentations, manages the minutes for meetings, provides programs and project
plans to coordinate working teams, shares summary reports across the working team and provides reviews of finished processes and status of ongoing processes; and 
 Integration services. Facilitate collaboration between our
tools and the customer's process and metrology tools, automate the recipe loading, automate data collection and leverage software to customize reports. 

Our Technology 

 Embedded throughout our hardware and software, our technology is based upon the parallel and/or rapid serial experimentation
capabilities of combinatorial methods. High-productivity combinatorial methods generally refer to techniques that vary materials, unit processes, process, and device integration sequences
across multiple regions of one or more substrates, the output of which can then be evaluated in parallel. Our informatics software and analytical methods characterize and analyze these combinations of
materials, unit processes, process, and device integration sequences for the most promising solutions in a structured, automated and throughput-matched fashion. The relationship between materials,
processes, integration and device output are established earlier in the development process, so that performance and manufacturability considerations are taken into account from the outset, instead of
late in the R D process. 

 Although
our approach is unique in the semiconductor and clean-energy industries, combinatorial technology has been widely used in other industries, especially where new materials
function as primary enablers of product innovation. Examples include the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and energy sectors, where combinatorial techniques have been accelerating development since the
early 1990s. 

 We
are able to deploy and benefit from our proprietary combinatorial methods because of our multi-disciplinary team of approximately 147 scientists and engineers as of
December 31, 2011, of 

 14 

Table of Contents 

 whom
approximately 60 have Ph.D.s. Our team has expertise in a wide range of disciplines, fields and technologies, including the following: 

Disciplines

Applications 
 
 Equipment 
(Hardware Process) 
 
 Devices 
(Processes and Integration) 

Chemistry 
Physics 
Materials science 
Engineering Chemical 
 Electrical 
 Mechanical 
 Software 
 Controls Systems 
 
 Equipment development 
 Systems engineering Semiconductor tools 
 Flat panel display tools 
 Software 
 Design, qualification, manufacturing Modeling / TCAD Development / integration 
 Yield management Statistical methods 
 Test structures Inspection, review characterization Electrical test 
 
 Deposition ALD PVD PECVD CVD (metals/dielectrics) ECD / electroless 
 CBD / curtain coating 
 MOCVD 
 Lithography/Etch 
 Wet processing 
 Laser annealing 
 Rapid Thermal Annealing 
 Defect detection CBD / curtain coating CBD / curtain coating contrast 
 
 Process, equipment, integration DRAM / Non-Volatile Memory Microprocessors 
 Solar cells (CIGS, thin film Si,
cSi) Low e glass
coatings LED Flash Emerging Memories 
 Process technologies Selenization / absorber formation Shallow trench isolation gapfill High-k / metal gate Contact advanced silicide 
 Advanced Cu interconnect (Cu,
Al) Advanced packaging 
 Nitride Epitaxy 
 Transparent Conductive Oxide 
 Oxidation 
 Nitridation 
 Rapid Thermal Processing 
 DRAM 
 Flash 
 Emerging Memories 

Our Collaborative Development Programs 

 Our CDPs allow our customers to collaborate with our multi-disciplinary team on specific technical problems. We establish processes and
procedures to protect our customers' confidential information during these CDPs. Our CDP work is primarily carried out at our facility in close collaboration with our customers. In addition, we
support device qualification for pilot manufacturing at our customers' manufacturing and development sites. Customer teams and our teams collaborate on development of new materials, unit processes,
process modules and integration sequences, and qualify the supply chain for high-volume manufacturing. Our multi-disciplinary team can rapidly adapt our Tempus HPC platform to meet
customer requirements and develop and optimize device and product technologies to ensure success with customer programs. 

 We
typically initiate new customer engagements with smaller, customer-paid programs called micro-CDPs. Our micro-CDPs precede the full CDP. These are
smaller programs that require significantly less investment from our team but allow us to demonstrate the capabilities of our HPC platform to a customer without requiring a customer to commit to a
multi-year agreement. We use 

 15 

Table of Contents 

 these
micro-CDPs to demonstrate the capabilities and value of our HPC platform to these new customers, with the objective of engaging with these customers in a full CDP. 

 Our
CDPs are designed to result in the development of proprietary technology and IP for new devices, manufacturing process technology and materials, which we license to our customers for
use in volume production. We provide our customers with proprietary technology through various fee arrangements and grant them rights to associated IP primarily through royalty-bearing licenses. 

 In
the early stages of developing our business, we structured engagements with customers to allow us to continue to grow while also giving customers an opportunity to invest in our
business and success. We do not expect to continue to provide our customers and partners with opportunities to invest in our company in the future, independent of their ability to do so in the open
market. 

 Our Customers 

 Our customers include semiconductor device, semiconductor materials and equipment and clean-energy market leaders, including ATMI,
Elpida, GLOBALFOUNDRIES, Guardian, SanDisk, Toshiba and TSMC. Typically, our customers engage in CDPs with our team leveraging our HPC platform to develop and commercialize high-volume
integrated devices using collaboratively developed technology. To date, ATMI and Elpida have already successfully developed products through their CDPs and we have granted them rights to the
associated technology and IP rights through royalty-bearing licenses. Successes in our initial CDPs have led to expanded relationships and follow-on programs with existing customers for
new products and applications. 

 The
majority of our revenue in 2011 comes from ATMI, Elpida, GLOBALFOUNDRIES, SanDisk and Toshiba, which represented a combined 83 of our total revenue during the year ended
December 31, 2011, compared with 72 and 88 of our revenue coming from two customers, ATMI and Eplida, during the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. We believe that
the revenue concentration associated with these customers will likely decline as our other customers begin to transition technology developed through CDPs into licensing and royalty revenue and as we
continue to enter into new CDPs with new and existing customers in the semiconductor and clean-energy markets. In addition, revenue from Elpida may decline as a result of Elpida's February 2012 filing
for protection under the Corporate Reorganization Act in Japan. For example, as part of any restructuring under this Act our CDP services may be reduced or even eliminated, and Elpida may either
voluntarily or involuntarily reduce or eliminate payments owed to us or shipments of products that include our licensed technology. 

 Intellectual Property 

 Our success depends in large part on our IP. We have patented and continue to seek patent protection for combinatorial methods and
systems included in our HPC platform. We have also patented and continue to seek patent protection of innovations that result from applying our HPC platform to design, develop and manufacture ICs,
solar cells, glass coatings and glass-based devices, LEDs and thin films for electronics, optical and energy applications (Fields). As of December 31, 2011, we owned 404 U.S. patents and patent
applications (some of which also have foreign counterparts), of which 224 are related to the HPC platform and 180 are related to innovations in the Fields. We also have a license to approximately 326
U.S. patents and patent applications granted to us by Symyx Technologies, Inc. (Symyx), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Accelrys, Inc., that exclusively provides us the right to use
combinatorial methods and systems in the Fields. 

 As
of December 31, 2011, we owned 75 patents and 149 patent applications related to our HPC platform in the United States, and 38 patents and 49 patent applications in other
jurisdictions. The expiration dates of these patent rights range from October 2014 to December 2031. We continue to file patent applications to seek protection for further advancements of our HPC
platform. We own all 

 16 

Table of Contents 

 rights
to such patents and generally do not grant licenses to third parties under these patents other than in connection with the use of our HPC platform. Our patents and patent applications cover the
following aspects of the HPC platform: 

Combinatorial systems and methods related to fluids-based processing; 
 Combinatorial systems and methods related to vacuum-based processes, including deposition and etch; 
 Systems and methods for site-isolated processing; 
 Combinatorial systems and methods related to high-volume manufacturing; and 
 Processing techniques using combinatorial and non-combinatorial methods. 

We
also have and seek patent protection for innovations developed using our HPC Platform (applications IP). Such innovations cover advancements in new materials, processes, process
conditions, process sequences and device architectures in applications such as semiconductor memory, semiconductor complex logic, glass coatings and glass-based devices, solar cells and LEDs. As of
December 31, 2011, we owned 28 patents and 152 patent applications in the U.S. covering applications IP, as well as 1 patent and 27 patent applications in other countries. We may develop
applications IP either on our own or in collaboration with our customers through CDPs. 

 In
most cases, we maintain an ownership interest in the applications IP that results from CDPs and we grant licenses under this applications IP to the CDP customer. Such licenses
generally allow the CDP customer to have exclusivity for a limited term in a particular field. We keep the right to grant licenses under the CDP patents outside that field. Furthermore, if the CDP
customer elects to not extend the term of exclusivity beyond the limited term, we have the right to grant licenses to third parties within the field. If required we assign separate teams for each CDP,
maintain separate databases of experimental data and limit access to such databases only to the specific team that assists the CDP customer. 

 We
may also develop applications IP internally where we believe such IP may have broad applicability in the relevant market. We are able to leverage this IP to begin CDPs with new
customers. In addition, our ability to own the applications IP in these situations allows us to leverage learning and patent protection across industries and applications while providing our existing
customers with the IP rights they desire to gain competitive advantage in their fields for the markets they serve. 

Sales and Marketing 

 We sell and market our solutions worldwide through our own sales force by developing direct relationships with our customers. We have
sales personnel located in Japan, Taiwan, Europe and the United States, including account managers, who are responsible for specific customer accounts, and product marketing personnel, who provide
business development support and application and workflow platform expertise. We often base customer support personnel at or near the offices of our major customers to improve our level of service and
expand our sales. 

 Our
business development and product marketing group focuses on our strategy, platform and technology roadmap, new platform introduction process, demand assessment and competitive
analysis. The group coordinates new application evaluation and development both internally with our engineering teams and externally with new and existing customers. We intend to increase our sales
and marketing efforts and further expand our business development and product marketing organization. 

 17 

Table of Contents 

 Manufacturing 

 We manufacture our HPC tools through partnerships with experienced contract manufacturers that manufacture and assemble sub assemblies
incorporating our designs. We believe that our third party manufacturers have adequate sources and supplies of the raw materials needed to manufacture our products. We believe that partnering with
contract manufacturers provides us with access to the most current facilities and processes without significant capital outlay on our part, allowing us to focus our resources on R D, product design
and collaboration program support. Although we have historically relied on a small number of contract manufacturers for the manufacture and assembly of a majority of our workflow platforms, we have
relationships with a variety of contract manufacturers and are not dependent on any single contract manufacturer. 

 Research and Development 

 We conduct R D activities for CDPs and for internal research and development on both workflow platform development and application R D.
As of December 31, 2011, we employed a research and development team of 178 full-time employees. This R D team includes many experienced semiconductor engineers with advanced
degrees from leading universities around the world and managers with experience from leading chip manufacturers, solar PV companies and equipment suppliers. We believe these R D professionals on our
team have enabled us to develop our HPC platform, support customer CDPs, implement our technology roadmap rapidly and provide us with the foundation for our technology advancement in the future. 

 Our
customer-sponsored R D expenses included in cost of revenue were 23.8 million in 2011, 16.9 million in 2010 and 8.8 million in 2009, which represented
approximately 44 , 40 and 33 , respectively, of our revenue in those years. 

 We
devote a substantial portion of our resources to engineering next generation platforms by integrating future generations of technology and developing a standardized software and
informatics platform. We work closely with multiple vendors during the development of new workflows or workflow modifications for use in our future platforms. We work with our software and component
vendors to establish integration standards. To that end, we are developing scalable software architectures that will allow us to integrate new processes requested by our customers to further expand
the opportunities with new and existing customers, accelerate time-to-market, and allow our workflow platforms to operate with adjacent vertical technologies such as
clean-energy markets. Our internal R D expenses were 19.3 million, 13.9 million and 11.0 million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009,
respectively, which represented approximately 36 , 33 and 41 , respectively, of our revenue in those years. 

Competition 

 The principal capabilities required to be competitive in our market include technical expertise, processes and integration
capabilities, diversity of platform offerings, development speed and performance, quality and reliability of field engineers, depth of collaboration with customers and technical support. We believe we
compete favorably with respect to these factors because of the breadth of capabilities of our HPC platform, the depth of multi-disciplinary expertise of our internal research team and external
engineering teams who collaborate with customers and our use of combinatorial processing and throughput matched characterization and analysis. These differentiating factors allow us to explore more
comprehensive solution sets and provide faster solutions to our customers. We are not aware of any companies that currently compete or have to date competed with us in the use of combinatorial methods
in research and development applications; however, we do believe that we compete for the R D resources of our customers with equipment suppliers, industry consortia, alliance partnership, university
research and third-party IP licensing. In addition, many of our 

 18 

Table of Contents 

 customers
design, develop, manufacture and market solutions based on their own unique device architectures and develop their own intellectual property in-house. 

 A
portion of our revenue is generated from the sales of end products by our customers, and our competitive position therefore is dependent on their competitive positions. The markets for
our customers' products that incorporate technology developed through our CDPs are intensely competitive and characterized by rapid technological change. These changes result in frequent product
introductions, short product development cycles and increased product capabilities typically representing significant price and performance improvements. 

 Environmental Regulation 

 We are subject to various foreign, federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations governing, among other matters,
emissions and discharges of hazardous materials into the air and water, the use, generation, storage, handling, transportation and disposal of, and exposure to, hazardous materials and wastes,
remediation of contamination and employee health and safety. In addition, under certain of these environmental laws, liability can be joint and several and without regard to comparative fault. Our
operations involve the use of hazardous materials and
produce hazardous waste, and we could become liable for any injury or contamination that could arise due to such use or disposal of these materials. Failure to comply with environmental laws and
regulations or to obtain or maintain required environmental permits could result in the imposition of substantial civil and criminal fines and sanctions, could require operational changes or limits or
the installation of costly equipment or otherwise lead to third party claims. Future environmental laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, or the discovery of
previously unknown contamination or violations of such laws and regulations could require us to incur costs, or become the basis for new or increased liabilities or subject us to fines or other
sanctions. 

 Employees 

 As of December 31, 2011, we had a total of 212 full-time employees, consisting of 178 people engaged in CDPs and R D
activities and 34 people in sales and marketing, legal and general and administrative roles. None of our employees are represented by a labor union, and we consider our employee relations to be good. 

 Our
CDPs are labor-intensive, and as we engage in additional CDPs, we will need to hire enough highly-skilled engineers and other technical staff to support the CDPs. We evaluate our
hiring needs on a project by project basis, taking into account current and anticipated CDP timelines and lifecycles. We believe our location in San Jose, California provides us with access to a large
population of highly-skilled engineers who will be able to meet the technical requirements of our new CDPs. 

 Initial Public Offering 

 On November 23, 2011, we closed our sale of 5,681,796 shares of common stock as part of our initial public offering at an
offering price of 10.00 per share, resulting in net proceeds to us of approximately 47.8 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses paid or reimbursed
by us, which includes a 1.4 million reimbursement paid to Symyx in connection with the Symyx asset purchase transaction. For further information regarding our initial public offering, see
"Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Repurchase of Equity Securities Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities." 

 19 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Information about Segments and Geographic Areas 

 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from customers in foreign countries, particularly those based in Japan. Revenue
generated from customers in Japan accounted for 28 , 29 and 30 of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. We expect that a significant portion of our
total future revenue will continue to be derived from companies based in Japan and other foreign countries. 

For
geographic information, see Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We report as a single reporting
segment. 

 Customer and Collaborative Agreements 

 The descriptions below contain only a summary of the material terms of the agreements as of December 31, 2011 and do not purport
to be complete. These descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the respective agreements. 

Collaborative Development Program Agreement with GLOBALFOUNDRIES (GF) 

 In June 2011, we entered into a CDP agreement with GF to develop and improve certain semiconductor products. 

 Under
the agreement, we will provide development services to GF and grant GF non-exclusive use of our proprietary HPC platform (which includes a subscription to the platform
and a license to the associated software) for the purpose of developing and improving certain semiconductor products. 

Each
party will own the rights arising out of the CDP created by its inventors ("GF CDP IP"). We agreed that we would not grant a license under our rights in the GF CDP IP to any third
party outside a certain field without the prior written consent of GF. 

 GF
has agreed to pay us (i) royalties on sales of products that incorporate the GF CDP IP, (ii) fees for providing development services to GF, (iii) subscription and
license fees for use of the HPC platform, and (iv) certain pre-approved expenses and material costs. GF may grant sublicenses to use the GF CDP IP to third parties, but must share
with us the royalties it receives from certain third party sublicenses. We also granted GF an option to purchase certain HPC processing tools. 

We
are required to supply a certain number of full-time employees or contractors dedicated to supporting the development activities under the CDP. 

 The
initial period for development activities and use of the HPC platform is three years, and will automatically renew for additional one-year periods unless either party
elects to terminate. The initial term of the agreement is five years from the date of the last sale of a product that incorporates GF CDP IP. 

Collaborative Development Program Agreement with Toshiba and SanDisk 

 In March 2010, we entered into a CDP agreement with Toshiba and SanDisk to develop certain memory technologies and related materials. 

 Under
the agreement, we will provide development services to Toshiba and SanDisk and grant Toshiba and SanDisk non-exclusive use of our proprietary HPC platform (which
includes a subscription to the platform and a license to the associated software). 

 Toshiba
and SanDisk will own the rights to the technology and IP arising out of the CDP that is based on Toshiba or SanDisk background technology or that is solely developed by Toshiba
or SanDisk. We will own the rights to the technology and IP arising out of the CDP that is solely developed by us and that is based on our background technology. Jointly developed technology and IP
arising out of the 

 20 

Table of Contents 

 CDP
that is based on our background technology will be jointly owned. Patent rights based on technology solely developed by us that is based on Toshiba or SanDisk background technology will be jointly
owned. 

 We
granted Toshiba and SanDisk an exclusive license under our rights in the technology and IP arising out of the CDP (Toshiba-SanDisk CDP IP) during the term of the CDP. After the
conclusion of the CDP term, Toshiba and SanDisk each shall have the option (i) to continue to maintain an exclusive license to certain or all of the Toshiba-SanDisk CDP IP, (ii) to
convert the exclusive license to non-exclusive, or (iii) to terminate the exclusive license. 

 Toshiba
and SanDisk have agreed to pay us (i) volume-based royalties on sales of products that incorporate the Toshiba-SanDisk CDP IP subject to certain minimum and maximum
levels, (ii) fees for providing development services to Toshiba and SanDisk, (iii) subscription and license fees for use of the HPC platform, and (iv) certain
pre-approved expenses and material costs. Toshiba or SanDisk may request that we grant to other third parties a royalty-bearing license to the Toshiba-SanDisk CDP IP. 

 The
initial period for the development activities is two years, and may be extended for up to two additional one-year periods. The obligations of Toshiba and SanDisk to pay
royalties under the licenses granted by us shall continue for the duration of such licenses. 

 Advanced Memory Development Program Agreement with Elpida Memory, Inc. (Elpida) 

 In May 2008, we entered into an Advanced Memory Development Program Agreement with Elpida relating to a CDP to develop and improve
certain advanced memory products. The Elpida agreement was supplemented and/or amended in August 2008, January 2009, May 2009 and July 2010. 

 Under
the agreement, we will provide development services to Elpida and grant Elpida non-exclusive use of our proprietary HPC platform (which includes a subscription to the
platform and a license to the associated software) for the purpose of developing and improving certain advanced memory products. 

 We
own the rights for certain technology and IP arising out of the CDP (our CDP IP). Elpida owns the rights for certain other technology and IP arising out of the CDP (Elpida CDP IP).
All other technology and IP arising out of the CDP will be jointly owned by Elpida and us (joint CDP IP). We have also granted Elpida an exclusive license to use our CDP IP and the joint CDP IP in
certain fields during the term of the agreement. 

 Elpida
has agreed to pay us (i) royalties on sales of products that incorporate our technology, our CDP IP, Elpida CDP IP or joint CDP IP subject to certain minimum and maximum
levels; (ii) fees for providing development services to Elpida, (iii) subscription and license fees for use of the HPC platform, and (iv) certain pre-approved expenses
and material costs. 

 The
current period for development activities and use of the HPC platform is through April 1, 2013, after which the exclusive license converts to a non-exclusive
license unless Elpida meets certain minimum quarterly sales thresholds from high-volume manufacturing of royalty-bearing products. In addition, as part of any restructuring of Elpida under
the Corporate Reorganization Act in Japan, our development period may terminate sooner and the exclusive license may be converted to a non-exclusive license. Elpida's obligation to pay
royalties under the licenses granted by us shall continue for the duration of such licenses. 

 ATMI Engagement 

 In November 2006, we entered into an alliance agreement with ATMI to develop advanced materials for semiconductor products under one or
more individual CDPs as agreed between the parties from time to time. Each CDP would provide payments from ATMI to us (i) for providing 

 21 

Table of Contents 

 development
services to ATMI, (ii) for subscription and license fees for use of the HPC platform, and (iii) for certain pre-approved expenses and material costs. ATMI owns
any technology and IP that it independently creates during the alliance agreement. We own the technology and IP we independently create. Unless modified by the terms of a CDP, we also own the Alliance
Technology arising out of the CDP and the HPC technology. The initial term of the alliance activities is ten years. 

 The
parties have had one CDP under the alliance agreement. Under that CDP, ATMI owns any technology and IP that it independently creates during the alliance agreement, as well as any
materials manufacturing technology and associated IP rights that are created during the course of the alliance agreement (the Alliance Materials Manufacturing Technology). We own the technology and IP
we independently create and, other than the Alliance Materials Manufacturing Technology, any other technology and IP that is created during the course of the alliance agreement (the Alliance IP). We
granted to ATMI a limited, field-restricted, exclusive license to use the Alliance IP, with the right to sublicense, and ATMI has agreed to pay us royalties or share revenues on the sales or licenses
of ATMI products that incorporate the Alliance IP. We retained the right to be the sole licensor of any Alliance IP to any IC manufacturers or original equipment manufacturers. 

 In
July 2007, we entered into a Wets Workflow Purchase Agreement with ATMI, which was extended through amendments in December 2007, December 2008, March 2009, August 2010, March 2011 and
October 2011 (as amended, the ATMI Wets Workflow Agreement), pursuant to which we agreed to sell to ATMI certain HPC processing tools and license informatics software related to liquid or fluids-based
materials (wets) used in semiconductor processing and manufacturing (collectively, the wets workflow). The wets workflow may only be used at certain designated sites and solely for the purpose of
developing and commercializing materials, wets processing processes, products and materials manufacturing technologies in a certain field. ATMI is obligated to pay us royalties on products that
incorporate any material identified, first synthesized, or discovered through use of any wets workflow (the ATMI products). During the term of the agreement, we have agreed not to enter into any joint
marketing, sales or development agreements in certain fields with certain competitors of ATMI. During the term of the agreement and subject to economic terms, we also agreed not to ship certain
elements of the wets workflow and certain other proprietary HPC processing tools to certain ATMI competitors for use in certain defined fields. We have agreed to evaluate ATMI materials for CDPs
between us and
integrated device manufacturers for an IC or solar application. We have agreed to recommend ATMI materials to our customers in these CDPs, provided that the ATMI materials are timely available, meet
our customer's requirements and are cost competitive. If we identify an opportunity for ATMI and us to work in a joint development program or if ATMI introduces us to such an opportunity with an
integrated device manufacturer, we and ATMI will enter into good faith negotiations to agree on an economic arrangement, unless ATMI does not have HPC-related resources available to
contribute to such an opportunity. In addition, we agreed to introduce one of ATMI's workflows to one of our other customers in exchange for ATMI committing to providing its support to such customer.
We are required to supply a certain number of full-time employees or contractors dedicated to supporting ATMI's use of the wets workflow. The agreement will continue in effect as long as
any license granted under any applicable purchase order under the agreement remains in effect, which will be at least through December 15, 2014. 

In
December 2008, we entered into a Dry Workflow Purchase Agreement with ATMI, which was extended thru amendments in August 2010, March 2011 and October 2011 (as amended, the ATMI Dry
Workflow Agreement), pursuant to which we agreed to sell to ATMI certain HPC processing tools and license informatics software related to vapor-based applications (dry) used in semiconductor
processing and manufacturing (collectively, the dry workflow). For sales of compounds or materials (or composition of compounds or materials) identified, first synthesized, or discovered in whole or
in part through the use of the dry workflow, and any derivative thereof (the ATMI dry products), ATMI would pay us a royalty on these ATMI dry products. We are required to supply a certain number of
full-time 

 22 

Table of Contents 

 employees
or contractors dedicated to supporting ATMI's use of the dry workflow. In addition, we will provide support from October 2011 to August 2012 to a customer of ATMI who will be utilizing the
dry workflow ATMI purchased from us. The agreement will continue in effect as long as any license granted under any applicable purchase order under the agreement remains in effect, which will be at
least through December 31, 2013. 

 Symyx Asset Purchase 

 In March 2005, we entered into a Collaborative Development and License Agreement with Symyx Technologies, Inc. (Symyx). In
addition, in December 2005, we entered into an Alliance Agreement (Symyx Alliance Agreement) with Symyx, and we amended the Symyx Alliance Agreement in August 2006, June 2007, August 2007, November
2007 and September 2009. Under the Symyx agreements, Symyx granted us, and we agreed to pay Symyx royalties for, a license to certain high-throughput combinatorial patents held or licensed
by them and related software to design, develop and manufacture integrated circuits, photovoltaic cells, glass coatings, light emitting
diodes, organic light-emitting diodes and thin films for electronics, optical and energy applications. During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, we recorded 2.1 million,
 2.0 million and 1.2 million in cost of revenue, respectively, and had accrued liabilities due to Symyx of 517,000, 795,000 and 502,000 as of December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009,
respectively. 

 On
July 28, 2011, we entered into an agreement with Symyx, pursuant to which we agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to allow Symyx to sell in the initial public offering
of our common stock a total of 3,968,204 shares of common stock held by them, and Symyx agreed to sell such shares in the offering, transfer to us all the patents held by them that relate to
combinatorial processing and terminate our future royalty obligations under the Symyx agreements to the extent they would have accrued after December 31, 2011. We completed this asset purchase
in connection with the closing of our initial public offering in November 2011. In connection with this transaction, we also issued Symyx a secured promissory note in a principal amount equal to
 27.3 million with a term of 24 months and an interest rate equal to 4 . The note is payable in an amount equal to the greater of 500,000 per quarter or the amount of accrued interest,
with a balloon payment at maturity, if applicable. The note is also pre-payable by us at any time without penalty or premium, and is secured by tangible personal property, excluding
intellectual property. In addition, we reimbursed Symyx for 50 of the underwriting discounts and commissions payable by them in connection with the sale of their common stock in the offering, which
amount was equal to approximately 1.4 million. 

 Corporate and Available Information 

 We were originally incorporated as The BEP Group, Inc. in Delaware in June 2004. In November 2004, we changed our name to
Intermolecular, Inc. We are headquartered in San Jose, California. 

 Our
internet address is www.intermolecular.com. Information included on our website is not part of this Form 10-K. We
make available free of charge on our website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and
all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, copies of our annual reports are available free
of charge upon written request. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with
the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov . 

 23 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

 You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company.
Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating
results. 

 Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Business 

 We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult for investors to evaluate our current business and future prospects. 

 We were incorporated in June 2004 and do not have a long history of operating results on which you can base your evaluation of our
business. We are still proving our business model, and we have not yet demonstrated our ability to generate significant revenue, particularly licensing and royalty revenue. As a result, it may be
difficult for analysts and investors to evaluate our future prospects. If we do not generate significant licensing and royalty revenue, we may never be profitable. Furthermore, because of our limited
operating history and because the semiconductor and clean-energy industries are rapidly evolving, we have limited experience in analyzing and understanding the trends that may emerge and affect our
business. If we are unable to obtain significant licensing and royalty revenue from products that incorporate technology developed through our collaborative development programs (CDPs), we will have
expended a significant amount of time and resources without obtaining the benefits we anticipated, and our financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

 Our operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance and may result in volatility in the market price
of our common stock if we fail to meet the expectations of public market analysts and investors in these periods. 

 Our revenue, expenses and operating results have fluctuated, and may in the future fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter due
to a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. Factors that may contribute to these fluctuations include the following, as well as other factors described elsewhere in this annual
report on Form 10-K: 

our dependence on a limited number of customers; 
 our ability to manage our growth, including an increasing number of employees, customers and CDPs; 
 the length of our sales and development cycles, and our ability to generate material revenue after we have devoted
significant resources to developing a project; 
 our ability to evolve existing products, anticipate trends in technology development and introduce new developments in a
timely manner in the rapidly changing semiconductor and clean-energy industries; 
 our customers' ability to manufacture, market and sell products that incorporate technology developed through the CDPs, or
the financial stability of any of our customers; 
 fluctuations in the number and price of products sold by our customers that incorporate technology developed through the
CDPs, and the shortening life cycles of those products, in each case impacting our licensing and royalty revenue; 
 our ability to scale our development efforts, our ability to secure new CDPs with new or existing customers and the timing
of those CDPs; 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

the degree to which existing CDPs are completed or expanded; 
 one-time, non-cash charges to revenue associated with the vesting of contingent warrants issued to
two of our customers that are currently outstanding; 
 our ability to maintain existing commercial terms or enter into new licensing arrangements with our customers once they
begin to sell their end products; 
 our ability to make the substantial research and development (R D) investments required to stay competitive in our
business; 
 our ability to develop our high productivity combinatorial (HPC) platform and expertise to support our future growth plans
in adjacent vertical markets such as clean-energy markets; 
 any potential involvement in intellectual property litigation; 
 any potential payments to our customers resulting from our intellectual property indemnification policies and obligations; 
 our reliance on our customers to deliver timely and accurate information to accurately report our financial results from
licensing and royalty revenue; 
 our potential need for additional capital to finance our business; 
 any delay in shipments caused by shortages of components incorporated in our customers' products, design errors or other
manufacturing problems associated with our customers' products; 
 the highly cyclical nature of and price volatility in the semiconductor industry; 
 the emerging and uncertain nature of the clean-energy industry; 
 potential warranty claims, product recalls and product liability for our HPC tools and for our customers' products that
incorporate technology developed through our CDPs; 
 global or regional economic, political and social conditions; and 
 business interruptions such as earthquakes and other natural disasters. 

Due
to these factors and other risks discussed in this section, you should not rely on quarter-to-quarter comparisons to predict our future performance. Our
revenue mix may also vary from quarter to quarter as we enter into new CDPs and related customer arrangements, existing CDPs are completed or expanded and licensing and royalty arrangements take
effect. Unfavorable changes in any of these factors may adversely affect our business and operating results. Additionally, our common stock could be subject to significant price volatility should our
actual or projected revenue or earnings fail to meet the expectations of the investment community. Furthermore, stocks of high technology companies are subject to extreme price and volume fluctuations
that are often unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. 

 We have incurred operating losses since our inception and may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. 

We have generated net losses each year since our inception, including 30.0 million, 1.8 million and 5.3 million
for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Our accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2011 was 100.5 million. We will need to significantly increase
revenue to achieve profitability and we may not achieve or subsequently maintain profitability if our revenue increases more slowly than we expect or not at all. 

 25 

Table of Contents 

 Our
ability to achieve our objectives and achieve or maintain the profitability of our business will depend, in large part, on potential customers accepting our HPC platform and
methodology as effective tools in the development of new products; and on our success in helping our customers develop products that are successful in the marketplace. Historically, semiconductor
companies have conducted R D activities internally using traditional research methods. In order for us to achieve our business objectives, we must convince these companies that our technology and
capabilities justify collaborating with us on their basic R D programs. We must also convince potential customers in the clean-energy industry that our HPC platform and approach are useful tools in an
emerging industry. We cannot assure you we will achieve the levels of customer acceptance necessary for us to maintain and grow a profitable business. In addition, our profitability and success are
dependent, in part, upon the receipt of royalties on the sale of products by our key customers, and we have no ability to control the timing of such products' introduction or their success or failure
in the marketplace. Our ability to achieve profitability also depends upon many other factors, including many that are beyond our control. These factors include, without
limitation: 

changes in the demand for our products and services; 
 the introduction of competitive technologies; 
 our ability to engage with new customers that would use our technology and expertise to further develop and commercialize
their products; 
 our ability to enter into CDPs with customers who are or become market leaders; 
 the competitiveness and financial strength of our existing and potential customers; 
 changes in the R D budgets of our customers and potential customers; 
 our ability to develop our technology for and secure customers in the clean-energy industry; and 
 our participation in the development of products that our customers choose to commercialize that generate a substantial
stream of licensing and royalty revenue for us. 

In
addition, we expect to continue to incur significant expenses or revenue adjustments in connection with, among other things: 

increased R D spending, including expansion of our R D teams and workflow platforms; 
 expansion of our sales and marketing efforts; 
 additional non-cash charges relating to amortization of intangibles and deferred stock compensation; and 
 one-time, non-cash charges to revenue associated with the vesting of contingent warrants issued to
two of our customers that are currently outstanding. 

We
cannot assure you we will achieve the levels of customer acceptance necessary for us to maintain and grow a profitable business, or that any of these other factors will be
satisfactory. Also, we cannot
assure you that customers, even those that accept our HPC platform as a valid tool for R D, will be satisfied with the integrated devices developed through our CDPs or will be able to successfully
commercialize end products incorporating the developed technology. Failure to achieve the necessary customer acceptance or extend or add current or new customer relationships, as well as difficulty
with any of these other factors would adversely affect our revenue and profitability and our financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

 26 

Table of Contents 

 We depend on a limited number of customers, which have historically been in the semiconductor industry, and a loss of any of them would adversely affect our business and
operating results. 

 Our customer base is highly concentrated. Revenue has historically come from a few customers, and we expect that revenue from a small
number of customers will continue to account for a high percentage of our revenue for the foreseeable future. Due to the concentrated nature of manufacturers in the DRAM, flash memory and complex
logic markets, our revenue is and may continue to be concentrated among and reliant upon key high-volume customers. For example, our five largest customers in the year ended
December 31, 2011, all of which are in the semiconductor industry, accounted for 83 of our revenue, and our two largest customers for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, both of
which are in the semiconductor industry, accounted for 47 and 72 of our revenue, respectively. Our largest customer accounted for 29 and 52 of our revenue in each of these periods, respectively.
The loss of any of these customers or a decrease in the manufacturing or sales volumes of their products, or their failure to pay amounts due to us or renew or extend their existing relationships with
us, and the related impact on our future anticipated licensing and royalty revenue, would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, and we may not be
able to replace the business from these customers. In particular, Elpida recently filed for protection under the Corporate Reorganization Act in Japan, and our revenue from Elpida may decline as a
result. For example, as part of any restructuring under this Act, our CDP services revenue may be reduced or even eliminated, and Elpida may either voluntarily or involuntarily reduce or eliminate
payments owed to us or shipments of products that include our licensed technology. The use of our technology in their current product shipments generates a license fee for us, and may include a
royalty when additional developed technology is incorporated in future Elpida products. Any adjustment in the amount of CDP services fees, license fees or royalties that Elpida would owe us pursuant
to our agreement with them could be reduced or eliminated as a result of the restructuring or changes in their shipments and product development. If any of these were to occur our revenue would
decline, and our financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. During the year ended December 31, 2011 we recognized 9.9 million in revenue
from Elpida and as of December 31, 2011 had outstanding accounts receivable in the amount of 0.2 million and backlog in the amount of 17.8 million, of which 8.8 million
is to be recognized during 2012 with the balance to be recognized in periods beyond 2012. In addition, this type of loss could cause significant fluctuations in our results of operations because our
expenses are fixed in the short term and our sales and development cycle to obtain new customers is long. 

 Our rapid growth has presented significant challenges to our management and administrative systems and resources, and we may experience difficulties managing our growth,
which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

 We will need to continue to grow in all operational areas and to successfully integrate and support our existing and new employees,
which may make it difficult to implement our business strategy in the time frame we anticipate, if at all. Our business has grown rapidly, and we expect this growth to continue as we expand our R D
capacity for current and additional CDPs. For example, we had 212 full-time employees as of December 31, 2011 and 107 employees at the end of 2008. The rapid expansion of our
business and addition of new personnel has placed a strain on our management, operational systems and facilities and may continue to do so. To effectively manage our operations and growth as well as
our obligations as a public company, we must continue to expend funds to enhance our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures and to attract and retain
sufficient numbers of talented employees. If we are unable to expand our R D capacity and implement improvements to our control systems efficiently and quickly, or if we encounter deficiencies 

 27 

Table of Contents 

 in
existing systems and controls, then we will not be able to successfully grow our business as planned. Our future operating results will also depend on our management's ability
to: 

implement and improve our sales, marketing and customer support programs and our R D efforts; 
 enhance our operational and financial control systems; 
 expand, train and manage our employee base; 
 integrate any acquired businesses; and 
 effectively address new issues related to our growth as they arise. 

We
may not manage our expansion successfully, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

 Our business prospects and future growth depend on royalties, which may be difficult to structure and enforce. 

 We believe that our royalty-bearing licenses with our customers lay the framework for ongoing royalty revenue from our customers'
products that incorporate technology developed through our CDPs with these customers, and that this revenue stream will increase as revenue from products developed using our platform increases. We are
dependent upon our ability to structure, negotiate and enforce agreements for the determination and payment of royalties. Unless we adequately demonstrate the value of our platform to our potential
customers we may face resistance to structuring royalty arrangements in the future that are acceptable to us, or our customers may not agree to enter into royalty-bearing licenses with us at all. If
we are unable to maintain the royalty-bearing license aspect of our business model, our operating results would suffer and we may not achieve profitability. 

 Our sales cycles are long, and we commit significant resources to a project before we have any commitment that a potential customer may agree to use our platform or service.
One or more failures to enter into a CDP after we have devoted significant resources to a project could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Our sales efforts require us to educate our potential customers about the benefits of our solutions, which often requires significant
time and expense, including a significant amount of our senior management's time and effort. Our sales cycles to date have typically ranged from 9 to 24 months and may be even longer in the
future. Furthermore, we need to target those individuals within a customer's organization who have overall responsibility for the profitability of their products. These individuals tend to be senior
management or executive officers. We may face difficulty identifying and establishing contact with these individuals. In addition, our customers' technology and product pipeline are highly
confidential and they may choose to withhold certain information from us during the sales cycle to protect their own proprietary technology. Our ability to implement our HPC platform and methodology
is heavily dependent upon the information provided to us by our customers.
If our customers reveal the complexities of their specifications after we enter into a CDP with them, that complexity may cause delays unanticipated at the time we entered into the program. During our
sales cycles, we incur significant expenses and, in many cases, may begin to build, configure or expand new systems, develop software and design workflows to meet our customers' requirements prior to
obtaining contractual commitments, without any assurance of resulting revenue. Where a potential customer engagement requires a new dedicated HPC platform, we may invest in new HPC capacity ahead of a
customer commitment. Our HPC platform build, configuration and customization cycles to date have ranged from three to nine months and may be even longer in the future. Investment of time and expense
in a particular customer engagement that does not ultimately result in material revenue will adversely affect 

 28 

Table of Contents 

 our
revenue and results of operations. Other factors impacting sales and the length of our sales and development cycles include, but are not limited to, the
following: 

the complexity and cost of our HPC platform and difficulties we may encounter in meeting individual customer
specifications and commitments; 
 our ability to build, configure or expand new systems, develop software and design workflows to meet our customers'
requirements; 
 the limited number of customers that are appropriate sales targets for our platform and that are willing to enter into
licensing agreements with us; 
 our customers' budgetary constraints and internal review procedures that must be completed to begin collaboration with us;
and 
 the cultural transition required for a customer's internal R D team to embrace us as a collaborative partner. 

The semiconductor industry is rapidly changing and an inability to evolve existing products in a timely manner, anticipate trends in technology development and introduce new
technologies could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

 We must continually devote significant engineering resources to keep up with the rapidly evolving technologies, materials and equipment
used in semiconductor design and manufacturing processes. These innovations are inherently complex and require long development cycles. The semiconductor industry is subject to a number of evolving
trends, including: 

the growing varieties of semiconductor architecture, applications and processes; 
 differing market growth rates and capital requirements for different applications, such as flash memory, DRAM, logic and
foundry, and the resulting effect on customers' spending patterns and on our ability to compete in these market segments; 
 the importance of growing market positions in larger market segments; 
 the increasing consolidation of semiconductor manufacturing towards foundries and large scale manufacturers and subsequent
concentration of research and innovation in manufacturing process development; and 
 the cost, technical complexity and timing of a proposed industry transition from 300mm to 450mm wafers. 

These
and other changes could have a material impact on our business. Not only do we need the technical expertise to implement the changes necessary to keep our technologies current, but
we also
rely heavily on the judgment of our management and advisors to anticipate future market trends. Our customers expect us to stay ahead of the technology curve in their sectors and expect that the
technology developed through our CDPs will help them develop new products that keep pace with or push the limits of technological innovation. If we are not able to accurately predict industry changes,
or if we are unable to apply our HPC platform to our customers' needs on a timely basis, our existing solutions will be rendered obsolete and we may lose customers. If we do not keep pace with
technology, our existing and potential customers may choose to develop their own solutions internally as an alternative to ours, and we could lose market share to competitors, which could adversely
affect our operating results. 

 29 

Table of Contents 

 The clean-energy industry is in a very early stage of development, and we may not earn significant revenue from our initiatives in this industry for an extended period, if
ever. 

 Most sectors of the clean-energy industry are in the very early stages of development. Many of the associated technologies have not yet
achieved commercial viability in comparison to available alternatives, and may never achieve market adoption. Many of the associated technologies will require substantial investments of capital to
achieve scale, which may not be available on attractive terms, if at all. Companies within the clean-energy industry may also be hesitant to enter into CDPs with us given our recent entry into the
clean-energy industry. Certain technologies may depend on government subsidies to be commercially viable, and those subsidies may not be available from federal and state governments facing increasing
financial constraints. If sectors of the clean-energy industry take an extended period to achieve market acceptance and to garner significant revenue, we may not earn material revenue from our
initiatives in this area until such time, if ever. Furthermore, it may be difficult for us to predict which clean-energy companies may become market leaders, and we may invest time and resources in
collaborations with companies who are ultimately unsuccessful in the clean-energy industry, which could adversely affect our operating results. 

 If a project to which we have devoted technology and significant resources fails to produce any measurable success or value to our customers in the form of differentiated
technology and intellectual property, we may not earn licensing and royalty revenue sufficient to recover the upfront costs and cash invested in the CDP, which could adversely affect our results of
operations. 

 In some cases, the revenue we receive from our customers during the development stage is not sufficient for us to fully recover our
costs and cash invested in HPC platforms dedicated to customer engagement, and our business model relies on licensing and royalty revenue based on the sales by our customers in the
end-markets of products incorporating the technology developed through our CDPs. Our CDPs involve complex R D, and our ability to develop
the differentiated technology and intellectual property sought by our customers is inherently uncertain and difficult to predict. In addition, there are a limited number of CDPs to which we can commit
our resources at any given time. If a project to which we have devoted technology and significant resources fails to produce any measurable success or value to our customers in the form of
differentiated technology and intellectual property that they may use in their products, we may not receive meaningful amounts of, or any, licensing and royalty revenue. In this case, we may not
recover the upfront costs and cash invested in the CDP, which could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, even if we successfully develop differentiated technology and intellectual
property through a CDP that our customer is able to commercialize, there may be a significant delay before we receive any licensing or royalty revenue due to the complexities inherent in production
and manufacturing in our target markets. 

 A decline in sales in the end markets for products incorporating technology developed through our CDPs could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our success is tied to our customers' ability to successfully commercialize the products that incorporate technology developed through
our CDPs. The markets for our customers' products are intensely competitive and are characterized by rapid technological change. These changes result in frequent product introductions, short product
life cycles and increased product capabilities. Competition is based on a variety of factors including price, performance, product quality, software availability, marketing and distribution
capability, customer support, name recognition and financial strength. Products incorporating the technology developed through our CDPs may not achieve market success or may become obsolete. We cannot
assure you that our customers will dedicate the resources necessary to promote and commercialize products developed through our CDPs, successfully execute their business strategies for such products,
be able to manufacture such products in quantities sufficient to meet demand or cost-effectively manufacture products at high volume. Our customers are not 

 30 

Table of Contents 

 contractually
obliged to manufacture, distribute or sell any products incorporating our CDP-developed technology. Our customers may develop internally or in collaboration with others
technology that they might utilize instead of technology developed through our CDPs. Any of these factors, as well as more general market or industry issues, could result in a decline in sales of the
products incorporating our technology, which would result in a decrease in any associated licensing and royalty revenue or the failure of any licensing and royalty revenue to materialize at all, and
could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any failure of a customer to achieve market success for products developed through our CDPs could also negatively affect such customer's
willingness to work with us on other collaborations and could more generally harm our reputation and business prospects. 

 If we are unable to scale our development services and secure new CDPs, our growth prospects would be limited and our business and operating results could be adversely
affected. 

 Our customers require a significant amount of individualized attention as well as dedicated lab space for CDPs. We have limited space
and internal capacity, both in terms of personnel as well as capital equipment resources, to meet these types of demands for our customers. In addition, because of the significant confidentiality
concerns associated with the projects and products we work on and the restrictions on resource and information sharing we have implemented in response, we are not able to fully capitalize upon
economies of scale. If the demand for our services and products exceeds our capacity to meet such demand, we may be required to turn down potential opportunities, which would cause us to lose
potential revenue, and our potential customers may take their business to a competitor or decide to develop or expand internal R D capabilities. If we are unable to scale our development services to
meet demand, our growth may be hindered and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

 We may not be successful in maintaining and managing CDPs, which would adversely affect our ability to develop successful products and our financial condition and operating
results. 

 CDPs are complex and time-consuming to implement and they may require substantial resources to maintain. We may not be
successful in all of our collaboration efforts and may fail to achieve the technological innovations sought by our customers in a reasonable amount of time or at all. When we collaborate with a
customer, we rely to some degree on the efforts and resources of that customer. Our customers may not devote sufficient resources to collaborations or may otherwise fail in the aspects of the
collaboration for which they are responsible. Disagreements over the implementation and management of the program may occur, which could lead to material delays and/or a failure to achieve the
successful development of technology through the CDP. If we fail to achieve successful collaborations, or if our customers are dissatisfied with the results of or the way we design and manage a CDP,
our operating results and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. 

 Our strategy includes conducting proprietary R D efforts in collaboration with and on behalf of multiple customers. Failure to adequately protect against potential conflicts
of interest and breaches of confidentiality would harm our reputation and our relationships with our customers, and our business prospects and operating results would be adversely affected. Moreover,
some potential customers may hesitate to grant us access to their proprietary information, which could impair our ability to provide value for such customers. 

 Our strategy includes conducting proprietary R D efforts in collaboration with and on behalf of customers who in some cases may have
overlapping interests and technologies. We seek to structure our collaborative agreements and business practices to minimize any potential conflicts and the possibility of any breaches of
confidentiality. We may need access to some of our
customers' proprietary information, and they may be reluctant to share it with us because of the risk of a potential conflict between us and/or our customers and other potential customers and the risk
of a breach of confidentiality. Our failure to do so could result in our inability to attract new customers or retain 

 31 

Table of Contents 

 existing
customers, or lead to our having incomplete information with respect to existing customers that could impair our ability to fully address the customers' needs and demonstrate the value of our
technology to the customers. Even if we make significant efforts to isolate each development activity, we may fail to meet the contractual confidentiality commitments as to one or more customers.
Moreover, even if we meet these commitments, conflicts between a customer and us, or between or among customers, could nevertheless arise. In either event, we may become involved in a dispute with our
customers regarding the solutions developed during the collaboration or the rights to these solutions, including possible litigation. Disputes of this nature could harm the relationship between us and
our customers, and could adversely affect our ability to enter into new CDPs and cause our revenue and operating results to decline. 

Our financial obligation to Symyx Technologies, Inc. could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations
and limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry. 

 In connection with an agreement for the purchase of intellectual property and the termination of our royalty obligations under an
existing license agreement, we issued a promissory note in the principal amount of 27.3 million to Symyx Technologies, Inc. (Symyx), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Accelrys, Inc.,
upon the consummation of our initial public offering. The promissory note has a term of 24 months, an interest rate equal to 4 and is payable in an amount equal to the lesser of the principal
amount and the greater of 500,000 per quarter or the amount of accrued interest, with a balloon payment at maturity if applicable. The promissory note is secured by all of our tangible personal
property, excluding intellectual property. 

 Our
obligations under the promissory note require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on interest and principal of the promissory note at or
prior to maturity, thus reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, research and development efforts, execution of our business strategy and other general
corporate purposes. Such limitations increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the economy,
our industry and new opportunities that may arise. In addition, our obligations under the promissory note and the security interests granted in favor of Symyx may make it more difficult for us to
borrow funds in the future to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other purposes, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 

 We may be unable to make the substantial R D investments required to remain competitive in our business. 

 The semiconductor and clean-energy industries require substantial investment in R D to develop and bring to market new and enhanced
technologies and products. To remain competitive, we anticipate that we will need to maintain or increase our levels of R D expenditures to keep pace with the development efforts of our customers. We
expect R D expenses to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future, due to the increasing complexity and number of solutions we plan to develop both for our customers and internally, the
expansion of our customer base and any associated increase in upfront R D costs. In addition, the ultimate success of products incorporating our technology will depend in part on significant continued
investment in R D by our customers. We do not know whether we or our customers will have sufficient resources to maintain or increase the level of investment in R D required to remain competitive. In
addition, we cannot assure you that the technologies, products and applications on which we and our customers have focused our R D expenditures will become commercially successful. If we are required
to invest significantly greater resources than anticipated in our R D efforts without a corresponding increase in revenue, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 

 32 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to develop our platform and expertise to support our future growth plans, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

 We intend to further develop and broaden our HPC platform, including our software and informatics capabilities, to address a wider
range of markets and customers for multiple applications within semiconductors, flat glass, solar cells, light emitting diodes (LEDs), flat-panel displays, advanced batteries and other
energy-efficient technologies. However, we have limited expertise and experience in certain of these fields, and if we are unable to develop our platform and expertise to support these fields our
business growth might be limited, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

 If we lose one or more of our key personnel without obtaining adequate replacements in a timely manner or if we are unable to retain and recruit skilled personnel, our
operations could become disrupted and the growth of our business could be delayed or restricted. 

 Our success depends, in large part, on the continued contributions of our senior management team, in particular, the services of
Mr. David Lazovsky, our President and Chief
Executive Officer, and Dr. Tony Chiang, our Chief Technology Officer. If we lose the services of Mr. Lazovsky or Dr. Chiang, it could slow the execution of our business plan,
hinder our development processes and impair our sales efforts, and searching for a replacement could divert our other senior management's time and increase our operating expenses. In addition, our
customers could become concerned about our future operations, which could harm our reputation. 

 None
of our senior management is bound by written employment contracts to remain with us for a specified period. The loss of any of our senior management could harm our ability to
implement our business strategy and respond to the rapidly changing market conditions in which we operate. Upon hiring or promotion, new senior management personnel must spend a significant amount of
time learning our technology, business model and management systems and their new roles, in addition to performing their regular duties. Accordingly, until new senior personnel become familiar with
our technology, business model and systems or with their new roles, we may experience some disruption to our ongoing operations. Moreover, the loss of a member of our senior management or our
professional staff would require the remaining management to divert attention to seeking a replacement. 

 Our
future success and competitiveness depends on our ability to retain and motivate our unique team of highly skilled scientists and engineers, who have expertise across various
disciplines, fields and technologies, including engineering, materials science, process development and integration, equipment, device process technologies and device integration. In addition, as we
grow, we will have to continue to retain, attract and motivate qualified and talented personnel, including our scientists and engineers, management, sales and marketing and legal and finance
personnel. Because our CDPs are customer-specific and project-specific and last for a significant period of time, the loss of key scientists or engineers or other personnel could have an adverse
effect on a particular development program and on our ability to deliver results to a customer in a timely manner or at all. We do not know whether we will be able to retain all of these employees as
we continue to pursue our business strategy. Competition for personnel is intense in the semiconductor and clean-energy industries. 

 We
may encounter difficulties in hiring qualified scientists and engineers because there is a limited pool of scientists and engineers with the specialized expertise required to
understand and implement our platform in conjunction with our customers. Further, we may have difficulty in obtaining visas permitting entry for some of our employees who are foreign nationals into
the United States, and delays in obtaining visas permitting entry into other key countries for several of our key personnel, which could disrupt our ability to strategically locate our personnel. The
loss of the services of key employees or our inability to retain, attract and motivate qualified scientists and engineers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

 33 

Table of Contents 

 We may be unable to effectively protect our intellectual property, which would negatively affect our ability to compete. 

 We depend on our proprietary HPC platform for our success and ability to compete. If others are able to reproduce our technology, our
business will suffer significantly unless we can prevent them from competing with us. As of December 31, 2011, we owned 404 U.S. patents and patent applications (some of which also have foreign
counterparts), which we believe protect our rights in our HPC platform. While we continue to file patent applications to seek protection for the further evolution of our HPC platform, patent laws
provide only limited protection. We cannot assure you that all maintenance fees have been paid or that all filings have been made with the appropriate regulatory or governmental authorities with
respect to any IP registered or applied for outside of the U.S. that we purchase. Also, patent protection in foreign countries may be limited or unavailable where we need this type of protection. A
more detailed description of how we protect our IP is set forth in Part I, Item 1: "Business Intellectual Property". 

 The
patent positions of technology companies, including ours, are often uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. We will be able to protect our proprietary rights from
unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that our proprietary technologies are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. We apply for patents
covering our HPC platform and further advancements of our HPC platform as we deem appropriate. However, we may not obtain patents on all inventions for which we seek patents, and any patents we obtain
may be challenged (both before and after any such patents issue) and may be narrowed in scope or extinguished as a result of these challenges. Additional uncertainty may result from the recent and
potential future passage of patent reform legislation by the United States Congress, legal precedent as handed down by the United States Federal Circuit and Supreme Court as they determine legal
issues concerning the scope and construction of patent claims and inconsistent interpretation of patent laws by the lower courts. For these reasons, among others, our existing patents and any future
patents we obtain may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from practicing our technologies or from developing similar or superior products. In that case, our revenue and operating results
could decline. 

 Our
strategy includes obtaining patent protection for technology developed in collaboration with our customers. A portion of our revenue from our customers derives from the licenses
granted to our customers under these patents. If we are unable to obtain this type of protection, we would not be able to enforce exclusive rights to the technologies in question, and our revenue and
operating results could decline. 

 We
have developed in the past, and may develop in the future, patented technology with U.S. federal government funding. When new technologies are developed with U.S. government funding,
the government obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, including a nonexclusive license authorizing the government to use the invention for non-commercial purposes. These rights
may permit the government to disclose our confidential information to third parties and to exercise "march-in" rights to use or allow third parties to use our patented technology. The
government can exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve practical application of the U.S. government-funded technology, because
action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations, or to
give preference to U.S. industry. In addition, U.S. government-funded technology may be subject to restrictions on transfer to foreign entities, and some U.S. government-funded data may be subject to
public disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act. 

 Many
of our customers and competitors have significant operations outside the United States. Foreign laws may not afford us sufficient protections for our intellectual property, however,
and we may not always seek patent protection outside the United States. We believe that our success depends, in part, upon our ability to obtain international protection for our IP. However, the laws
of some 

 34 

Table of Contents 

 foreign
countries may not be as comprehensive as those of the United States and may not be sufficient to protect our proprietary rights abroad. Accordingly, our international competitors could obtain
foreign patent protection for, and market overseas, products and technologies for which we are seeking patent protection in the United States. 

 Confidentiality agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosures of trade secrets and other proprietary information. 

 We rely in part on trade secret protection to protect our confidential and proprietary information and processes. However, trade
secrets are difficult to protect. We have taken measures to protect our trade secrets and proprietary information, but these measures may not be effective. We require new employees and consultants to
execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of an employment or consulting arrangement with us. These agreements generally require that all confidential information developed by the
individual or made known to the individual by us during the course of the individual's relationship with us be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties. These agreements also generally
provide that inventions conceived by the individual in the course of rendering services to us shall be our exclusive property. Nevertheless, employees, collaborators or consultants may still disclose
or misuse our confidential information, and we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets. In addition, others may independently develop substantially equivalent information or
techniques or otherwise lawfully gain access to our trade secrets, and thereafter communicate this information to others without maintaining its confidentiality. Costly and time-consuming
litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business
position. 

 Significant litigation over intellectual property in the industry may cause us to become involved in costly and lengthy litigation, which could subject us to liability,
require us to stop licensing our developed technology or force us to develop new technology. 

 Whether or not patents are granted to us, litigation may be necessary to enforce our IP rights, to defend against a claim of
infringement of IP rights of others or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Because infringement is a fact-intensive inquiry, and because patent
applications in the United States and many foreign jurisdictions are typically not published until eighteen months after filing (or, in some cases, are not published until they issue as patents), we
cannot be certain that we do not now, and will not in the future, infringe a third party's patent rights. We may also become party to claims by our customers to IP rights developed by us in connection
with a CDP. If our customers become involved in disputes with third parties over allegations that our customers' practice of our IP rights infringes the IP rights of such third parties, it may also
become necessary for us to become involved in such disputes. 

 Any
claim, even if without merit, could be time consuming to defend, result in costly litigation, or require us to enter into licensing agreements, resulting in unexpected operating
costs. Moreover, our opponents in any litigation may have significantly more resources with which to defend against or assert claims in the litigation. A successful claim of infringement against us in
connection with the use of our technologies could force us to stop using our technologies that incorporate the infringed IP; pay substantial monetary damages or royalties; grant cross-licenses to
third parties relating to our own IP; obtain a license from the owner of the infringed IP, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all; or re-engineer our platform or
products to avoid further IP infringement, which may be technically impossible or commercially infeasible. The occurrence of any of these eventualities could adversely affect our business. Even if we
are successful in defending such a claim, litigation could also divert our resources, including our managerial and engineering resources. Any infringement claim or other litigation against or by us
could have a material negative effect on our business. 

 35 

Table of Contents 

 Our intellectual property indemnification policies and obligations may adversely impact our business and operating results. 

 Any assertion by a third party asserting ownership or other rights to technology developed through our CDPs could result in our
customers becoming the target of litigation and we may be bound to indemnify our customers under the terms of our license agreements. These obligations could result in substantial expenses to us,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition to the time and expense required for
us to satisfy our support and indemnification obligations to our customers, any litigation could severely disrupt or shut down the business of our customers, which in turn could damage our relations
with them and have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 We will need to rely on our customers to deliver timely and accurate information to accurately report our financial results from licensing and royalty revenue in the time
frame and manner required by law. 

 We will need to receive timely, accurate and complete information from our customers to accurately report our financial results on a
timely basis. Licensing and royalty revenue we may receive in the future may be based on the revenue from the sale of our customers' products that incorporate technology developed through our CDPs,
and we will need to rely on our customers to provide us with complete and accurate information regarding revenue and payments owed to us on a timely basis. If the information that we receive is not
accurate, we may not receive the full amount of revenue that we are entitled to under these arrangements on a timely basis, which could result in adjustments to our financial results in a future
period. Although we typically have audit rights with these parties, performing this type of audit could be harmful to our collaborative relationships, expensive and time-consuming and may
not be sufficient to reveal any discrepancies in a timeframe consistent with our reporting requirements. 

 We may need additional capital in the future to finance our business. 

 Our future capital requirements may be substantial, particularly as we continue to develop our business and expand our collaborative
development efforts. Although we believe that, based on our current level of operations and anticipated growth, our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, combined with the net
proceeds from our initial public offering, will provide adequate funds for ongoing operations, planned capital expenditures and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months, we
may need additional capital if our current plans and assumptions change. Our need for additional capital will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenue growth, our expansion of our sales
and marketing activities and overhead expenses, the timing and extent of our spending to support our R D efforts and our ability to expand CDPs in the semiconductor industry, whether we are successful
in obtaining payments from customers, the financial stability of our customers, whether we can enter into additional collaborations in our target industries, the progress and scope of collaborative
R D projects performed by us and our customers, the effect of any acquisitions of other businesses or technologies that we may make in the future, the filing, prosecution and enforcement of patent
claims, how much we need to develop or enhance our solutions or HPC platform and any necessary responses to competitive pressures. 

If
our capital resources are insufficient to meet our capital requirements, and our revenue is insufficient to support any of these activities, then we will have to raise additional
funds. If future financings involve the issuance of equity securities, our then-existing stockholders would
suffer dilution. If we raise future debt financing, we may be subject to restrictive covenants that limit our ability to conduct our business. We may not be able to raise sufficient funds on terms
that are favorable to us, if at all. If we fail to raise sufficient funds and continue to incur losses, our ability to fund our operations, take advantage of strategic opportunities, develop products
or technologies or otherwise respond to competitive pressures could be significantly limited. If this happens, we may be forced to delay or 

 36 

Table of Contents 

 terminate
R D programs, curtail or cease operations, obtain funds through collaborative and licensing arrangements that may require us to relinquish commercial rights, or grant licenses on terms that
are not favorable to us. If adequate funds are not available, we may not be able to successfully execute our business plan or continue our business. 

Failure of suppliers to timely deliver sufficient quantities of the components, materials or software used in our collaborations, may result in delays or other disruptions
in executing our CDPs, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

 We have historically relied on a small number of contract manufacturing companies for the manufacture and assembly of a majority of our
HPC tools. While we are not dependent on any single contract manufacturing company, key parts of our tools are currently available only from a limited number of sources. In addition, components of our
capital equipment are available from only a few suppliers. If supplies from these vendors are delayed or interrupted for any reason, we may not be able to get equipment or components for our tools or
our own research efforts in a timely fashion or in sufficient quantities or under acceptable terms, if at all. Even though alternative sources of supply would be available, it could be
time-consuming and expensive for us to qualify new vendors and work with them to integrate our designs into the tools they manufacture for us. In addition, we depend upon our vendors to
provide components of appropriate quality and reliability. Consequently, if supplies from these vendors were delayed or interrupted for any reason, it could materially and adversely affect our
business. 

 Our business strategy requires us to evaluate, integrate and develop elements of our customers' value chains, including development and manufacturing processes. Our ability
to evaluate these effectively may sometimes depend on the cooperation from our customers' materials suppliers and equipment manufacturers as well as access to their data and tools. If these third
parties do not cooperate with us or provide us access to the necessary materials, tools or equipment we may not be able to deliver effective solutions to our customers, which would adversely affect
our business and results of operations. 

 We have to evaluate multiple elements of our customers' value chains to help them test and develop end products that meet their
specifications, including the materials, tools and equipment used by them during the manufacturing process. Our ability to evaluate a customer's value chain effectively may sometimes depend on
cooperation from such customer's materials suppliers and equipment manufacturers and on access to their data and tools. Our evaluation of the materials and equipment in the value chain must be
unbiased to maintain credibility with our customers, and our evaluation sometimes results in recommendations that our customers change materials, tools or equipment. Our recommendations may negatively
impact our relationships with materials and tool providers and equipment manufacturers. Tensions in our relationships with these providers and manufacturers may cause these parties to limit or deny
our access to their newest materials and equipment, which would in turn limit our ability to complete our development activities with our customers or control the quality of the combinatorial methods
applied to their development efforts, which would adversely affect our business and operations. 

 If we cannot compete successfully in our industry, our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

Competition in our market may intensify in the future, which could slow our ability to grow or execute our strategy and could lead to
increased pricing pressure, negatively impacting our revenue. Our current and potential customers may choose to develop their own combinatorial development methods internally, particularly if we are
slow in deploying our solutions or improving them to meet market needs. We currently face indirect competition from the internal R D groups at integrated circuit (IC) companies, particularly those of
our customers who work with us to develop knowledge of 

 37 

Table of Contents 

 combinatorial
methods and who may then use our methods independently. Our customers do not license our technology exclusively, and several of them also design, develop, manufacture and market
semiconductor projects based on their own or other architectures and develop their own intellectual property internally. They often compete with each other and with us in various applications. Our
customers are generally much larger and have significantly greater resources than us. Even if we are successful in an engagement, a customer may not decide to implement our solutions, or could develop
their own solutions that do not include the IP we generated, which would result in reduced royalty revenue. We also face indirect competition from university collaborations, consortia and alliance
partnerships. In addition, there may be other providers of high-throughput empirical solutions for the design of and R D relating to integrated devices of which we are not aware and there
may be new entrants to the industry in the future, particularly if acceptance of these solutions grows. In addition, we believe that the demand for solutions that address the need for better
integration between the design and manufacturing processes may encourage direct competitors to enter into our market. Other potential competitors include fabrication facilities that may decide to
offer solutions competitive with ours as part of their value proposition to their customers. If these potential competitors change the pricing environment or are able to attract industry partners or
customers faster than we can, we may not be able to grow and execute our strategy as quickly or at all. 

 The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical, subject to price volatility, difficult to predict and subject to significant downturns. 

 Currently, the substantial majority of our revenue is dependent upon the overall condition of the semiconductor industry, especially in
light of the licensing component of our revenue. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and subject to rapid technological change and has been subject to significant economic downturns at
various times, such as the recent economic downturn, characterized by diminished product demand, accelerated erosion of average selling prices and production overcapacity. The semiconductor industry
also periodically experiences increased demand and production capacity constraints. In addition, the semiconductor industry has historically experienced price volatility. As a result, we may
experience significant fluctuations in operating results due to general semiconductor industry conditions and overall economic conditions. 

 The
semiconductor industry has experienced significant challenges as a result of tightening of credit markets, turmoil in the financial markets, and weakened global economy. There may
also be sudden changes in our customers' manufacturing capacity requirements and spending, which depend in part on capacity utilization, demand for our customers' IC products by consumers, inventory
levels relative to demand, and access to affordable capital. For example, pressures in the DRAM sector have caused financial difficulties for our customer, Elpida. In addition, the semiconductor
industry has experienced significant consolidation in the past and may continue to see high levels of consolidation in the future. If any of our customers are acquired, the acquiror may not continue
to engage in a CDP with us. Alternatively, our customers may opt to acquire companies or technologies that decrease their need for our services or otherwise divert their R D resources. As a result of
these and other potential changes, the timing and length of any cycles can be difficult to predict. Further, uncertainty about future global economic conditions and any effect on the semiconductor
industry could make it challenging for us to forecast our operating results, make business decisions and identify the risks that may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
If we are not able to timely and appropriately adapt to changes resulting from the difficult macroeconomic environment, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be significantly
negatively affected. 

 38 

Table of Contents 

 A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from business arrangements with related parties, and such arrangements could create conflicts of interest that could
adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

 Some of our customers and other business partners hold a significant stake in our capital stock. Related party transactions disclosed
in our financial statements accounted for 21.0 million and 26.0 million, or 39.0 and 61.0 , of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. ATMI,
which beneficially owned approximately 9.1 of our capital stock as of December 31, 2011, accounted for 15.8 million and 22.1 million, or 29.3 and 51.8 , of our revenue for
years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. For more information about these transactions, see Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. We have also entered into CDPs with GLOBALFOUNDRIES, whose majority stockholder, Advanced Technology Investment Company, LLC, beneficially owned approximately 3.8 
of our capital stock as of December 31, 2011, and SanDisk Corporation and Toshiba Corporation, which collectively hold warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 822,368 shares of our common
stock. 

 We
believe that the transactions and agreements that we have entered into with related parties are on terms that are at least as favorable as could reasonably have been obtained at such
time from third parties. However, these relationships could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when our board of directors is faced with decisions that could have different
implications for us and our related parties or their affiliates. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise between us and our related parties and their affiliates. The appearance of conflicts, even
if such conflicts do not materialize, might adversely affect the public's perception of us, as well as our relationship with other companies and our ability to enter into new relationships in the
future, including new CDPs with competitors of such related parties, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to do business. 

 We are subject to warranty claims, product recalls and product liability. 

 We may, from time to time, be subject to warranty or product liability claims for our HPC tools that may in the future lead to expenses
as we compensate affected customers for costs incurred related to product quality issues. Although we maintain product liability insurance, such insurance is subject to significant deductibles and
there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all such claims. Alternatively, we may elect to self-insure with respect to certain matters. We
may incur costs and expenses in the event of any recall of a HPC tool sold to our customers. We may incur replacement costs, contract damage
claims from our customers and reputational harm. Costs or payments made in connection with warranty and product liability claims and product recalls could materially affect our financial condition and
results of operations. 

 Compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations could increase costs or cause us to incur substantial liabilities. 

We are subject to various foreign, federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations governing, among other matters,
emissions and discharges of hazardous materials into the air and water, the use, generation, storage, handling, transportation and disposal of, and exposure to, hazardous materials and wastes,
remediation of contamination and employee health and safety. In addition, under certain of these environmental laws, liability can be joint and several and without regard to comparative fault. Our
operations involve the use of hazardous materials and produce hazardous waste, and we could become liable for any injury or contamination that could arise due to such use or disposal of these
materials. Failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could result in the imposition of substantial civil and criminal fines and sanctions, could require operational changes or limits
or the installation of costly equipment or otherwise lead to third party claims. Future environmental laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, or the discovery of
previously unknown contamination or violations of such laws and regulations could require us to incur costs or become the basis for new or increased liabilities, which could impair our operations and
adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

 39 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions may harm our business and operating results, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities or dilute our shareholders. 

 We have made and may in the future make strategic investments or acquisitions where there is an opportunity to expand the potential
applications and reach of our HPC platform. Exploring and implementing any investments or acquisitions may place strain upon our ability to manage our future growth and may divert management attention
from our core development and licensing business. There are also other risks associated with this strategy. We cannot assure you that we will be able to make investments or acquire businesses on
satisfactory terms, that any business acquired by us or in which we invest will be integrated successfully into our operations or be able to operate profitably, or that we will be able to realize any
expected synergies or benefits from such investments or acquisitions. Our relative inexperience in effecting such transactions heightens these risks. In addition, to finance any acquisitions or
investments, we may utilize our existing funds, or might need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financings. Prolonged tightening of the financial markets may impact
our ability to obtain financing to fund future acquisitions and we could be forced to obtain financing on less than favorable terms. Additionally, equity financings may result in dilution to our
stockholders. We cannot predict the number, timing or size of investments or acquisitions, or the effect that any such transactions might have on our operating results. 

 Global or regional economic, political and social conditions could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

 We operate in multiple jurisdictions throughout the world and are subject to foreign business, political and economic risks. In
particular, we are subject to risks arising from adverse changes in global economic conditions. Global economic uncertainties in the key markets of many of our customers may cause our customers to
delay or reduce technology purchases and investments. The impact of this on us is difficult to predict, but if businesses defer licensing our technology, require fewer CDPs or development tools, or if
consumers defer purchases of new products that incorporate technology developed through our CDPs, our revenue could decline. A decline in revenue would have an adverse effect on our results of
operations and our financial condition. 

 In
addition, some of our largest customers are located outside of the United States, primarily in Asia, which further exposes us to foreign risks. Also, a substantial portion of the
consumer products market that serves as the end-market for the products we help our customers to develop is located in Asia. As a result, our operations are subject to substantial
influence by political and economic conditions as well as natural disasters in Asia such as the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan. Reduced end user demand as well as disruptions to the supply chain
for our customers resulting from these or other events could lead to a reduction in our revenue and an adverse impact on our financial condition. 

 We
are also subject to general geopolitical risks in connection with international operations, such as political, social and economic instability, terrorism, interference with
information or communication of networks or systems, potential hostilities, changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, and disease outbreaks, and any disruptive effect these events would have on
our business operations. Although to date we have not experienced any material adverse effect on our operations as a result of these types of regulatory, geopolitical, and other factors, we cannot
assure investors that these factors will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results or require us to modify our current business practices.
Inconsistencies among, and unexpected changes in, a wide variety of foreign laws and regulatory environments with which we are not familiar, including, among other issues, with respect to employees,
protection of our intellectual property, and a wide variety of operational regulations and trade and export controls under domestic, foreign, and international law may also have unexpected, adverse
impacts on our operations and financial condition. 

 40 

Table of Contents 

 In the future, exchange rate fluctuations could affect our revenue, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

 Our licensing and royalty revenue is derived from sales of our customers' products that incorporate technology developed through our
CDPs. To the extent that sales for these customer products are denominated in a foreign currency, an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to such foreign currencies could adversely affect
our licensing and royalty revenue irrespective of the volume of such products sold, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

 In
addition, we derive a significant portion of our revenue from customers in foreign countries, particularly those based in Japan. Revenue generated from customers in Japan accounted
for 28 , 29 and 30 of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. We expect that a significant portion of our total future revenue will continue to be
derived from companies based in Japan and other foreign countries. If the U.S. dollar increases in value relative to the currencies in any of these countries, the cost of our CDPs, which have
historically been billed in U.S. dollars, will be more expensive to existing and potential customers in those countries, which could adversely affect our ability to generate new or expand existing
CDPs. 

 Business interruptions could delay us in the process of developing our products and could disrupt our sales. 

 Our headquarters are located in the San Francisco Bay Area near known earthquake fault zones and are vulnerable to significant damage
from earthquakes. We are also vulnerable to other types of natural disasters and other events that could disrupt our operations, such as terrorist acts and other events beyond our control. We do not
carry insurance for earthquakes and we may not carry sufficient business interruption insurance to compensate us for losses that may occur. Any losses or damages we incur could have a material adverse
effect on our cash flows and success as an overall business. 

 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income, and our ability to use our tax credit carryforwards, may be subject to certain
limitations. 

 In general, a corporation that undergoes an "ownership change" under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code is subject to
limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) to offset future taxable income and its ability to utilize tax credit carryforwards. As of
December 31, 2011, we reported U.S. federal NOLs of approximately 26.7 million. In general, an "ownership change" occurs if the aggregate stock ownership of certain stockholders
(generally, 5 shareholders, applying certain aggregation and look-through rules) increases by more than 50 percentage points over such stockholders'
lowest percentage ownership during the testing period (generally, three years). We have not determined whether an ownership change has occurred in the past. If we have experienced an ownership change
in the past, our ability to utilize NOLs and tax credit carryforwards could be limited. Furthermore, future changes in our stock ownership, such as certain stock issuances and transfers between
stockholders, some of which changes are outside of our control, could result in ownership changes under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. For these reasons, we may not be able to
utilize a material portion of our NOLs and tax credit carryforwards, even if we attain profitability. 

 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

 Our stock price may be volatile, which may cause the value of our common stock to decline and subject us to securities class action litigation. 

 The market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations. Market prices for securities of early stage
companies have historically been particularly volatile. These fluctuations could be in response to, among other things, the factors described in this "Risk Factors" section or 

 41 

Table of Contents 

 elsewhere
in this annual report on Form 10-K, or other factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as: 

fluctuations in our financial results or outlook or those of our customers or of companies perceived to be similar to us; 
 changes in estimates of our financial results or recommendations by securities analysts; 
 changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic alliances; 
 litigation involving us, our general industry or both; 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 regulatory developments in the U.S., countries in Asia, and/or other foreign countries; 
 investors' general perception of us; and 
 changes in general economic, industry and market conditions. 

Furthermore,
the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected, and continue to affect, the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These
fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market
conditions, such as
recessions, interest rate changes and international currency fluctuations, may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. 

In
the past, many companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have become subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this
type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management's attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our
business. 

 We have incurred and will continue to incur increased costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies,
which could harm our results of operations. 

 As a public company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant accounting, legal and other expenses that we did not incur
as a private company, including costs associated with public company reporting requirements. We have incurred and will continue to incur costs associated with corporate governance requirements,
including requirements under Section 404 and other provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules implemented by the Securities Exchange Commission, or SEC, and the exchange on which we
list our common stock. The expenses incurred by public companies for reporting and corporate governance purposes have increased dramatically in recent years. We expect these rules and regulations to
substantially increase our financial and legal compliance costs. In addition, these rules and regulations are subject to change from time to time, and we may incur additional financial and legal
compliance costs as we seek to understand and comply with changes in these rules and regulations. We also expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and expensive for us to maintain
director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage previously
available. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as our executive officers. 

 42 

Table of Contents 

 If we experience material weaknesses or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately report our
financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 

 As a public company, we will be required, under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on,
among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2012. This assessment will need to include disclosure of any
material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting, as well as an opinion from our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a control deficiency or combination of control deficiencies that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material
misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 

 We
are in the early stages of the costly and challenging process of hiring personnel and compiling the system and processing documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to
comply with Section 404. We may not be able to complete our evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion. During the evaluation and testing process, if we identify one
or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal controls are effective. We cannot assure you that there will not be material
weaknesses and significant deficiencies in our internal controls in the future. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent
registered public accounting firm were to issue an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and
completeness of our financial reports, which would cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

 We
have not completed a testing cycle under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and cannot assure you that we will be able to implement and maintain an effective internal
control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain such controls could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations. 

The concentration of our capital stock ownership by our executive officers, directors and 5 stockholders will limit your ability to influence corporate matters. 

 Our executive officers, directors, current five percent or greater stockholders and entities affiliated with them together beneficially
owned approximately 70.1 of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2011. Entities affiliated with Redpoint Ventures, entities affiliated with CMEA Ventures and entities affiliated
with U.S. Venture Partners beneficially owned approximately 18.0 , 18.1 and 12.7 of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2011. This significant concentration of share ownership may
adversely affect the trading price for our common stock because investors often perceive disadvantages in owning stock in companies with
concentrated stock ownership. Also, these stockholders, acting together, will be able to influence our management and affairs and matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of
directors and the approval of significant corporate transactions, such as mergers, consolidations or the sale of substantially all of our assets. Consequently, this concentration of ownership may have
the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control, including a merger, consolidation or other business combination involving us, or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer
or otherwise attempting to obtain control, even if that change of control would benefit our other stockholders. 

 43 

Table of Contents 

 A significant portion of our total outstanding shares may be sold into the public market in the near future, which could cause the market price of our common stock to drop
significantly, even if our business is doing well. 

 If our existing stockholders sell, or if the market believes our existing stockholders will sell, substantial amounts of our common
stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. As of December 31, 2011, we had 42,218,906 shares of common stock outstanding. Of these shares,
32,568,906 shares are currently restricted from transfer as a result of contractual lock-up and/or market standoff agreements entered into in connection with our initial public offering.
The lock-up restrictions are scheduled to terminate on May 15, 2012, subject to extension in certain cases for up to 34 additional days under certain circumstances where we announce
or pre-announce earnings or a material event occurs within approximately 17 days prior to, or approximately 16 days after, the termination of the lock-up period.
In addition, the underwriters of our initial public offering may, in their sole discretion and at any time without notice, release all or any portion of the securities subject to the
lock-up restrictions. Once released, these shares will generally become eligible for sale, subject in some cases to the volume limitations and other restrictions of Rule 144 and
Rule 701 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and upon the lapse of our right of repurchase with respect to any unvested shares. 

 In
addition, as of December 31, 2011, the holders of 26,492,877 shares of our common stock are entitled to certain rights with respect to the registration of such shares under the
Securities Act, subject to the lock-up restrictions described above. If we register such shares of common stock following the expiration of the lock-up restrictions, these
stockholders could sell those shares in the public market without being subject to the volume and other restrictions of Rule 144 and Rule 701. 

In
the meantime, as a result of our relatively small public float, our common stock is less liquid than the common stock of companies with broader public ownership, and the trading
prices for our common stock may be more volatile than generally may be the case for more widely-held
common stock. Among other things, trading of a relatively small volume of our common stock may have a greater impact on the trading price of our common stock than would be the case if our public float
were larger. 

 We
also registered approximately 12.6 million shares of our common stock subject to outstanding stock options and reserved for issuance under our equity plans. These shares can be
freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to vesting restrictions and the lock-up restrictions described above. 

 If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they change their recommendations
regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish
about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative
recommendations about our competitors, our stock price would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could
lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

 Anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or
prevent a change in control of our company. These provisions 

 44 

Table of Contents 

 could
also make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. These provisions include: 

staggered board of directors; 
 authorizing the board to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock with rights senior to those of our common
stock; 
 authorizing the board to amend our bylaws and to fill board vacancies until the next annual meeting of the stockholders; 
 prohibiting stockholder action by written consent; 
 limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers; 
 eliminating the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings; and 
 requiring advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals. 

Section 203
of the Delaware General Corporation Law prohibits, subject to some exceptions, "business combinations" between a Delaware corporation and an "interested stockholder,"
which is generally defined as a stockholder who becomes a beneficial owner of 15 or more of a Delaware corporation's voting stock, for a three-year period following the date that the
stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

 These
and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws could discourage potential takeover attempts, reduce the price
that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock and result in the market price of our common stock being lower than it would be without these provisions. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

 Facilities 

 Our facilities currently consist of an aggregate of approximately 146,000 square feet of office, research and development clean room
space in San Jose, California, pursuant to a lease that expires in 2015. For our CDP engagements, as of December 31, 2011, we were using approximately 56 of the capacity of our clean room
space in San Jose. We have historically expanded and invested in our facilities to support the growth of our CDPs and we expect to be able to continue to do so on commercially reasonable terms as we
engage in new CDPs in the future. We have no reason to believe that additional space that we may need in the future will not be available on commercially reasonable terms. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 From time to time, we may become involved in other legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are
not currently a party to any legal proceedings the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, we believe would individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 Not applicable. 

 45 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER REPURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 Market Information for Common Stock 

 Our common stock has been listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market, or NASDAQ, under the symbol "IMI" since our initial public
offering on November 18, 2011. The following table sets forth on a per share basis, for the periods indicated, the low and high sale prices of our common stock as reported by NASDAQ. 

Low 
 
 High 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2011 

Fourth Quarter (beginning November 18, 2011) 

8.00 

10.01 

As
of March 15, 2012, there were approximately 105 holders of record of our common stock. In addition, a substantially greater number of stockholders may be "street name" or
beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 

 Dividend Policy 

 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings for use in the
operation and expansion of our business, and currently do not plan to declare or pay any dividends on shares of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Subject to the foregoing, the payment of
cash dividends in the future, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon a number of factors, including our earnings, capital requirements, requirements under the
Delaware General Corporation Law, restrictions and covenants pursuant to any credit facilities we may enter into, our overall financial condition and any other factors deemed relevant by our board of
directors. 

 Performance Graph 

The following graph compares our total common stock return with the total return for (i) the NASDAQ Composite Index (^IXIC) and
(ii) Philadelphia Stock Exchange Semiconductor Index (SOX) for the period from November 18, 2011 (the date our common stock
commenced trading on the NASDAQ) through December 31, 2011. The figures represented below assume an investment of 100 in our common stock at the closing price of 9.50 on November 18,
2011 and in the NASDAQ Composite Index and Philadelphia Stock Exchange Semiconductor Index on November 18, 2011 and the reinvestment of dividends into shares of common stock. The comparisons in
the table are required by the SEC and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our common stock. This graph shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or to be
"filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not 

 46 

Table of Contents 

 be
deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

 On November 17, 2011, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) declared effective our registration statement on
Form S-1 (File No. 333-175877), as amended, filed in connection with the initial public offering of our common stock. Pursuant to the registration statement, we
registered the offer and sale of 9,650,000 shares of our common stock with an aggregate offering price of 96.5 million. We issued and sold 5,681,796 shares of our common stock at a public
offering price of 10.00 per share for an aggregate offering price of approximately 56.8 million, before deducting underwriters' discounts and commissions and offering expenses. Symyx
Technologies, Inc. sold 3,968,204 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of 10.00 per share for an aggregate offering price of approximately 39.7 million, before
deducting underwriters' discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. The offering did not terminate until after the sale of all of the shares covered by the registration statement. The
managing underwriters of the offering were Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., Pacific Crest Securities LLC and
Needham Company, LLC. After deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses paid or payable by us of approximately 7.6 million, our net proceeds from the
offering were approximately 49.2 million. No payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our common stock or to
their associates, or to our affiliates, other than payments in the ordinary course of business to officers for salaries and to non-employee directors as compensation for board or board
committee service. 

 There
has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on November 18, 2011
pursuant to Rule 424(b). In connection with an agreement for the purchase of intellectual property and the termination of our royalty obligations under an existing license agreement, we issued
a promissory note in the principal amount of 27.3 million to Symyx Technologies, Inc. (Symyx), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Accelrys, Inc., upon the consummation of our initial
public offering. The promissory note has a term of 24 months, an interest rate equal to 4 and is payable in an amount equal to the lesser of the principal amount and the greater of 500,000
per quarter or the amount of accrued interest, with a balloon payment at maturity if applicable. The promissory note is secured by all of our tangible personal property, but excluding intellectual
property. We also agreed to reimburse Symyx for 50 of 

 47 

Table of Contents 

 their
underwriting discounts and commissions from the sale of their shares in our initial public offering, which amount was equal to 1.4 million. A portion of the net proceeds of our initial
public offering will be used to make payments of scheduled interest and payment of principal on the promissory at any time at or prior to maturity. From November 17, 2011, the date on which the
SEC declared effective the registration statement on Form S-1 for our initial public offering, through December 31, 2011, we used a portion of the net proceeds of our initial
public offering to pay Symyx 1.4 million in satisfaction of our agreement to reimburse Symyx for 50 of their underwriter discounts and commissions. We have invested the remainder of funds
received in short and intermediate-term, interest-bearing obligations, investment-grade instruments, or guaranteed obligations of the U.S. government. 

 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

 From January 1, 2011 through December 31, 2011, we sold and issued the following unregistered
securities: 

1. On
March 4, 2011, we issued and sold an aggregate of 3,610,873 shares of our Series E preferred stock at a price of 4.15412 per share, for
aggregate gross consideration of 14,999,999.78, to seven accredited investors. After taking into account the 1-for-2 reverse stock split effected on November 15, 2011,
these shares of Series E preferred stock converted into 1,805,435 shares of common stock upon the consummation of our initial public offering on November 23, 2011.
 2. On
June 1, 2011, we issued a warrant to purchase 411,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 8.30824 per share to Advanced Technology
Investment Company LLC or an aggregate of 3,414,686.64. The warrant was exercised in full by its holder in connection with the consummation of our initial public offering on
November 23, 2011.
 3. On
June 14, 2011, we issued and sold an aggregate of 2,407,249 shares of our Series E preferred stock at a price of 4.15412 per share, for
aggregate gross consideration of 10,000,001.21, to one accredited investor. After taking into account the 1-for-2 reverse stock split effected on November 15, 2011,
these shares of Series E preferred stock converted into 1,203,624 shares of common stock upon the consummation of our initial public offering on November 23, 2011.
 4. On
August 25, 2011, we issued a warrant to purchase 2,500 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.20 per share to The Enterprise
Network. The warrant was exercised in full by its holder in connection with the consummation of our initial public offering on November 23, 2011.
 5. Between
January 1, 2011 and December 31, 2011, we granted stock options to purchase 1,393,999 shares of our common stock at exercise prices
ranging from 6.20 to 11.96 per share to a total of 143 employees, consultants and directors under our 2004 Equity Incentive Plan.
 6. Between
January 1, 2011 and December 31, 2011, we granted stock options to purchase 138,750 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of
 10.00 per share to a total of 19 employees under our 2011 Incentive Award Plan.
 7. Between
January 1, 2011 and December 31, 2011, we issued and sold an aggregate of 320,944 shares of our common stock to employees and
consultants at prices ranging from 0.02 to 2.66 per share pursuant to the exercise of options granted under our 2004 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The
issuances of securities described above in paragraphs 1 - 4 were exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance
on Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Regulation D promulgated thereunder, as transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. The purchasers of the
securities in these transactions represented that they were accredited investors and that they were acquiring the securities for investment only and not with a view toward the public sale or
distribution thereof. Such purchasers received written disclosures that the securities had not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and that any resale must be made pursuant
to a registration statement or an available exemption from registration. All purchasers either received adequate financial statement or non-financial statement information about us or had
adequate access, through their relationship with us, to financial statement or non-financial statement information about us. The sale of these securities was made without general
solicitation or advertising. 

 The
issuances of securities described above in paragraphs 5 - 7 were exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance
on Rule 701, Section 4(2) and Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to compensatory benefit plans or agreements approved by the board of directors. 

 All
certificates representing the securities issued in these transactions included appropriate legends setting forth that the securities had not been offered or sold pursuant to a
registration statement and describing the applicable restrictions on transfer of the securities. There were no underwriters employed in connection with any of the transactions described above. 

 49 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

 The following selected consolidated financial data should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The selected consolidated financial data in
this section is not intended to replace our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of our future results. 

 We
derived the consolidated statements of operations data for 2011, 2010 and 2009 and the consolidated balance sheets data as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 from our audited
consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this filing. The consolidated statements of operations data for 2008 and 2007 and the consolidated balance sheets data as of
December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements not included in this filing. The data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements, related notes, and other financial information included herein. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 

(in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Consolidated Statement of Operations Data: 

Revenue: 

CDP and services revenue 

36,733 

27,705 

14,182 

14,647 

8,594 

Product revenue 

2,717 

6,959 

9,065 

6,206 

Licensing and royalty revenue 

14,380 

8,010 

3,663 

2,276 

Total revenue 

53,830 

42,674 

26,910 

23,129 

8,594 

Cost of revenue 

25,469 

20,926 

13,018 

12,625 

4,873 

Gross profit 

28,361 

21,748 

13,892 

10,504 

3,721 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

19,260 

13,917 

10,983 

11,849 

9,415 

Sales and marketing 

4,285 

4,074 

3,211 

3,849 

1,541 

General and administrative 

8,534 

5,761 

4,867 

4,300 

3,837 

Total operating expenses 

32,079 

23,752 

19,061 

19,998 

14,793 

Loss from operations 

(3,718) 
 
 (2,004) 
 
 (5,169) 
 
 (9,494) 
 
 (11,072) 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income (expense), net 

(87) 
 
 43 

(6) 
 
 174 

850 

Other income (expense), net 

(26,167) 
 
 202 

(62) 
 
 6 

Total other income (expense), net 

(26,254) 
 
 245 

(68) 
 
 180 

850 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

(29,972) 
 
 (1,759) 
 
 (5,237) 
 
 (9,314) 
 
 (10,222) 

Provision for income taxes 

43 

19 

17 

186 

1 

Net loss 

(30,015) 
 
 (1,778) 
 
 (5,254) 
 
 (9,500) 
 
 (10,223) 

Accretion on redeemable convertible preferred stock 

(8,660) 
 
 (14,162) 
 
 (9,170) 
 
 (5,436) 
 
 (4,168) 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

(38,675) 
 
 (15,940) 
 
 (14,424) 
 
 (14,936) 
 
 (14,391) 

Net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted 

(3.99) 
 
 (2.86) 
 
 (2.62) 
 
 (2.97) 
 
 (3.17) 

Weighted-average number of shares used in computing net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted 

9,698,880 

5,567,286 

5,511,889 

5,024,118 

4,542,762 

Other Data: 

Adjusted EBITDA (unaudited) 

6,367 

4,589 

272 

(5,062) 
 
 (7,737) 

Adjusted earnings (unaudited) 

(842) 
 
 (358) 
 
 (4,131) 
 
 (8,504) 
 
 (8,956) 

50 

Table of Contents 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 

(in thousands) 

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data: 

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 

81,002 

23,064 

32,620 

40,902 

26,744 

Working capital 

74,665 

4,825 

16,389 

26,663 

18,552 

Total assets 

127,814 

55,571 

54,469 

62,190 

40,877 

Long-term debt, including current portion 

27,318 

4,445 

3,194 

Preferred stock warrant liability 

215 

159 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock 

55,633 

55,633 

55,633 

35,738 

Accumulated accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to redemption values 

34,426 

20,264 

11,094 

5,658 

Total stockholders' equity (deficit) 

80,173 

(64,356) 
 
 (49,889) 
 
 (36,579) 
 
 (22,706) 

Non-GAAP Financial Measure 

 We believe that the use of adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings, both non-GAAP financial measures, are helpful for an
investor in determining whether to invest in our common stock. We include both adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings in this Annual Report on Form 10-K because (i) we seek to
manage our business to consistent levels of adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings, (ii) these measures are a key basis upon which our management assesses our operating performance,
(iii) they are primary metrics investors use in evaluating companies' performance in our industry and (iv) they are factors in the evaluation of the performance of our management in
determining compensation. We define adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) less interest, provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, non-cash revenue adjustments as a
result of common stock warrants issued to customers,
derivative mark-to-market adjustments and stock-based compensation expense. We define adjusted earnings as net income (loss) less non-cash revenue adjustments as a
result of common stock warrants issued to customers, derivative mark-to-market adjustments and stock-based compensation expense. 

 We
use adjusted EBITDA as a key performance measure because we believe it facilitates operating performance comparisons from period to period by excluding potential differences caused by
variations in capital structures, tax positions (such as the impact of changes in effective tax rates or fluctuations in permanent differences or discrete quarterly items), the impact of depreciation
and amortization expense, the non-cash impact of common stock warrants issued to customers and the impact of stock-based compensation expense. 

 We
believe adjusted EBITDA and similar measures are widely used by investors, securities analysts, ratings agencies and other interested parties in our industry as a measure of financial
performance and debt-service capabilities. Our use of adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of
our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect our cash expenditures for capital equipment or other contractual commitments; 
 Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may
have to be replaced in the future, and adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the significant interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service interest
or principal payments on our indebtedness; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect certain tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us; and 
 Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate adjusted EBITDA measures differently, which reduces
their usefulness as a comparative measure. 

We
also believe adjusted earnings and similar measures are also widely used by investors, securities analysts, ratings agencies and other interested parties in our industry as a measure
of financial performance and debt-service capabilities. Our use of adjusted earnings has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute
for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 

Adjusted earnings do not reflect our cash expenditures for capital equipment or other contractual commitments; 
 Adjusted earnings do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; and 
 Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate adjusted earnings measures differently, which reduces
their usefulness as a comparative measure. 

Because
of these limitations, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings should not be considered as a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business.
When evaluating our performance, you should consider adjusted EBITDA and our adjusted earnings alongside other financial performance measures, including our net loss and other GAAP results. 

The
following tables present a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA and our adjusted earnings to our net loss, the most comparable GAAP measure, for each of the periods indicated: 

Years Ended December 31, 

Adjusted EBITDA:

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 

(in thousands) 

Net loss 

(30,015) 
 
 (1,778) 
 
 (5,254) 
 
 (9,500) 
 
 (10,223) 

Non-GAAP adjustments: 

Revenue(1) 

312 

519 

Interest, net 

641 

13 

48 

(94) 
 
 (850) 

Provision for taxes 

43 

19 

17 

186 

1 

Depreciation and amortization 

7,079 

4,971 

4,380 

3,430 

2,105 

Mark-to-market derivative liability 

25,865 

Stock-based compensation expense(2) 

2,442 

1,364 

1,081 

916 

711 

Adjusted EBITDA 

6,367 

4,589 

272 

(5,062) 
 
 (7,737) 

52 

Table of Contents 

Years Ended December 31, 

Adjusted Earnings

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 

(in thousands) 

Net loss 

(30,015) 
 
 (1,778) 
 
 (5,254) 
 
 (9,500) 
 
 (10,223) 

Non-GAAP adjustments: 

Revenue(1) 

312 

519 

Interest expense (preferred stock warrant mark-to-market) 

554 

56 

42 

80 

37 

Mark-to-market derivative liability 

25,865 

Stock-based compensation expense(2) 

2,442 

1,364 

1,081 

916 

711 

Adjusted earnings 

(842) 
 
 (358) 
 
 (4,131) 
 
 (8,504) 
 
 (8,956) 

(1) Reduction
in revenue as a result of common stock warrants issued in connection with a customer agreement
 (2) Includes
stock-based compensation as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 

(in thousands) 

Cost of revenues 

622 

285 

134 

71 

81 

Research and development 

462 

204 

222 

170 

192 

Sales and marketing 

770 

422 

378 

408 

256 

General and administrative 

588 

453 

347 

267 

182 

Total stock-based compensation 

2,442 

1,364 

1,081 

916 

711 

53 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial
statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains "forward-looking statements"
within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as "may," "will,"
"expect," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "could," "should," "estimate," or "continue," and similar expressions or variations. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties
and other factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could
cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled "Risk Factors," set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K and elsewhere in this report. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K represent our views as of the date of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some
point in the future, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law.
You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

 Overview 

 We have pioneered a proprietary approach to accelerate research and development, innovation and time-to-market
for the semiconductor and clean-energy industries. Using our approach, we develop technology and intellectual property (IP) focused on advanced materials, processes, integration and device
architectures in collaboration with our customers. This technology enables our customers to bring optimized, high-volume manufacturing-ready integrated devices to market faster and with
less risk than traditional approaches to research and development (R D). We provide our customers with proprietary technology through various fee arrangements and grant them rights to associated IP,
primarily through royalty-bearing licenses. Our proprietary approach is broadly applicable to high-volume integrated device markets, which include semiconductors, flat glass coatings and
glass-based devices, solar cells, light-emitting diodes (LEDs), flat-panel displays, advanced batteries and other energy-efficient technologies. 

We
currently target large, high-volume semiconductor and high-growth emerging clean-energy markets, including DRAM, flash memory, complex logic, flat glass, solar
cells, LEDs and energy-efficient technologies. Within these broad markets, we target customers that have track records of technological innovation, deploy significant resources and are pursuing
technical advancements that are critical to their success and strategy, including ATMI, Elpida Memory, GLOBALFOUNDRIES, Guardian Industries, SanDisk, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC)
and Toshiba. ATMI and Elpida have commenced shipping products incorporating technology developed through our collaborative development programs (CDPs) and pay us licensing and royalty fees. To date,
we have received the majority of our revenue from customers in DRAM, flash memory, complex logic and energy-efficient applications in flat glass coatings and glass-based devices, and have not yet
received a material amount of revenue from customers in solar cells, LEDs and other energy-efficient technologies. 

 We
were founded in 2004 and are headquartered in San Jose, California. Our total revenue increased to 53.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2011 from
 42.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2010. Our backlog as of December 31, 2011 was 85.6 million, of which 47.2 million is scheduled to be recognized as
revenue during 2012, and 38.4 million is scheduled to be recognized as revenue in future periods beyond 2012. Our adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2011 was
 6.4 million. Our net loss increased to 30.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2011 from 1.8 million from the year ended December 31, 2010. Our net loss in
2011 included a mark-to-market 

 54 

Table of Contents 

 related
charge recorded in other income (expense), net in the amount of 25.9 million related to our purchase of our intellectual property from Symyx. Since inception, we have incurred net
losses leading to an accumulated deficit of 100.5 million as of December 31, 2011. During February 2012, one of our significant customers, Elpida, filed for protection under the
Corporate Reorganization Act in Japan, and our revenue from Elpida may decline as a result. For example, as part of any restructuring under this Act, our CDP services revenue may be reduced or even
eliminated, and Elpida may either voluntarily or involuntarily reduce or eliminate payments owed to us or shipments of products that include our licensed technology. As of December 31, 2011 we
had 17.8 million in backlog from Elpida, of which 8.8 million is to be recognized during 2012 with the balance to be recognized in periods beyond 2012. 

 How We Generate Revenue 

 Our business model aligns our interests with those of our customers as we collaborate to develop proprietary technology and IP for
high-volume integrated devices through CDPs. As such, our customer engagement process generates revenue in three ways: CDP and services revenue; product revenue; and licensing and royalty
revenue. CDPs are our primary engagement model with customers and are structured to result in licensing and royalty revenue. When we initially engage with a customer, we generate revenue from
micro-CDPs, CDPs and licensing of our HPC platform. When technology developed through CDPs is incorporated in our customers' commercialized products, we generate licensing and royalty
revenue. In certain cases, we sell HPC processing tools to our customers who pay a recurring license fee to operate those tools with our combinatorial processing capabilities. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

(in thousands) 

Revenue: 

CDP and services revenue 

36,733 

27,705 

14,182 

Product revenue 

2,717 

6,959 

9,065 

Licensing and royalty revenue 

14,380 

8,010 

3,663 

Total revenue 

53,830 

42,674 

26,910 

CDP and services revenue. CDP revenue includes payments
for full time equivalent (FTE) employees, milestone payments, subscription payments for dedicated and shared workflow tools used in the CDP, reimbursed payments for consumables and outside services
from third parties. Individual CDPs typically range from one to three years. Services revenue outside of CDPs is substantially comprised of support and maintenance fees and extended warranty
agreements. 
 Product revenue. Product revenue consists of sales of our
workflow hardware and embedded software. In support of our business strategy, we selectively sell our proprietary tools to increase opportunities for CDPs and licensing fees and royalties.
Historically, we have not sold a significant number of our workflow products and we do not anticipate selling a significant number in the future. As our other revenue streams increase we expect our
product revenue to decrease as a percentage of our overall revenue. Product sales that originated prior to January 1, 2011 are generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the
maintenance period once delivery has occurred (title and risk of loss have passed to the customer), and customer acceptance, if required, has been achieved. 
 Licensing and royalty revenue. Licensing and royalty
revenue consists of licensing fees and royalties for granting our customers rights to our proprietary technology and IP. Specifically, this includes licensing the HPC capabilities of our workflows,
licensing our informatics and analysis software and licensing fees and royalties on products commercialized by our customers that incorporate technology developed through our CDPs. In the last three
years, licensing and 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

royalty
revenue has been the fastest growing element of our revenue. Over the long term, we expect licensing and royalty revenue to be an increasing and significant component of our revenue. 

Our
revenue growth has been primarily driven by the adoption of our collaboration model and HPC platform leading to both new CDPs and the ramp of licensing and royalty revenue from
products commercialized by our customers that incorporate technology developed through our CDPs. Successful CDPs result in the commercialization of products whereby we receive licensing fees and
royalties over the course of the respective product cycles. Certain of our semiconductor customers have already commenced shipping products incorporating technology developed through our CDPs, which
generate associated licensing and royalty revenue. Our revenue mix may vary from quarter to quarter as we enter into new CDPs and related customer arrangements, existing CDPs are completed or expanded
and licensing and royalty arrangements generate revenue. 

 Prior
to entering into a new CDP, we negotiate licensing fees and royalty rates for technology to be developed in CDPs. The fees and rates are negotiated with each customer on the basis
of multiple factors including the size of the servable market of the technology to be developed, the value contribution of the technology to the customer's product, and the anticipated overall margin
structure of the customer's product. Licensing fees and royalty rates are set for each
CDP-developed technology. While royalty rates vary, when working with device manufacturers, we typically target 1-2 of their projected end-product revenue for each
CDP-developed technology. When working with suppliers to device manufacturers, we typically target higher royalty rates depending on the anticipated value contribution of the technology to
their product. Licensing fees and royalty rates are structured in a variety of ways including fixed quarterly fees, percentage of revenue and fee per product. 

Our
proprietary platform was initially created to address critical development challenges in the semiconductor industry and we began generating revenue in 2006. The applicability of our
platform to address similar challenges in adjacent vertical markets such as clean-energy markets has created, and we believe will continue to create, new market opportunities for us. We began
generating revenue from customers in the clean-energy industry during the year ended December 31, 2010, and continued to generate revenue from customers in the clean-energy industry in 2011. We
believe collaborating with companies in the clean-energy industry will accelerate the long-term growth of our business. The following table sets forth our revenue by customer end market: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

(in thousands) 

Semiconductor 

49,655 

40,678 

26,910 

Clean energy 

4,175 

1,996 

Total 

53,830 

42,674 

26,910 

Key Financial Metrics 

 We monitor the key financial metrics set forth below to help us evaluate growth trends, establish budgets, measure the effectiveness of
our sales and marketing efforts, manage our human resources and assess operational efficiencies. 

 Revenue growth and mix. We monitor revenue from CDPs for existing and new customers, applications and the resulting licensing
fees and royalties. As
our customer engagements progress, we expect licensing and royalty revenue to be an increasing and significant component of our revenue. We are broadening our development and sales efforts by
expanding CDPs in the semiconductor industry resulting from the adoption of our HPC platform for technology development and engaging in CDPs
with companies in the clean-energy industry as we believe this will accelerate the future growth of our business. 

 56 

Table of Contents 

 Backlog. We monitor our backlog as it represents the aggregate value of contracted business not yet recognized. Our backlog
consists of future
revenue that our customers are contractually committed to pay in our CDPs and guaranteed licensing and royalty revenue for our developed technology and intellectual property. Our backlog as of
December 31, 2011 was 85.6 million, of which 47.2 million is scheduled to be recognized as revenue during 2012, and 38.4 million is scheduled to be recognized as revenue
in future periods beyond 2012. 

 Adjusted EBITDA. We monitor our adjusted EBITDA to measure the profitability of our business. We use adjusted EBITDA as a key
performance measure
because we believe it facilitates operating performance comparisons from period to period by excluding potential differences caused by variations in capital structures, tax positions (such as the
impact of changes in effective tax rates or fluctuations in permanent differences or discrete quarterly items), the impact of depreciation and amortization expense, the non-cash impact of
the mark-to-market of our derivative liability as a result of the Symyx asset purchase transaction and common stock warrants issued to customers and the impact of stock-based
compensation expense. See "Selected Consolidated Financial Data Non-GAAP Financial Measure" for a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to our net income (loss), the most
comparable GAAP measure. 

 Adjusted earnings. We monitor our adjusted earnings to measure the profitability of our business. We use adjusted earnings as a
performance measure
because we believe it facilitates operating performance comparisons from period to period by excluding potential differences caused by variations in capital structures, the non-cash impact
of the mark-to-market of our derivative liability as a result of the Symyx asset purchase transaction and common stock warrants issued to customers and the impact of
stock-based compensation expense. See "Selected Consolidated Financial Data Non-GAAP Financial Measure" for a reconciliation of our adjusted earnings to our net income (loss),
the most comparable GAAP measure. 

 Factors Affecting our Performance 

 Reliance on our customers' success. Our success is tied to our customers' ability to successfully commercialize the products
that incorporate
technology developed through CDPs. We believe that we significantly improve our customers' ability to succeed in their end markets, but if they are unable to do so, the longer-term
licensing and royalty revenue that we expect may be delayed or may not materialize. We attempt to manage this risk by carefully selecting projects and only participating in opportunities that we deem
to have significant potential for long-term success. 

 Exposure to semiconductor memory and solar power end markets. Our performance is linked to the end markets in which our
customers operate. Certain of
these markets, such as the semiconductor memory markets and the solar panel market, have historically shown significant price volatility as a result of imbalances in supply and demand. As such, these
markets have been traditionally challenging for participants. We attempt to manage this end market risk by participating in multiple end markets and by selecting customers that we believe will be
successful in those markets. 

 Revenue mix and royalty rates. Our revenue from CDPs and product sales vary from contract to contract depending on the
customer's requirements and
the scope of the collaboration. The gross profit from CDPs and product sales may vary based on the size and scope of the contract. Our royalty rates vary from contract to contract depending on
multiple factors, including the industry, the scope of our collaboration, and the degree to which our IP is central to the development of a given product. Individual royalty opportunities vary
depending on the end market size and the duration of the specific end product life cycle. The gross profit from licensing and royalty revenue may vary based on the size and scope of the contract. We
target an average gross margin contribution that is consistent across the industries and end markets we serve. 

 57 

Table of Contents 

 Long sales cycles. Our sales cycles are long, and we commit significant resources to and incur significant expenses for a
project before a potential
customer commits to use our HPC platform or CDPs. To be successful, we must establish contact with potential customers, often with senior management or executive officers, and educate them about the
benefits of our HPC platform. Our sales cycles to date have typically ranged from 9 to 24 months and may be even longer in the future. Investment of time and resources in a particular customer
engagement that does not ultimately result in material revenue will adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. 

 Customer concentration. Due to the concentrated nature of manufacturers in the DRAM, flash memory and complex logic markets, our
revenue is and may
continue to be concentrated to key high-volume customers. For example, our five largest customers in the year ended December 31, 2011, all of which are in the semiconductor
industry, accounted for 83 of our revenue. We believe there is an opportunity to expand our engagements with these customers into new applications over time. In addition, because our platform is
broadly applicable to semiconductors, flat glass, solar cells, LEDs, flat-panel displays, advanced batteries and other energy-efficient technologies, we believe we have significant
opportunities to engage with a broad range of customers. 

 Related Party Transactions. Some of our customers and other business partners hold a significant stake in our capital stock.
Related party
transactions disclosed in our financial statements accounted for 21.0 million and 26.0 million, or 39.0 and 61.0 , respectively, of our revenue for the years ended December 31,
2011 and 2010. ATMI, which beneficially owns approximately 9.1 of our capital stock as of December 31, 2011, accounted for 15.8 million and 22.1 million, or 29.3 and 51.8 ,
respectively, of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. We believe that the transactions and agreements that we have entered into with related parties are on terms that are
at least as favorable as could reasonably have been obtained at such time from third parties. However, these relationships could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when our
board of directors is faced with decisions that could have different implications for us and our related parties or their affiliates. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise between us and our
related parties and their affiliates. The appearance of conflicts, even if such conflicts do not materialize, might adversely affect the public's perception of us, as well as our relationship with
other companies and our ability to enter into new relationships in the future, including new CDPs with competitors of such related parties, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to
do business. 

 Warrants Issued in Connection with a CDP 

 In March 2010, in connection with a CDP, we issued contingent warrants to two customers to purchase an aggregate of up to 822,368
shares of our common stock at a cash exercise price of 6.08288 per share. The exercise price was equal to the price of the then-most recent sale of preferred stock. These warrants become
exercisable for four months after an election by the holders to license technology developed through the associated CDP. If
either of the customers elect to license this technology, we will record a one-time, non-cash charge based on the fair value of these warrants as measured on the date of
election against any revenue derived from these agreements. The fair value will be determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and may be significant. This election is available to the
customers initially through May 2012, but the election period may be extended for up to an additional two years if the customers extend the CDP. 

 In
June 2011, in connection with a CDP, we issued a fully vested and exercisable warrant to a customer to purchase 411,000 shares of our common stock at a cash exercise price of 8.30824
per share. The exercise price was equal to the price of the then-most recent sale of preferred stock. This warrant was fully exercised in connection with our initial public offering in
November 2011. The fair value of the warrant as measured on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes options pricing model was 312,000 and was recognized as a reduction of revenue derived from the
agreement during the year ended December 31, 2011. 

 58 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Revenue and Operating Expenses 

 Cost of Revenue 

The following table sets forth our cost of revenue by revenue category: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

(in thousands) 

Cost of revenues: 

Cost of CDP and services revenue 

23,761 

16,855 

8,849 

Cost of product revenue 

953 

3,665 

3,972 

Cost of licensing and royalty revenue 

755 

406 

197 

Total cost of revenues 

25,469 

20,926 

13,018 

Our
cost of revenue is variable and depends on the product mix and type of revenue earned in each period relating to our customer programs. As customers commercialize products that
incorporate technology developed through our CDPs, we expect our cost of revenue to decrease as a percentage of total revenue as licensing and royalty revenue become an increasing component of our
revenue. As a result of the Symyx asset purchase transaction the amortization of acquired patents is being recorded in cost of revenue. 

Cost of CDP and services revenue. Our cost of CDP and
services revenue is primarily comprised of salaries and other personnel-related expenses (including stock-based compensation) for our collaborative research and development scientists, engineers and
development fab process operations employees. Additionally, our cost of revenue includes costs of wafers, targets, materials, program-related supplies and depreciation of equipment used in CDPs. 
 Cost of product revenue. Our cost of product revenue
primarily includes our cost of products sold. Our cost of product revenue will fluctuate based on the type of product and configuration sold. Historically, we have not sold a significant number of our
workflow products and we do not anticipate selling a significant number in the future. Our cost of product revenue is recognized in a similar manner as the corresponding product revenue and is
generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the maintenance period for product sales that originated prior to January 1, 2011. The variability in cost of product revenue as a
percentage of revenue is related to the quantity and configuration of products sold during the period and the corresponding maintenance period that product revenue and cost of product revenue is being
recognized. 
 Cost of licensing and royalty revenue. Our cost of
licensing and royalty revenue includes license fees paid to Symyx. As part of the completion of the Symyx asset purchase transaction in November 2011 in connection with our initial public offering, we
will no longer have an obligation to pay licensing fees to Symyx for any period on or after January 1, 2012. 

Research and Development 

 Our R D expenses consist of costs incurred for development and continuous improvement of our HPC platform, expansion of software
capabilities and application research and development that are not associated with customer programs. R D costs include personnel-related expenses (including stock-based compensation expenses), for
our technical staff as well as consultant costs, parts and prototypes, wafers, chemicals, supply costs, facilities costs, utilities costs related to laboratories and offices occupied by technical
staff, depreciation on equipment used by technical staff, and outside services, such as machining and third-party R D costs. Overhead costs that are not allocated to a customer program are recognized
as expenses within R D. We expect our R D expenses will continue to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue to devote substantial internal resources to develop and improve our HPC platform
and extend the applicability of our platform to a broader set of applications within the industries we serve. 

 59 

Table of Contents 

 Sales and Marketing 

 Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs (including stock-based compensation) for our sales and
marketing employees, as well as payments of commissions to our sales employees, facility costs and professional expenses. Professional expenses consist of external website and marketing communication
consulting costs and market research. We expect that our sales and marketing expenses will continue to increase for the foreseeable future as we increase the number of our sales and marketing
employees to support the growth in our business and as we incur external marketing communication costs. 

 General and Administrative 

 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs (including stock-based compensation) as well as
professional services and facilities costs related to our executive, finance, legal, human resources, management information systems and information
technology functions. Professional services consist of outside accounting, information technology, consulting and legal costs. 

Following
the consummation of this offering, we expect to incur significant additional accounting and legal costs related to compliance with rules and regulations enacted by the
Securities and Exchange Commission, including the additional costs of achieving and maintaining compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as additional insurance, investor
relations and other costs associated with being a public company. In addition to these expenses, we expect that our general and administrative expenses will continue to increase for the foreseeable
future. 

 Interest Income (Expense), net 

Interest income, net represents interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. We expect
interest income will vary each reporting period depending on our average investment balances during the period and market interest rates. 

 Interest
expense consists of interest accrued or paid on lines of credit outstanding. We expect interest expense to increase in 2012 as a result of our issuance of the
2-year, 27.3 million promissory note to Symyx in connection with the closing of the Symyx asset purchase transaction that closed in November 2011. 

Other Income (Expense), net 

 Other income consists of municipal economic development grant proceeds received during the year ended December 31, 2010. Other
income (expense), net also consists of the change in fair value of our preferred stock warrants and derivative liability and other income. Prior to the exercise of the preferred stock warrant we
issued in connection with a line of credit, we had classified the warrant as a liability and remeasured it to fair value at each balance sheet date with the corresponding gain or loss from the
adjustment recorded as other income (expense), net. Following the exercise of the warrant in connection with our initial public offering in November 2011, the warrant will no longer be remeasured at
each balance sheet date. In connection with entering into the Symyx asset purchase transaction we recorded a derivative liability representing the value of the guaranteed return to Symyx and
reimbursement of 50 of the underwriting discounts and commissions payable in connection with our initial public offering. We adjusted the fair value of the derivative liability to market value at
each balance sheet date with the final remeasurement occurring upon the consummation of our initial public offering that closed in November 2011 with the change in the market value of the derivative
liability recorded in other income (expense), net. 

 60 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for Income Taxes 

 We are subject to taxes in the United States as well as other tax jurisdictions or countries in which we conduct business. Earnings
from our non-U.S. activities are subject to local country income tax and may be subject to current U.S. income tax. To date, we have incurred net losses and have not recorded any U.S.
federal income tax benefits as these losses have been offset by valuation allowances. As of December 31, 2011, we had net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes
of approximately 26.7 million and 29.9 million, respectively, to offset future taxable income. In addition, we had 3.5 million in U.S. federal R D credit and 3.5 million in
California R D credit carryforwards to offset future income tax liabilities. Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income and our ability to use our tax
credit carryforwards to offset future income tax liabilities may be subject to certain limitations arising from "ownership changes" within the meaning of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code. 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States and include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires our management to make estimates, assumptions and
judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures for contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of
revenue and expenses during the applicable periods. Management bases its estimates, assumptions and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances. Different assumptions and judgments would change the estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements which, in turn, could change the results from
those reported. Our management evaluates its estimates, assumptions and judgments on an ongoing basis. 

 The
critical accounting policies requiring estimates, assumptions and judgments that we believe have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements are described
below. 

 Revenue Recognition 

 We generate revenue from three principal sources: CDPs and other services, which also includes other R D services and product
maintenance and support; product sales; and technology licensing and royalty fees. It is possible for our customers to work with us across multiple areas of our business, and certain of our customer
arrangements involve the delivery or performance of multiple products, services or licenses. For example, product sale arrangements include product maintenance and support, and CDPs and other R D
services include licensing of technology and may also include sales of products. When there are multiple elements of deliverables in a contract entered into or modified on or prior to
December 31, 2010, we identify all deliverables and allocate revenue among all of the undelivered elements, which might include CDP and other services revenue, product revenue and licensing and
royalty revenue, based on objective and reliable evidence of fair value for any such element. In the event that vendor-specific objective evidence does not exist, revenue will be recognized over the
term of the agreement and will be allocated among the deliverables based on the relative stated invoice price for the elements. In an arrangement that includes software that is more than incidental to
the products or services as a whole, we recognize revenue from the software and software-related elements, as well as any non-software deliverable(s) for which a software deliverable is
essential to its functionality, in accordance with the authoritative guidance on software revenue recognition. For transactions originating during 2011 see " Adoption of new
accounting standard for revenue recognition. " 

CDP and services revenue. We enter into CDPs with customers under which we conduct R D activities jointly with the customer. These
agreements specify
minimum levels of research effort 

 61 

Table of Contents 

 required
to be performed by us. Payments received under the agreements are not refundable if the research effort is not successful. Historically, we have not provided any refunds under these
arrangements. 

 We
retain rights to certain elements of technology developed during the course of performance, which the customer has an option to license in the future under the terms defined in the
agreement. We typically recognize revenue from these arrangements on a time and materials basis. Most arrangements with customers have fixed monthly fees and requirements to provide regular reporting
of R D activities performed. Payments received prior to performance are deferred and recognized as revenue when earned over future performance periods. 

 Product
maintenance and support services revenue is included in CDP and services revenue. These services entitle customers to receive product updates and enhancements or technical
support and maintenance, depending on the offering. The related revenue is recognized ratably over the period the services are delivered. We do not have vendor-specific objective evidence of selling
price for our product maintenance and support services. 

 Product revenue. We recognize revenue from the sale of products generally on a straight line basis over the maintenance period once
delivery has
occurred (title and risk of loss have passed to the customer), and customer acceptance, if required, has been achieved. We have determined that the software included with its equipment products is
more than incidental to the product as a whole. We do not have vendor-specific objective evidence of selling price for our products. 

Licensing and royalty revenue. We recognize revenue for licenses to IP when earned pursuant to the terms of the agreements. Time-based
license revenue is recognized ratably over the license term. License and royalty revenue that becomes triggered by specific customer actions, such as exercise of a license option or by sales volume,
is recognized when they occur based on royalty reports or other information received from the licensee, generally one quarter in arrears. Minimum and prepaid royalties and license fees are recognized
ratably over the related periods. 

 Adoption of new accounting standard for revenue recognition. In October 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued a
new accounting
standard which excludes from the scope of software revenue guidance the revenue arrangements which include tangible products that contain software components and non-software components
that function together to deliver the tangible product's essential functionality. At the same time, the FASB also issued another accounting standard which changes the requirements for establishing
separate units of accounting in a multiple-element arrangement and requires the allocation of arrangement consideration to each deliverable to be based on its relative selling price. The new standards
are effective prospectively for revenue arrangements entered into or materially modified in fiscal years beginning on or after June 15, 2010. We adopted the new standards commencing on
January 1, 2011 and therefore applied such standards against all arrangements entered into or modified on or after January 1, 2011. The adoption did not have a material impact on our
consolidated financial condition, operating revenue, results of operations or cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2011 as there were no multiple-element arrangements that included the
sale of products that originated and had performance obligations during the period. The adoption of this standard may impact future revenue recognition for multiple-element arrangements where product
maintenance and support and time-based licenses are the only undelivered elements. The impact of adopting these provisions will result in more product revenue recognized in earlier periods
than would otherwise have been the case prior to adoption, as we allocate revenue using the relative selling price method as opposed to recognizing all revenue from the arrangement ratably over the
longer of the product maintenance and support term or license period. 

 62 

Table of Contents 

 Stock-Based Compensation 

 We recognize compensation costs related to stock options and shares of restricted stock granted to employees based on the estimated
fair value of the awards on the date of grant, net of estimated forfeitures. We estimate the grant date fair value, and the resulting stock-based compensation expense, using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model. The grant date fair value of the stock-based awards is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting
period of the respective awards. 

 The
fair value of the awards granted are calculated using the Black-Scholes option valuation model, which requires the use of highly subjective and complex assumptions which determine
the fair value of share-based awards, including the expected term and the price volatility of the underlying stock. These assumptions include: 

Expected Term. The expected term represents the period that the stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. For option grants
that are considered to be
"plain vanilla," we used the simplified method to determine the expected term as provided by the SEC. The simplified method calculates the expected term as the average of the
time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the options. 

 Expected Volatility. The expected volatility is derived from historical volatilities of several unrelated, publicly listed peer
companies over a period approximately
equal to the expected term of the award because we have limited information on the volatility of our common stock since we have no trading history. When making the selections of our industry peer
companies to be used in the volatility calculation, we considered the size, operational and economic similarities to our principal business operations. 

 Expected Dividend Rate. The expected dividend rate was assumed to be zero as we have never paid dividends and have no current plans to
do so. 

 Risk-Free Interest Rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of grant for zero
coupon U.S. Treasury notes with
maturities approximately equal to the expected term of the awards. 

In
addition to the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, we must also estimate a forfeiture rate to calculate the stock-based compensation for our awards. Our
forfeiture rate is based on an analysis of our actual forfeitures. We will continue to evaluate the appropriateness of the forfeiture rate based on actual forfeiture experience, analysis of employee
turnover and other factors. Quarterly changes in the estimated forfeiture rate can have a significant impact on our stock-based compensation expense as the cumulative effect of adjusting the rate is
recognized in the period the forfeiture estimate is changed. If a revised forfeiture rate is higher than the previously estimated forfeiture rate, an adjustment is made that will result in a decrease
to the stock-based compensation expense recognized in the financial statements. If a revised forfeiture rate is lower than the previously estimated forfeiture rate, an adjustment is made that will
result in an increase to the stock-based compensation expense recognized in the financial statements. 

 We
will continue to use judgment in evaluating the expected volatility, expected terms and forfeiture rates utilized for our stock-based compensation calculations on a prospective basis.
As we continue to accumulate additional data related to our common stock and stock option exercises, we may have refinements to the estimates of our expected volatility, expected terms and forfeiture
rates, which could materially impact our future stock-based compensation expense. 

In
valuing our common stock equity grants prior to our initial public offering in November 2011, we determined a business enterprise value of our company by taking a weighted combination
of the enterprise values calculated under two valuation approaches, an income approach and a market 

 63 

Table of Contents 

 approach.
The income approach estimates the present value of future estimated cash flows, based upon forecasted revenue and costs. These future cash flows are discounted to their present values using
a discount rate which is derived from an analysis of the cost of capital of comparable publicly traded companies in the same industry or similar lines of business as of each valuation date and is
adjusted to reflect the risks inherent in the projected cash flows. The market approach estimates the fair value of a company by applying market multiples of comparable publicly traded companies in
the same industry
or similar lines of business which are based on key metrics implied by the enterprise values or acquisition values of the comparable publicly traded companies. The results of the income approach and
the market approach were then weighted evenly to determine the fair value of our business. This fair value was then allocated to each of our classes of stock according to assumptions made by our board
of directors regarding the likelihood of various liquidity events and an analysis of the rights and preferences of our various securities. 

As
of December 31, 2011 we had 5.8 million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, that is expected to be recognized over a
weighted average period of 3.1 years. In future periods, our stock-based compensation expense is expected to increase as a result of our existing unrecognized stock-based compensation to be
recognized as these awards vest and as we issue additional stock-based awards to attract and retain employees. 

 The
intrinsic value of all outstanding options as of December 31, 2011 was 50.5 million based on the 8.58 per share closing sale price for our common stock on
December 30, 2011, which was the last trading day of 2011. 

 Results of Operations 

 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

(in thousands) 

Revenue: 

CDP and services revenue 

36,733 

27,705 

9,028 

33 

Product revenue 

2,717 

6,959 

(4,242) 
 
 (61) 

Licensing and royalty revenue 

14,380 

8,010 

6,370 

80 

Total revenue 

53,830 

42,674 

11,156 

26 

Cost of revenue 

25,469 

20,926 

4,543 

22 

Gross profit 

28,361 

21,748 

6,613 

30 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

19,260 

13,917 

5,343 

38 

Sales and marketing 

4,285 

4,074 

211 

5 

General and administrative 

8,534 

5,761 

2,773 

48 

Total operating expenses 

32,079 

23,752 

8,327 

35 

Loss from operations 

(3,718) 
 
 (2,004) 
 
 (1,714) 
 
 86 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income (expense), net 

(87) 
 
 43 

(130) 

Other income (expense), net 

(26,167) 
 
 202 

(26,369) 

Total other income (expense), net 

(26,254) 
 
 245 

(26,499) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

(29,972) 
 
 (1,759) 
 
 (28,213) 

Provision for income taxes 

43 

19 

24 

Net loss 

(30,015) 
 
 (1,778) 
 
 (28,237) 

64 

Table of Contents 

Revenue 

Our revenue increased by 11.2 million, or 26 , to 53.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2011 from
 42.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2010. This increase was due to increases in CDP and services revenue and licensing and royalty revenue of 15.4 million which were
partially offset by decreases in product revenue of 4.2 million. 

 CDP
and services revenue increased by 9.0 million, or 33 , to 36.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2011 from 27.7 million during the year ended
December 31, 2010. This increase was primarily attributable to 6.3 million in revenue derived from new customer engagements, combined with 6.3 million from the expansion of
existing customer engagements, offset by a 3.6 million decrease in revenue from the scheduled completion of CDPs. Of the new customer engagements, 5.7 million in revenue was derived
from one new CDP. 

 Product
revenue decreased by 4.2 million, or 61 , to 2.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2011 from 7.0 million during the year ended
December 31, 2010. The decrease in product revenue is due to differences in both the type of product sold during each period as well as the length of the
corresponding maintenance periods for the respective products for which the revenue was recognized. We have not had any product sales of our workflow hardware that were initiated during 2011. 

 Licensing
and royalty revenue increased by 6.4 million, or 80 , to 14.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2011 from 8.0 million during the year
ended December 31, 2010. This increase was primarily attributable to an increase in sales of products subject to licensing fees and royalties, including minimum license fees as guaranteed by
customer contracts. 

 The
following table presents revenue by geographic region (based on invoiced locations) during the twelve months ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 in dollars (in thousands) and as
a percentage of revenue for the periods presented: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 

Revenues 
 
 of Revenues 
 
 Revenues 
 
 of Revenues 

(in thousands) 

(in thousands) 

United States 

35,573 

66 

29,526 

69 

Japan 

15,148 

28 

12,449 

29 

Taiwan 

2,934 

5 

489 

1 

Europe 

175 

1 

210 

1 

Total 

53,830 

100 

42,674 

100 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue increased by 4.5 million, or 22 , to 25.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2011 from
 20.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2010. This change is directly attributable to the increased CDP and services revenue we recognized from our new and ongoing customer
engagements, which resulted in a 6.9 million increase in direct labor, materials and other costs associated with these programs. Additionally, cost of licensing and royalty revenue increased
by 0.3 million directly attributable to increased licensing and royalty revenue. This increase was partially offset by a 2.7 million decrease in cost of product revenue associated with
the decrease in product revenue recognized during the period. 

 Cost
of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased slightly from the prior year from 49 during the year ended December 31, 2010 to 47 in 2011. To the extent we are successful
in growing 

 65 

Table of Contents 

 our
revenue and increasing licensing and royalty revenue as a percentage of revenue we expect our cost of revenue as a percentage of total revenue to decline. 

Research and Development 

R D expenses increased by 5.3 million, or 38 , to 19.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2011 from
 13.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2010. The change is primarily attributable to 2.4 million in higher personnel costs as a result of increased headcount,
 0.6 million increase in facility and occupancy-related costs due to clean room expansion, 1.8 million increase in depreciation expense, and 0.5 million in consulting and professional
service fees. 

Sales and Marketing 

Sales and marketing expenses increased by 0.2 million, or 5 , to 4.3 million during the year ended December 31,
2011 from 4.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2010. The change is primarily due to higher consulting and personnel costs related to increased stock-based compensation expense
during the year ended December 31, 2011. 

General and Administrative 

General and administrative expenses increased by 2.8 million, or 48 , to 8.5 million during the year ended
December 31, 2011 from 5.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2010. The increase is primarily attributable to 1.3 million in higher professional fees associated
with legal and accounting services, 1.2 million in higher personnel costs as a result of increased headcount, and 0.3 million in increased facility expenses. 

Loss from Operations 

Our operating loss increased by 1.7 million, to an operating loss of 3.8 million during the year ended
December 31, 2011 from an operating loss of 2.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2010. To the extent we are successful in growing our revenue and increasing licensing
and royalty revenue as a percentage of our total revenue, and if our expenses increase at a slower rate than our revenue, we expect that our net loss will decrease in the future. Our operating
expenses increased by 8.3 million to 32.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2011 from 23.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2010. We expect our
operating expenses to continue to increase as we expand and invest in our business, making investments in both personnel and capital resources leading to increased depreciation expense. 

Interest Income (Expense), net 

Interest income, net decreased by 130,000 to (87,000) during the year ended December 31, 2011 from 43,000 during the year
ended December 31, 2010. The decrease was primarily attributable to interest expense associated with the note payable to Symyx. 

Other Income (Expense), net 

Other income (expense), net decreased by 26.4 million to an expense of 26.2 million during the year ended
December 31, 2011 from income of 0.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2010. This decrease was due to a charge for the mark-to-market change in
the valuation of the Symyx purchase right derivative that was finalized as part of the closing of the Symyx asset purchase transaction that closed in November 2011 in connection with the completion of
our initial public offering. Included in the mark-to-market change in value is the reimbursement of 50 of Symyx's underwriting discounts and commissions in connection with the
sale of their common stock in our initial public offering, which amount was equal to approximately 1.4 million. 

 66 

Table of Contents 

Provision for Income Taxes 

Provision for income taxes as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 consisted of income taxes on our foreign entities and were not
significant during either period. 

Net Loss 

Our net loss increased by 28.2 million, to a net loss of 30.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2011
from a net loss of 1.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2010. The increase in net loss from our operating loss during the year ended December 31, 2011 was primarily
attributable to the mark-to-market change in the valuation of the Symyx purchase right derivative that resulted in an expense of 25.9 million. 

 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2010 and 2009 

Years Ended December 31, 

2010 
 
 2009 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

(in thousands) 

Revenues: 

CDP and services revenue 

27,705 

14,182 

13,523 

95 

Product revenue 

6,959 

9,065 

(2,106) 
 
 (23) 

Licensing and royalty revenue 

8,010 

3,663 

4,347 

119 

Total revenues 

42,674 

26,910 

15,764 

59 

Cost of revenues 

20,926 

13,018 

7,908 

61 

Gross profit 

21,748 

13,892 

7,856 

57 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

13,917 

10,983 

2,934 

27 

Sales and marketing 

4,074 

3,211 

863 

27 

General and administrative 

5,761 

4,867 

894 

18 

Total operating expenses 

23,752 

19,061 

4,691 

25 

Loss from operations 

(2,004) 
 
 (5,169) 
 
 3,165 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income (expense), net 

43 

(6) 
 
 49 

Other income (expense), net 

202 

(62) 
 
 264 

Total other income (expense), net 

245 

(68) 
 
 313 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

(1,759) 
 
 (5,237) 
 
 3,478 

Provision for income taxes 

19 

17 

2 

Net loss 

(1,778) 
 
 (5,254) 
 
 3,476 

Revenue 

Our revenue increased by 15.8 million, or 59 , to 42.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2010 from
 26.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2009, primarily due to increases in revenue from CDPs and licensing arrangements partially offset by reductions in revenue from product
revenue. 

 CDP
and services revenue increased by 13.5 million, or 95 , to 27.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2010 from 14.2 million during the year ended
December 31, 2009. This change is
attributable to 10.2 million in revenue derived from three customer engagements, including one for a customer in the clean-energy industry, that commenced during the year ended
December 31, 2010. The 

 67 

Table of Contents 

 remaining
 3.3 million increase is due to the net effect of expansions of existing CDPs, partially offset by reductions from the scheduled completion of two CDPs. 

 Product
revenue decreased by 2.1 million, or 23 , to 7.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2010 from 9.1 million during the year ended
December 31, 2009. This decrease is primarily attributable to the recognition of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2009 from four workflow platform sales as compared to
recognition of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2010 from two workflow platform sales. 

Licensing
and royalty revenue increased by 4.3 million, or 119 , to 8.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2010 from 3.7 million during the year
ended December 31, 2009. This change is primarily attributable to a 2.5 million increase in licensing fees and royalties from commercialized products and a 1.8 million increase
in licensing fees from licenses to the HPC capabilities of our workflows and other technology. 

 Revenue
to customers in the various geographic regions remained relatively unchanged. The following table presents revenue by geographic region (based on invoiced locations) during the
years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009 in dollars and as a percentage of revenue for the periods presented: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2010 
 
 2009 

Revenue 
 
 of 
Revenue 
 
 Revenue 
 
 of 
Revenue 

(in thousands) 

(in thousands) 

United States 

29,526 

70 

18,894 

70 

Japan 

12,449 

29 

7,906 

30 

Taiwan 

489 

1 

0 

Europe 

210 

0 

110 

0 

Total 

42,674 

100 

26,910 

100 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue increased by 7.9 million, or 61 , to 20.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2010 from
 13.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2009. This change is directly attributable to the increased CDP and services revenue during the year ended December 31, 2010 that
we recognized from our new and ongoing CDPs, which resulted in a 8.0 million increase in direct labor, materials and other costs associated with these programs, including an increase in
licensing fees payable to Symyx in the amount of 0.9 million. Additionally, cost of licensing and royalty revenue increased by 0.2 million directly attributable to increased licensing
and royalty revenue. These increases were partially offset by a 0.3 million decrease in direct workflow platform costs due to fewer workflow platform sales during the year ended
December 31, 2010. 

 Cost
of revenue as a percentage of revenue remained consistent with the prior year and was 49 and 48 during the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. To the
extent we are successful in growing our revenue and increasing licensing and royalty revenue as a percentage of revenue we expect our cost of revenue as a percentage of total revenue to decline. 

Research and Development 

R D expenses increased by 2.9 million, or 27 , to 13.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2010 from
 11.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2009. The change is attributable to 2.1 million in higher personnel costs as a result of increased headcount, a
 1.6 million increase in facility and occupancy-related costs due to clean room expansion, 0.8 million in parts costs 

 68 

Table of Contents 

 for
internal R D projects and 0.3 million of higher consulting and professional service fees. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in R D expenses due to an increase in the use
of equipment for CDPs resulting in an increase in the allocation of expenses to cost of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2010 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009. 

Sales and Marketing 

Sales and marketing expenses increased by 0.9 million, or 27 , to 4.1 million during the year ended December 31,
2010 from 3.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2009. The change is primarily attributable to 0.5 million in higher personnel costs related to commissions earned on
2010 bookings and collections combined with 0.2 million in higher travel, entertainment and marketing expenses attributable to increased sales and marketing efforts during the year ended
December 31, 2010. 

General and Administrative 

General and administrative expenses increased by 0.9 million, or 18 , to 5.8 million during the year ended
December 31, 2010 from 4.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2009. The increase is primarily attributable to 0.5 million in higher personnel costs as a result of
increased headcount, 0.2 million in higher professional fees, 0.1 million in higher facility and occupancy-related costs and 0.1 million in higher travel and entertainment
costs. 

Interest Income (Expense), net 

Interest income, net changed by 49,000 to income of 43,000 during the year ended December 31, 2010 from an expense of 6,000
during the year ended December 31, 2009. The change is due primarily to the 0.1 million reduction in interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2010 due to the repayment
of our obligations under our amended loan and security agreement which were partially offset by 44,000 of interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. 

Loss from Operations 

Our operating loss decreased by 3.2 million, to an operating loss of 2.0 million during the year ended
December 31, 2010 from an operating loss of 5.2 million during the
year ended December 31, 2009. The decrease in operating loss is related to increased revenue and the composition of that revenue. The increase in licensing and royalty revenue as a percentage
of our total revenue and the increase in our operating expenses growing at a slower rate than revenue have resulted in a decrease in our operating loss. 

Other Income (Expense), net 

Other income (expense) increased by 0.3 million to income of 0.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2010
from an expense of 0.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2009. The change was directly attributable to municipal economic development grant proceeds we received during the year
ended December 31, 2010. 

Provision for Income Taxes 

The income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2010 was 19,000 compared to 17,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2009. Both amounts consisted of income taxes on our foreign entities and were not significant in either period. 

 69 

Table of Contents 

Net Loss 

Our net loss decreased by 3.5 million, to a net loss of 1.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2010 from
a net loss of 5.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2009. The decrease in net loss from our operating loss during the year ended December 31, 2010 was primarily
attributed to municipal economic development grant proceeds and interest income we received during the year. 

 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2008 and 2009 

Years Ended December 31, 

2009 
 
 2008 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

(in thousands) 

Revenues: 

CDP and services revenue 

14,182 

14,647 

(465) 
 
 (3) 

Product revenue 

9,065 

6,206 

2,859 

46 

Licensing and royalty revenue 

3,663 

2,276 

1,387 

61 

Total revenues 

26,910 

23,129 

3,781 

16 

Cost of revenues 

13,018 

12,625 

393 

3 

Gross profit 

13,892 

10,504 

3,388 

32 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

10,983 

11,849 

(866) 
 
 (7) 

Sales and marketing 

3,211 

3,849 

(638) 
 
 (17) 

General and administrative 

4,867 

4,300 

567 

13 

Total operating expenses 

19,061 

19,998 

(937) 
 
 (5) 

Loss from operations 

(5,169) 
 
 (9,494) 
 
 4,325 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income (expense), net 

(6) 
 
 174 

(180) 

Other income (expense), net 

(62) 
 
 6 

(68) 

Total other income (expense), net 

(68) 
 
 180 

(248) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

(5,237) 
 
 (9,314) 
 
 4,077 

Provision for income taxes 

17 

186 

(169) 

Net loss 

(5,254) 
 
 (9,500) 
 
 4,246 

Revenue 

Our revenue increased by 3.8 million, or 16 , to 26.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2009 from
 23.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2008 primarily due to increases in product revenue and licensing and royalty revenue offset by a reduction in revenue from ongoing CDPs. 

CDP
and services revenue decreased by 0.5 million, or 3 , to 14.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2009 from 14.6 million during the year ended
December 31, 2008. The change is primarily due to a decrease in revenue of 4.0 million from the scheduled completion of CDPs, offset by a 3.5 million increase in revenue from
the expansion of existing CDPs. 

 Product
revenue increased by 2.9 million, or 46 , to 9.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2009 from 6.2 million during the year ended
December 31, 2008. The increase in revenue during the year ended December 31, 2009 is primarily attributable to the recognition of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2008
from two workflow platform sales as compared to 

 70 

Table of Contents 

 the
recognition of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2009 from two previous and two additional workflow platform sales. 

 Licensing
and royalty revenue increased by 1.4 million, or 61 , to 3.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2009 from 2.3 million during the year
ended December 31, 2008. This change is primarily attributable to a 0.5 million increase in licensing and royalty fees from commercialized products and a 0.9 million increase in
licensing fees from licenses to the HPC capabilities of our workflows. 

 Revenue
from customers in the various geographic regions (based on invoiced locations) remained relatively unchanged. The following table presents revenue by geographic region during the
years ended December 31, 2008 and 2009 in dollars and as a percentage of revenue for the periods presented: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2009 
 
 2008 

Revenue 
 
 of 
Revenue 
 
 Revenue 
 
 of 
Revenue 

(in thousands) 

(in thousands) 

United States 

18,894 

70 

16,522 

72 

Japan 

7,906 

30 

6,267 

27 

Taiwan 

0 

90 

0 

Europe 

110 

0 

250 

1 

Total 

26,910 

100 

23,129 

100 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue increased by 0.4 million, or 3 , to 13.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2009 from
 12.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2008. The increase is directly attributable to the increase in product revenue during the year ended December 31, 2009, which
resulted in a 0.6 million increase in direct workflow platform costs, including an increase in licensing fees payable to Symyx in the amount of 0.1 million. Additionally, cost of
licensing and royalty revenue increased by 0.1 million directly attributable to increased licensing and royalty revenue. These increases were partially offset by a 0.3 million
reduction in direct labor, materials and other costs associated with our ongoing CDPs due to the reduction in services revenue during the year ended December 31, 2009. 

Research and Development 

R D expenses decreased by 0.9 million, or 7 , to 11.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2009 from
 11.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2008. The decrease is attributable to a 1.1 million decrease in personnel costs, 0.7 million reduction in parts costs for
internal R D programs and 0.3 million reduction in consulting and professional service fees due to R D personnel being used for ongoing CDPs during the year ended December 31, 2009 as
compared to being used during the year ended December 31, 2008 for internal R D projects. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in facility and occupancy-related expenses and an
increase in R D expenses due to a reduction in the use of equipment for CDPs resulting in a decrease in the allocation of expenses to cost of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2009 as
compared to the year ended December 31, 2008. 

Sales and Marketing 

Sales and marketing expenses decreased by 0.6 million, or 17 , to 3.2 million during the year ended December 31,
2009 from 3.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2008. The decrease is 

 71 

Table of Contents 

 attributable
to a 0.3 million decrease in personnel costs related to staff turnover and reduced commission expense and 0.3 million decrease in travel, entertainment and marketing
expenses. 

General and Administrative 

General and administrative expenses increased by 0.6 million, or 13 , to 4.9 million during the year ended
December 31, 2009 from 4.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2008. The increase is attributable to 0.3 million in higher facility and occupancy-related costs,
 0.2 million in higher personnel costs due to changes in headcount and 0.1 million in higher consulting and professional services costs. 

Interest Income (Expense), net 

Interest income, net decreased by 0.2 million to an expense of 6,000 during the year ended December 31, 2009 from
 0.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2008. The change is attributable to a 0.5 million reduction in interest income combined with a 0.3 million reduction in
interest expense. The decrease in interest income is attributable to lower average cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on hand during the year ended December 31, 2009
compared to the year ended December 31, 2008 as we used the proceeds received from our Series D convertible preferred stock financing during the year ended December 31, 2008 for
capital expenditures and principal repayments on our debt obligations during the year ended December 31, 2009. The decrease in interest expense is attributable to the repayment of our
obligations under our amended loan and security agreement in February 2009. 

Loss from Operations 

Our operating loss decreased by 4.3 million, to an operating loss of 5.2 million during the year ended
December 31, 2009 from an operating loss of 9.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2008. The decrease in operating loss is related to increased product and licensing and
royalty revenue. The increase in revenue combined with the overall decline in operating expense has resulted in a decrease in our operating loss during the year ended December 31, 2009. 

Other Income (Expense), net 

Other income (expense) decreased by 0.1 million to an expense of 0.1 million during the year ended December 31,
2009 from income of 6,000 during the year ended December 31, 2008. The change is not significant. 

Provision for Income Taxes 

The tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2009 of 17,000 consisted of 13,000 in foreign income taxes on our foreign
entities and 4,000 in state income taxes. The tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2008 of 186,000 consisted of 11,000 in income taxes on our foreign entities and 175,000 in state
income taxes. 

Net Loss 

Our net loss was essentially the same as our loss from operations for the years ended December 31, 2009 and December 31,
2008. 

 Quarterly Results of Operations 

 You should read the following tables presenting our quarterly results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual Report 

 72 

Table of Contents 

 on
Form 10-K. We have prepared the unaudited information on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial statements. Please note that our operating results for any quarter
are not necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters or for a full year. Our unaudited quarterly results of operations for the eight quarters ended December 31, 2011 were as
follows (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 

Three Months Ended 

December 31, 
2011 
 
 September 30, 
2011 
 
 June 30, 
2011 
 
 March 31, 
2011 
 
 December 31, 
2010 
 
 September 30, 
2010 
 
 June 30, 
2010 
 
 March 31, 
2010 

(unaudited) 

Revenue: 

CDP and services revenue 

10,564 

10,349 

8,027 

7,793 

9,713 

8,186 

7,257 

2,549 

Product revenue 

679 

678 

682 

678 

2,024 

1,635 

1,635 

1,665 

Licensing and royalty revenue 

3,889 

3,847 

3,427 

3,217 

2,427 

2,197 

1,797 

1,589 

Total revenue 

15,132 

14,874 

12,136 

11,688 

14,164 

12,018 

10,689 

5,803 

Cost of revenue 

7,470 

6,676 

5,807 

5,516 

6,938 

5,236 

5,117 

3,635 

Gross profit 

7,662 

8,198 

6,329 

6,172 

7,226 

6,782 

5,572 

2,168 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

4,659 

5,113 

4,969 

4,519 

3,700 

3,864 

3,280 

3,073 

Sales and marketing 

1,056 

1,249 

1,075 

905 

1,018 

1,130 

1,030 

896 

General and administrative 

2,378 

2,231 

2,126 

1,799 

1,511 

1,373 

1,271 

1,606 

Total operating expenses 

8,093 

8,593 

8,170 

7,223 

6,229 

6,367 

5,581 

5,575 

Income (loss) from operations 

(431) 
 
 (395) 
 
 (1,841) 
 
 (1,051) 
 
 997 

415 

(9) 
 
 (3,407) 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income (expense), net 

(103) 
 
 6 

6 

4 

6 

20 

6 

11 

Other income (expense), net 

(24,993) 
 
 (839) 
 
 (157) 
 
 (178) 
 
 131 

16 

59 

(4) 

Total other income (expense), net 

(25,096) 
 
 (833) 
 
 (151) 
 
 (174) 
 
 137 

36 

65 

7 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

(25,527) 
 
 (1,228) 
 
 (1,992) 
 
 (1,225) 
 
 1,134 

451 

56 

(3,400) 

Provision for income taxes 

24 

6 

12 

1 

11 

6 

2 

Net income (loss) 

(25,551) 
 
 (1,234) 
 
 (2,004) 
 
 (1,226) 
 
 1,123 

445 

54 

(3,400) 

Accretion on redeemable convertible preferred stock 

(1,565) 
 
 (3,054) 
 
 (4,041) 
 
 (4,118) 
 
 (3,704) 
 
 (3,336) 
 
 (3,004) 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

(25,551) 
 
 (2,799) 
 
 (5,058) 
 
 (5,267) 
 
 (2,995) 
 
 (3,259) 
 
 (3,282) 
 
 (6,404) 

Net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted 

(1.19) 
 
 (0.49) 
 
 (0.89) 
 
 (0.93) 
 
 (0.54) 
 
 (0.59) 
 
 (0.59) 
 
 (1.15) 

Shares used in computing net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted 

21,519,116 

5,750,979 

5,663,213 

5,633,192 

5,583,451 

5,569,898 

5,568,804 

5,546,560 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 Prior to our initial public offering in November 2011, we substantially satisfied our capital and liquidity needs through private
placements of redeemable convertible preferred stock and, to a lesser extent, cash flow from operations. As of December 31, 2011, we had 81.0 million of cash and cash equivalents and
 74.7 million of net working capital. During the year ended December 31, 2011, we closed a private placement of our Series E redeemable convertible preferred stock for
 24.9 million in net proceeds and completed our initial public offering which provided us with aggregate net proceeds of 49.2 million. In connection with the consummation of our initial
public offering in November 2011, we also received 6.4 million in proceeds from the exercise of common stock warrants. As of December 31, 2011, we had debt outstanding of
 27.3 million as a result of the completion of the Symyx asset purchase transaction. 

 73 

Table of Contents 

 To date, we have incurred significant losses. During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, we incurred net losses of 30.0 million,
 1.8 million and 5.3 million. As of December 31, 2011, our accumulated deficit was 100.5 million. 

We
believe that we have the financial resources needed to meet business requirements for the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including
our rate of revenue growth, our expansion of our sales and marketing activities and overhead expenses, the timing and extent of our spending to support our R D efforts and our ability to expand CDPs
in the semiconductor industry, whether we are successful in obtaining payments from customers, the financial stability of our customers, whether we can enter into additional collaborations in our
target industries, the progress and scope of collaborative R D projects performed by us and our customers, the effect of any acquisitions of other businesses or technologies that we may make in the
future, the filing, prosecution and enforcement of patent claims, how much we need to develop or enhance our solutions or HPC platform and any necessary responses to competitive pressures. To the
extent that existing cash and cash equivalents and cash from operations are insufficient to fund our operations, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt
financing. We may also seek to invest in or acquire complementary businesses, applications or technologies, any of which could also require us to seek additional equity or debt financing. Additional
funds may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all. We maintain almost all of our cash in the United States and therefore are not subject to restrictions or tax obligations as we access the
cash. 

 During
February 2012, one of our significant customers, Elpida, filed for protection under the Corporate Reorganization Act in Japan. Our revenue from Elpida may decline as a result. For
example, as part of any restructuring under this Act, our CDP services may be reduced or even eliminated, and Elpida may either voluntarily or involuntarily reduce or eliminate payments owed to us or
shipments of products that include our licensed technology. The use of our technology in their current product shipments generates a license fee for us, and may include a royalty when additional
developed technology is incorporated in future Elpida products. Any adjustment in the amount of CDP services fees, license fees or royalties that Elpida would owe us pursuant to our agreement with
them could be reduced or eliminated as a result of changes in their shipments and product development. If any of these were to occur our revenue would decline, and our financial condition and results
of operations would be materially and adversely affected. During the year ended December 31, 2011 we recognized 9.9 million in revenue from Elpida and as of December 31, 2011 had
outstanding accounts receivable in the amount of 0.2 million and backlog in the amount of 17.8 million, of which 8.8 million is to be recognized during 2012 with the balance to
be recognized in periods beyond 2012. 

Cash Flows 

 The following summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated has been derived from our consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this filing: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

(in thousands) 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(8,156) 
 
 1,175 

1,088 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(13,468) 
 
 924 

(16,708) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

79,562 

109 

(4,426) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

 We experienced negative cash flows from operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2011, and experienced positive
cash flows from operating activities during each of the years ended 

 74 

Table of Contents 

 December 31,
2010 and 2009, which included the receipt of advance payments from CDPs, product sales and licensing and royalty fees. 

 Net
cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2011 of 8.2 million was primarily attributable to our net loss of 30.0 million and
non-cash charges of 24.5 million due to our derivative liability as a result of the consummation of the Symyx asset purchase transaction, 7.1 million of depreciation and
amortization, and 2.4 million in stock-based compensation. The net decline in cash flow from our operating assets and liabilities of 13.1 million was primarily as a result of an
 8.3 million reduction in deferred revenue related to timing of customer prepayments, 2.7 million in prepaid and other assets, and 7.0 million in accounts receivable, offset by
an increase in accrued and other liabilities of 5.4 million. The decline in deferred revenue is primarily related to the earn out of customer prepayments for licensing and royalty related
revenues. During 2008, we received a customer prepayment for minimum royalties to be earned during the years 2009 through 2012 in the amount of 10 million. As of December 31, 2011,
 2.5 million remained in deferred revenue that will be recognized as revenue during 2012 and then starting in 2013 all royalty revenues from this customer will be based on volume. In the event
2012 volume exceeds the minimum royalty amount, we will recognize revenue and be paid additional royalties in excess of prepaid minimum royalties. 

 As
of December 31, 2011 we had 11.9 million in deferred revenue for which we have already received payment, of which 11.2 million will be recognized in revenue
during 2012 and 0.7 million will be recognized as revenue during 2013. 

 Net
cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2010 of 1.2 million reflects the net loss of 1.8 million and non-cash
charges of 5.0 million for depreciation and amortization and 1.4 million for stock-based compensation. The net change in our operating assets and liabilities of (3.4) million was
primarily a result of a 0.8 million increase in inventory, a 2.9 million increase in accounts receivable and a 4.5 million decrease in deferred revenue which were partially
offset by a 3.3 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

 Net
cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2009 of 1.1 million reflects the net loss of 5.3 million and non-cash
charges of 4.4 million for depreciation and amortization and 1.1 million for stock-based compensation. The net change in our operating assets and liabilities of 0.8 million was
primarily the result of a 0.5 million decrease in deferred revenue which was partially offset by 1.6 million in our prepaid expenses and other assets, inventory and accounts receivable
balances. 

 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

 Our investing activities consist primarily of purchases and sales of short-term investments, capital expenditures to
purchase property and equipment and our investments in intangible assets relating to our patents and trademarks. In the future, we expect we will continue to make significant capital expenditures to
support our expanding operations and incur costs to protect our investment in our developed technology and IP. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2011, cash used in investing activities was 13.5 million as a result of 12.8 million in capital expenditures and
 0.8 million in capitalized patent and trademark costs, offset by a 0.2 million decrease in restricted cash. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2010, cash provided by investing activities of 0.9 million was primarily attributable to the 11.8 million in net proceeds
received from the sale of our investments which were partially offset by 10.5 million of capital expenditures and 0.3 million in capitalized intangible asset costs. These capital
expenditures were incurred as a result of us relocating our operations during the year ended December 31, 2010 to a new facility to support our expanding operations, as well as to prepare for
new business programs requiring additional equipment. 

 75 

Table of Contents 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2009, cash used in investing activities of 16.7 million was due to 11.8 million for the purchase of investments,
 4.8 million in capital expenditures relating to the acquisition of lab equipment and machinery and 0.1 million in capitalized intangible asset costs. 

 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

 To date, we have financed our operations primarily with proceeds from the sale of our redeemable convertible preferred stock and
proceeds received from our initial public offering. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2011, cash provided by financing activities was 79.6 million, primarily as a result of the receipt of 49.2 million in net
proceeds from our initial public offering in November 2011 and 24.9 million in net proceeds from the sale of our Series E redeemable convertible preferred stock in March and June 2011.
In addition, we received 6.4 million in proceeds from the exercise of common stock warrants and 0.5 million in proceeds from the exercise of common stock options. Funds received from
financing activities were offset by a onetime payment of selling stockholder offering costs of 1.4 million in connection with obligations under the Symyx asset purchase transaction. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2010, cash provided by financing activities was 0.1 million which consisted of proceeds received from the exercise of stock options. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2009, cash used in financing activities was 4.4 million, primarily as a result of us paying off our outstanding loan balances under our
amended loan and security agreement. 

 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

The following summarizes our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2011: 

Payments Due by Period 

Total 
 
 Less Than 
One Year 
 
 1 - 3 Years 
 
 3 - 5 Years 
 
 More Than 
5 Years 

(in thousands) 

Operating lease obligations 

5,665 

1,573 

4,092 

Note payable 

27,318 

804 

26,514 

Contractual interest payments on note payable 

2,132 

1,196 

936 

Purchase obligations(1) 

2,232 

2,232 

Total 

37,347 

5,805 

31,542 

(1) Purchase
obligations consist of firm non-cancelable agreements to purchase property and equipment and inventory related items. 

Operating
lease agreements represent our obligations to make payments under our non-cancelable lease agreements for our facility in San Jose, California. During the year
ended December 31, 2011, we made regular lease payments of 1.6 million under the operating lease agreements. 

 In
connection with the consummation of the Symyx asset purchase transaction, which occurred in connection with the consummation of our initial public offering, we issued a promissory
note payable to Symyx. The note has a principal amount equal to 27.3 million and a term of 24 months and an interest rate of 4 and is payable in amounts equal to the greater of
 500,000 per quarter or the amount of accrued interest, with a balloon payment at maturity, if applicable. See Part I, Item 1: "Business Symyx Asset Purchase" for further details about
this transaction. 

 76 

Table of Contents 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 As of December 31, 2011, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as
entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other
contractually narrow or limited purposes. 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 See Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K for recent accounting
pronouncements that could have an effect on us. 

 77 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our
financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily a result of fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We
do not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. 

 Interest Rate Sensitivity 

 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment portfolio and our outstanding debt
obligations. Our cash, cash equivalents and investment accounts as of December 31, 2011 total 81.0 million, consisting primarily of cash, money market funds and certificates of deposit
with maturities of less than three months from the date of purchase. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of the
interest rates in the United States. However, because of the short-term nature of the instruments in our portfolio, a sudden change in market interest rates would not be expected to have a
material impact on our consolidated financial condition or our results of operation. 

 In
connection with the consummation of the Symyx asset purchase transaction, which occurred in connection with the completion of our initial public offering, we issued a promissory note
payable to Symyx. The note has a principal amount equal to 27.3 million and a term of 24 months and a fixed interest rate of 4 and is payable in amounts equal to the greater of
 500,000 per quarter or the amount of accrued interest, with a balloon payment at maturity, if applicable. The interest rate on our debt is fixed, however, in the event we enter into other
long-term debt arrangements, we could be subject to fluctuations in interest rates which could have a material impact on our future financial condition and results of operation. 

 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 

 As we expand internationally, our consolidated results of operations and cash flows will become increasingly subject to fluctuations
due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which our operations are located, which is
primarily in the United States, with an insignificant portion of expenses incurred in our wholly-owned subsidiaries in Hong Kong and Japan and our wholly-owned branch in Taiwan in their local
currencies. The effect of a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchanges rates applicable to our business would not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. To date,
we have not entered into any material foreign currency hedging contracts although we may do so in the future. 

 78 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

80 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

81 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

82 

Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

83 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

84 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

85 

79 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 The
Board of Directors 
Intermolecular, Inc.: 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Intermolecular, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, redeemable convertible preferred stock and of stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December 31, 2011. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. 

 We
conducted our audits in accordance with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Intermolecular, Inc. and subsidiaries
as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2011, in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

 /s/
KPMG LLP 

 Santa
Clara, California 
March 15, 2012 

 80 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 
2011 
 
 December 31, 
2010 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

81,002 

23,064 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of zero as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 

10,227 

3,296 

Accounts receivable, due from related parties 

935 

836 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

1,763 

1,868 

Total current assets 

93,927 

29,064 

Inventory 

2,532 

2,189 

Property and equipment, net 

25,128 

21,728 

Intangible assets, net 

6,067 

2,238 

Other assets 

160 

352 

Total assets 

127,814 

55,571 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

1,079 

2,806 

Accrued payable, due to related parties 

795 

Accrued liabilities 

3,759 

2,720 

Accrued compensation and employee benefits 

2,452 

2,243 

Deferred revenue, current portion 

1,575 

5,233 

Related party deferred revenue, current portion 

9,593 

10,227 

Preferred stock warrant liability 

215 

Note payable, current portion 

804 

Total current liabilities 

19,262 

24,239 

Deferred revenue, net of current portion 

1,470 

Related party deferred revenue, net of current portion 

716 

3,216 

Deferred rent, net of current portion 

1,004 

808 

Note payable, net of current portion 

26,514 

Other long-term liabilities 

145 

135 

Total liabilities 

47,641 

29,868 

Commitments and contingencies (note 5) 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share 5,000,000 and 56,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31,
2011 and 2010, respectively; 0 and 52,443,325 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively; liquidation preference of 0 and 55,975 as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively 

55,633 

Accumulated accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to redemption values 

34,426 

Total redeemable convertible preferred stock 

90,059 

Stockholders' equity (deficit): 

Common stock, par value 0.001 per share 200,000,000 and 105,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively;
42,218,906 and 5,619,716 shares issued and outstanding 

42 

6 

Additional paid-in capital 

180,680 

Accumulated deficit 

(100,549) 
 
 (64,362) 

Total stockholders' equity (deficit) 

80,173 

(64,356) 

Total liabilities, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders' equity (deficit) 

127,814 

55,571 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 81 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Operations (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

Revenue: 

Collaborative development program and services revenue 

36,733 

27,705 

14,182 

Product revenue 

2,717 

6,959 

9,065 

Licensing and royalty revenue 

14,380 

8,010 

3,663 

Total revenue 

53,830 

42,674 

26,910 

Cost of revenue: 

Cost of collaborative development program and services revenue 

23,761 

16,855 

8,849 

Cost of product revenue 

953 

3,665 

3,972 

Cost of licensing and royalty revenue 

755 

406 

197 

Total cost of revenue 

25,469 

20,926 

13,018 

Gross profit 

28,361 

21,748 

13,892 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

19,260 

13,917 

10,983 

Sales and marketing 

4,285 

4,074 

3,211 

General and administrative 

8,534 

5,761 

4,867 

Total operating expenses 

32,079 

23,752 

19,061 

Loss from operations 

(3,718) 
 
 (2,004) 
 
 (5,169) 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income (expense), net 

(87) 
 
 43 

(6) 

Other income (expense), net 

(26,167) 
 
 202 

(62) 

Total other income (expense), net 

(26,254) 
 
 245 

(68) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

(29,972) 

(1,759) 

(5,237) 

Provision for income taxes 

43 

19 

17 

Net loss 

(30,015) 
 
 (1,778) 
 
 (5,254) 

Accretion on redeemable convertible preferred stock 

(8,660) 
 
 (14,162) 
 
 (9,170) 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

(38,675) 
 
 (15,940) 
 
 (14,424) 

Net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted 

(3.99) 
 
 (2.86) 
 
 (2.62) 

Weighted-average number of shares used in computing net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted 

9,698,880 

5,567,286 

5,511,889 

Related Party Transactions 

 The
Consolidated Statements of Operations shown above include the following related party transactions: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

Revenue: 

Collaborative development program and services revenue 

11,294 

13,382 

3,263 

Product revenue 

11 

6,047 

9,065 

Licensing and royalty revenue 

9,688 

6,584 

3,663 

Total revenue 

20,993 

26,013 

15,991 

Cost of Revenue: 

Cost of collaborative development program and services revenue 

1,075 

1,250 

597 

Cost of product revenue 

119 

322 

429 

Cost of licensing and royalty revenue 

635 

406 

197 

Total cost of revenue 

1,829 

1,978 

1,223 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 82 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

 (In thousands, except share data) 

Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Redeemable Convertible 
Preferred Stock 

Common stock 

Additional 
paid-in capital 
 
 Accumulated 
deficit 
 
 Total 
stockholders' 
equity (deficit) 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 

Balances as of December 31, 2008 

52,443,325 

66,740 

5,503,376 

6 

(36,585) 
 
 (36,579) 

Issuance of common stock from option exercises 

29,425 

33 

33 

Issuance cost increase of Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock increase to 103 

(13) 

Stock-based compensation 

1,081 

1,081 

Accretion of preferred stock to redemption amount 

9,170 

(1,114) 
 
 (8,056) 
 
 (9,170) 

Net loss 

(5,254) 
 
 (5,254) 

Balances as of December 31, 2009 

52,443,325 

75,897 

5,532,801 

6 

(49,895) 
 
 (49,889) 

Issuance of common stock from option exercises 

86,915 

109 

109 

Stock-based compensation 

1,364 

1,364 

Accretion of preferred stock to redemption amount 

14,162 

(1,473) 
 
 (12,689) 
 
 (14,162) 

Net loss 

(1,778) 
 
 (1,778) 

Balances as of December 31, 2010 

52,443,325 

90,059 

5,619,716 

6 

(64,362) 
 
 (64,356) 

Issuance of Series E redeemable convertible preferred stock (net of issuance costs of 118) 

6,018,122 

24,882 

Conversion of preferred stock into common stock at a conversion rate of 1-for-2 

(58,461,447) 
 
 (123,601) 
 
 29,230,708 

29 

123,572 

123,601 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of expenses 

5,681,796 

6 

49,211 

49,217 

Reclassification of preferred stock warrant liability to APIC upon IPO 

769 

769 

Issuance of common stock from option exercises 

368,194 

446 

446 

Stock-based compensation 

2,413 

2,413 

Issuance of common stock warrants 

341 

341 

Exercise of warrants 

1,313,492 

1 

6,375 

6,376 

Non cash issuance of common stock for services 

5,000 

41 

41 

Accretion of preferred stock to redemption amount 

8,660 

(2,488) 
 
 (6,172) 
 
 (8,660) 

Net loss 

(30,015) 
 
 (30,015) 

Balances as of December 31, 2011 

42,218,906 

42 

180,680 

(100,549) 
 
 80,173 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 83 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

(30,015) 

(1,778) 

(5,254) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

7,079 

4,971 

4,380 

Stock-based compensation 

2,442 

1,364 

1,081 

Revaluation of preferred stock warrant liability 

554 

56 

42 

Revaluation of derivative liability 

24,476 

Common stock warrant charge (contra revenue) 

312 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

65 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

(2,677) 
 
 1,523 

279 

Inventory 

(343) 
 
 (810) 
 
 778 

Accounts receivable 

(7,030) 
 
 (2,943) 
 
 567 

Accounts payable 

(203) 
 
 1,000 

(561) 

Accrued and other liabilities 

5,446 

2,274 

293 

Deferred revenue 

(5,128) 
 
 4,827 

476 

Related party deferred revenue 

(3,134) 
 
 (9,309) 
 
 (993) 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(8,156) 
 
 1,175 

1,088 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of short-term investments 

(750) 

(11,764) 

Redemption of short-term investments 

750 

11,764 

Purchase of property and equipment 

(12,806) 
 
 (10,517) 
 
 (4,810) 

Purchased and capitalized intangible assets 

(835) 
 
 (323) 
 
 (134) 

Decrease in restricted cash 

173 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(13,468) 
 
 924 

(16,708) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payment of long-term debt 

(4,446) 

Payment of selling stockholder offering costs 

(1,389) 

Proceeds from exercise of common stock options 

476 

109 

33 

Proceeds from exercise of common stock warrants 

6,376 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of expenses 

49,217 

Proceeds from issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs 

24,882 

(13) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

79,562 

109 

(4,426) 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

57,938 

2,208 

(20,046) 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

23,064 

20,856 

40,902 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

81,002 

23,064 

20,856 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

113 

Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds received 

20 

(73) 
 
 279 

Noncash investing and financing activities 

Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock 

8,660 

14,162 

9,170 

Contract intangible obtained under a derivative liability 

2,842 

Issuance of debt in connection with derivative liability 

27,318 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 84 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 Business 

 Intermolecular, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) is headquartered in San Jose, California and has wholly-owned subsidiaries
in Hong Kong and Japan and a wholly-owned branch in Taiwan. 

 The
Company develops and applies high productivity combinatorial research and development technologies to accelerate research and development, innovation and time to market for the
semiconductor and clean-energy industries. The Company creates high productivity combinational systems and methods, which allow the Company to perform collaborative research and development services,
sell high productivity combinatorial systems, and license intellectual property to customers. 

 The
Company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going-concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and
commitments in the normal
course of business. Since inception, the Company has incurred net losses and has accumulated a deficit of 100.5 million and 64.4 million as of December 31, 2011 and 2010,
respectively. 

 Basis of Presentation 

 The Company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America (GAAP) and include the accounts of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated during consolidation. Certain
prior-year balances have been reclassified to conform to current financial statement presentation. 

 Initial Public Offering 

 On November 23, 2011, the Company completed an initial public offering of its common stock in which the Company sold and issued
5,681,796 shares of its common stock and a selling stockholder sold 3,968,204 shares of the Company's common stock, in each case at a public offering price of 10.00 per share. The Company raised a
total of 56.8 million in gross proceeds from the initial public offering, or approximately 49.2 million in net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of
 4.0 million and other offering costs of approximately 3.6 million. 

 Stock Split 

 On October 26, 2011, the board of directors approved an amended and restated certificate of incorporation that was filed on
November 15, 2011, which effected a 1-for-2 reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. The par value of the common stock was not adjusted
as a result of the reverse stock split. All issued and outstanding shares of common stock, warrants for common stock, and per share amounts contained in the Company's financial statements have been
retroactively adjusted to reflect this reverse stock split for all periods presented. 

 On
November 21, 2011, in connection with the Company's initial public offering, all outstanding redeemable convertible preferred stock were automatically converted to shares of
common stock at a conversion rate of 1-for-2 and the Company filed an amended and restated certificate of incorporation on November 23, 2011 effecting the conversion. 

 85 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 1. The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Use of Estimates 

 The preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions about future events. These estimates and the underlying assumptions affect the amounts of assets and liabilities reported, disclosures about contingent assets and liabilities, and reported
amounts of revenue and expenses. Such estimates include the valuations of accounts receivable, inventories, intangible assets, debt, capital stock and warrants and assumptions used in the calculation
of income taxes and stock-based compensation, among others. These estimates and assumptions are based on management's best estimates and judgment. Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on
an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors and adjusts such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined
with precision, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates. 

 Concentration of Credit Risk 

 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents and
short-term investments. The Company's cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments consist of demand deposits, money market accounts and certificates of deposit maintained
with high quality financial institutions. 

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The
Company's cash equivalents are comprised of money market funds and are maintained with high quality financial institutions. 

 Restricted Cash 

 In connection with a lease transaction, the Company has restricted cash pledged as collateral representing a security deposit required
by the lease agreement for its headquarters. Restricted cash as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 was 0 and 173,000, respectively. 

 Inventory 

 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market value, with cost determined on an average cost basis. Inventories consist only of
raw materials. Inventories in excess of salable amounts and spare parts inventories that are considered obsolete are recorded as a cost in the period in which they occur. The Company did not
experience any significant inventory impairments during the three-year-period ended December 31, 2011. 

Property and Equipment 

 Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation of equipment is recognized on a
straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the equipment, generally ranging from three to five years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or
the estimated useful life of the assets. Maintenance and repairs that do not extend the life of or improve an asset are expensed in the period incurred. 

 86 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 1. The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Intangible Assets 

 Intangible assets consist of issued and pending patents and trademarks as a result of third-party legal fees incurred in the patent and
trademark application processes and patents acquired in connection with the Symyx asset purchase transaction disclosed in note 5. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized on a
straight-line basis over their useful lives, while intangible assets without finite lives are not amortized. Upon the issuance of pending patent and trademark applications, the period of
benefit will be determined. Patents, upon issuance, have a maximum life of 20 years from their application filing date. Trademarks, upon issuance, have an indefinite life and will not be
amortized. 

 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

 The Company evaluates its long-lived assets, which consist of property and equipment and intangible assets, for indicators
of possible impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Impairment exists if the carrying amounts of such assets exceed the
estimates of future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by such assets. Should impairment exist, the impairment loss would be measured based on the excess carrying value of the asset
over the estimated fair value of the asset. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company has not recorded an impairment on any of its long-lived assets. 

Revenue Recognition 

 The Company derives its revenue from three principal sources: collaborative development programs and other services; product sales; and
technology licensing and royalty fees. Revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria are met: 

Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; 
 Delivery has occurred; 
 The vendor's fee is fixed or determinable; and 
 Collectability of the fee is probable. 

Persuasive
evidence of the arrangement represents a written contract signed by both the Company and the customer, or a customer purchase order. The Company assesses whether a price is
fixed or determinable by, among other things, reviewing contractual terms and conditions related to payment terms. The Company assesses collectability based on factors such as the customer's
creditworthiness and past collection history, if applicable. If collection is not probable, revenue recognition is deferred until receipt of payment. 

Collaborative development programs and other services The Company enters into collaborative development programs and other research and development
service agreements with customers under which the Company conducts research and development activities jointly with the customer. The agreements specify minimum levels of research effort required to
be performed by the Company. Payments received under the agreements are not refundable if the research effort is not successful. The Company retains rights to certain elements of technology developed
in the course of its performance, which the customer has an option to license in the future under the terms defined in the agreement. Most arrangements with customers have fixed monthly fees and
requirements to provide regular 

 87 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

1. The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 reporting
of research and development activities performed and revenue is recognized in a manner consistent with the fixed monthly fee. Payments received prior to performance are deferred and
recognized as revenue when earned over future performance periods. 

 The
Company considers arrangements that include specifically identified, dedicated equipment to contain a lease provision, as these arrangements convey the right to the customer to use
specific equipment and provide the ability to the customer to direct the use of the equipment as well as control
more than a minor amount of the output of the equipment. To date the Company has determined these arrangements to contain operating leases, with a lease term that corresponds to the term of the CDP
arrangement. The amount of revenue allocated for the lease element is based on its relative fair value, but the impact of the allocation does not change the amount of revenue recognized for the total
arrangement as the lease term is consistent with the CDP term. 

 Future
minimum operating lease payments associated with CDP arrangements that contain operating leases were 11.3 million and 5.2 million as of December 31, 2011
and 2010, respectively. 

 Product maintenance and support services Included in collaborative development programs and other services revenue, these services entitle customers
to receive product updates and enhancements or technical support and maintenance, depending on the offering. The related revenue is recognized ratably over the period the services are delivered. 

 Product revenue The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of products once delivery has occurred (title and risk of loss have passed to the
customer), and customer acceptance, if required, has been achieved. The Company has determined that the software included with its equipment products is more than incidental to the product as a whole. 

 Licensing and royalty revenue The Company recognizes revenue for licenses to intellectual property when earned pursuant to the terms of the
agreements. Time-based license revenue is recognized ratably over the license term. Licensing and royalty revenue that becomes triggered by specific customer actions, such as exercise of a
license option or by sales volume, is recognized when it occurs based on royalty reports or other information received from the licensee. Minimum and prepaid royalties and license fees are recognized
ratably over the related periods. 

 Multiple-element arrangements Certain of the Company's customer arrangements involve the delivery or performance of multiple products, services or
licenses. Product sale arrangements include product maintenance and support. Collaborative development programs and other research and development services include licenses of technology and may also
include sales of products. 

 The
Company evaluates whether a delivered element has value to the customer without the remaining undelivered elements by determining whether the delivered element could be sold by the
Company, or resold by the customer, on a stand- alone basis. The Company concluded that all of its products and
services deliverables have value to the customers on a stand-alone basis, as all these deliverables have been or could be sold and used by customers on a stand-alone basis. Intellectual property
license arrangements have value on a stand-alone basis if the customer could purchase and use them without the remaining elements of the arrangement. For transactions entered into prior to January 1,
2011, the Company assesses whether there is objective and reliable evidence of fair values of all undelivered elements. Fair values of such elements are determined by reference to the Company-specific
objective evidence, such as pricing of these elements when sold separately, substantive renewal 

 88 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 1. The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 prices
for product maintenance and support and time-based licenses, or other available evidence. If the fair value of any undelivered elements in a multiple-element arrangement cannot be
objectively determined, revenue is deferred until all elements are delivered, or until fair value can objectively be determined for any remaining undelivered elements. However, in situations where the
undelivered elements are software-related hardware elements, the Company will recognize revenue under a proportional performance model when fair value for the hardware elements is not available, if
the undelivered hardware elements are substantially similar products. If product maintenance and support and time-based licenses are the only undelivered elements without objective and
reliable evidence of fair value, all revenue from the arrangement is amortized over the longer of the product maintenance and support term or license period. For purposes of classification in the
consolidated statements of operations, revenue is allocated between collaborative development programs and services revenue, product revenue and licensing and royalty revenue based on objective and
reliable evidence of fair value for any elements for which it exists or based on the relative stated invoice amount for elements for which objective and reliable evidence of fair value does not exist. 

In
2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2009-13 Revenue Recognition (Topic 605): Multiple-Deliverable Revenue
Arrangements a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force (ASU 2009-13) and ASU 2009-14 Software (Topic 985):
Certain Revenue Arrangements That Include Software Elements a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force (ASU 2009-14). ASU 2009-13
and 14 are amendments to the accounting standards for revenue recognition to remove tangible products containing software components and nonsoftware components that function together to deliver the
product's essential functionality from the scope of industry- specific software revenue recognition guidance, and also: 

provide updated guidance on whether multiple deliverables exist, how the deliverables in an arrangement should be
separated, and how the consideration should be allocated; 
 require an entity to allocate revenue in an arrangement using estimated selling prices (ESP) of deliverables if the
Company does not have vendor- specific objective evidence of selling price (VSOE) or third-party evidence of selling price (TPE); and 
 eliminate the use of the residual method and require an entity to allocate revenue using the relative selling price
method. 

For
all transactions entered into after December 31, 2010, the Company recognizes revenue using estimated selling prices of the delivered goods and services based on a hierarchy
of methods contained in ASU 2009-13. The Company uses VSOE for determination of estimated selling price of elements in each arrangement if available, and since third-party evidence is not
available for those elements where vendor-specific objective evidence of selling price cannot be determined, the Company evaluates factors to determine its ESP for all other elements. In
multiple-element arrangements where hardware and software are sold as part of the solution, revenue is allocated to the hardware and software as a group using the relative selling prices of each of
the deliverables in the arrangement based upon the aforementioned selling price hierarchy. 

 The
adoption of ASU 2009-13 and 14 did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial condition, operating revenue, results of operations or cash flows
for the year ended December 31, 2011 as there were no multiple-element arrangements that included the sale of products originating during the period. The adoption of this standard may impact
future revenue 

 89 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

1. The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 recognition
for multiple-element product arrangements where product maintenance and support and time-based licenses are the only undelivered elements. The impact of adopting these
provisions will result in more product revenue being recognized in earlier periods as the Company allocates revenue using the relative selling price method as opposed to recognizing all revenue from
the arrangement ratably over the longer of the product maintenance and support term or license period. 

 Deferred Revenue 

 Deferred revenue represents amounts collected from customers for which the related revenue has not been recognized, because one or more
of the revenue recognition criteria have not been met. The current portion of deferred revenue represents the amount that is expected to be recognized as revenue within one year from the balance sheet
date. 

 Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

 Trade accounts receivable are recorded at invoiced amounts, which include unbilled contractually obligated amounts, net of allowances
for doubtful accounts if applicable, and do not bear interest. 

 The
allowance for doubtful accounts is based on the Company's assessment of the collectability of its customer accounts. The Company reviews the allowance by considering certain factors
such as historical experience, industry data, credit quality, age of balances and current economic conditions that may affect a customers' ability to pay. The Company determined that an allowance for
doubtful accounts was not required as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 and did not recognize any charges to bad debt during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. 

 90 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 1. The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Concentration of Revenue and Accounts Receivable 

 Significant customers are those that represent more than 10 of the Company's total revenue or accounts receivable. For each
significant customer, including related parties, revenue as a percentage of total revenue and accounts receivable as a percentage of total accounts receivable are as follows: 

Revenue 
 
 Accounts 
Receivable 

Years Ended 
December 31, 
 
 As of 
December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 

Customer A 

29 

52 

59 

11 

Customer B 

20 

Customer C 

12 

Customer D(1) 

18 

20 

29 

Customer E 

11 

Customer F 

19 

Customer G 

17 

78 

24 

less
than 10 
 (1) In
February 2012, Customer D filed for protection under the Corporate Reorganization Act in Japan. As part of any restructuring under this law Customer D
may either voluntarily or involuntarily reduce or eliminate payments owed to the Company or shipments of products that include the Company's technology, which would lead to a reduction in revenue from
Customer D. During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 the Company recognized 9.9 million, 8.6 million and 7.9 million in revenue from Customer D. 

Cost of Revenue 

 Cost of revenue is primarily comprised of salaries and other personnel-related expenses for collaborative research and development
scientists, engineers and development fab process operations employees. Additionally, cost of revenue includes wafers, targets, materials, program-related supplies, depreciation on equipment used in
collaborative development programs and allocated facility-related costs. Product cost of revenue primarily includes cost of products sold. Cost of licensing and royalty includes related party license
fees paid to Symyx. As a result of the Symyx asset purchase transaction the amortization of acquired patents is being recorded in cost of revenue. 

 Research and Development 

 Research and development expenses, including direct and allocated expenses, are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs
include salaries of technical staff, consultant costs, research and development parts and prototypes, wafers, chemicals, research and development supply costs, facilities rental, utilities costs
related to laboratories and offices occupied by technical staff, depreciation on equipment used by technical staff, and outside services, such as machining and third-party research and development
costs. 

 91 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 1. The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 Software Development Costs 

 The costs to develop software have not been capitalized as the technological feasibility of the related software is not established
until substantially all product development is complete. 

 Income Taxes 

 Income taxes have been accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on
the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities as measured by the enacted tax rates that will be in effect when these differences reverse. Accordingly,
realization of any deferred tax assets is dependent on future taxable income against which these deductions, losses and credits can be utilized. 

 The
Company assesses the likelihood that the deferred tax assets will be recovered and establishes a valuation allowance to the extent the Company believes that it is more likely than
not that all or some portion of the asset will not be realized due to the inability to generate sufficient taxable income in the period and/or of the character necessary to utilize the benefit of the
deferred tax asset. The Company recorded a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2011 and 2010. Based on the available evidence, the Company believed it
was more likely than not that it would not be able to utilize its deferred tax assets in the future. The Company intends to maintain a full valuation allowance until and if sufficient evidence exists
to support all or a portion of its reversal. 

 The
Company regularly reviews its tax positions for benefits to be realized. A tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination. The amount recognized is
measured as the largest amount of benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. The Company's policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters as
income tax expense. As of December 31, 2011, the Company has not recognized any interest or penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits. 

 Share-Based Compensation 

 Compensation costs related to employee stock options grants are based on the fair value of the options on the date of grant, net of
estimated forfeitures. The Company determines the grant date fair value of the options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the related stock-based compensation expense is generally
recognized on a straight-line basis over the period in which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the options, or the vesting period of the respective options. 

 The
Company accounts for stock options issued to nonemployees based on the fair value of the options determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of stock
options granted to nonemployees is remeasured each reporting period as the stock options vest and the resulting change
in value, if any, is recognized in the Company's consolidated statements of operations during the period the related services are rendered. 

Comprehensive Loss 

 Comprehensive loss consists of the same components as net loss and therefore the Company does not separately disclose a statement of
comprehensive loss. 

 92 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 1. The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 Employee Savings Plan 

 The Company has a savings plan in the United States that qualifies under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code.
Participating employees may contribute up to the statutory limits. The Company has not made employer contributions to the plan to date. 

Segment Information 

 The Company operates in one reportable segment. The Company's chief operating decision-maker, its chief executive officer, reviews its
operating results on an aggregate basis and manages its operations as a single operating segment. 

 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

 The Company measures and reports its cash equivalents and preferred stock warrant liabilities at fair value. Fair value is defined as
the exchange price that would be received for an asset or an exit price paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The fair
value hierarchy defines a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements as follows: 

Level I Unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 

 Level II Inputs
other than quoted prices included within Level I that are observable, unadjusted quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are
observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the related assets or liabilities; and 

 Level III Unobservable
inputs that are supported by little or no market activity for the related assets or liabilities. 

The
categorization of a financial instrument within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

 The
Company's financial instruments consist of Level I assets and Level III liabilities. Level I securities include highly liquid money market funds and certificates
of deposit. The Company does not hold any Level II instruments. Level III liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis during 2011 and 2010 consisted of preferred
stock warrant liabilities. The fair values of the outstanding preferred stock warrants were measured using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Inputs used to determine estimated fair value include
the estimated fair value of the underlying stock at the valuation measurement date, the remaining contractual term of the warrants, risk-free interest rates, expected dividends and the
expected volatility of the underlying stock. In connection with the Company's initial public offering in November 2011, outstanding preferred stock warrants were converted to common stock warrants and
subsequently exercised. 

 Foreign Currency 

 The functional currency of foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar and foreign currency transaction gains and losses are recorded in
other income (expense), net. 

 93 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 1. The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 Net Loss per Share of Common Stock 

 The Company's basic net loss per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding for the period. The diluted net loss per share of common stock is computed by giving effect to all potential common stock equivalents outstanding for the period determined
using the if-converted method for convertible securities and the treasury stock method for all other common stock equivalents. For purposes of this calculation, redeemable convertible
preferred stock, options to purchase common stock, common stock subject to repurchase, warrants to purchase redeemable convertible preferred stock and warrants to purchase common stock are considered
to be common stock equivalents but have been excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share of common stock as their effect is antidilutive. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 In January 2010, the FASB issued an amendment to an accounting standard that requires new disclosures for fair value measurements and
provides clarification for existing fair value disclosure requirements. The amendment will require an entity to disclose separately the amounts of significant transfers in and out of Levels I
and II fair value measurements and to describe the reasons for the transfers; and to disclose information about purchases, sales, issuances and settlements separately in the reconciliation for fair
value measurements using significant unobservable inputs, or Level III inputs. This amendment clarifies existing disclosure requirements for the level of disaggregation used for classes of
assets and liabilities measured at fair value and requires disclosures about the valuation techniques and inputs used to measure fair value for both recurring and nonrecurring fair value measurements
using Level II and Level III inputs. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2009, except for certain Level III
activity disclosure requirements that will be effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2010. Accordingly, the Company adopted this amendment as of January 1, 2010 and
adopted the additional Level III requirements as of January 1, 2011. The Company did not hold any Level II investments during any of the years presented and has disclosed in
note 7 the underlying inputs used to value its Level III preferred stock warrant liability. 

 94 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 2. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Company measures and reports its cash equivalents and preferred stock warrant liability at fair value. The following tables set forth the fair value of the Company's financial assets
and liabilities by level within the fair value hierarchy (in thousands): 

As of December 31, 2011 

Fair Value 
 
 Level I 
 
 Level II 
 
 Level III 

Assets: 

Money market funds 

75,660 

75,660 

Certificates of deposit 

100 

100 

Total assets measured at fair value 

75,760 

75,760 

As of December 31, 2010 

Fair Value 
 
 Level I 
 
 Level II 
 
 Level III 

Assets: 

Money market funds 

20,659 

20,659 

Total assets measured at fair value 

20,659 

20,659 

Liabilities: 

Preferred stock warrant liability 

215 

215 

Total liabilities measured at fair value 

215 

215 

The
following table sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair value of the Company's Level III financial liabilities (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

Fair value beginning of period 

215 

159 

117 

Initial fair value of derivative liability 

2,842 

Mark-to-market of warrant and derivative liabilities 

25,030 

Reclassification of warrant liability to equity upon IPO 

(769) 
 
 56 

42 

Reclassification of derivative liability to note payable 

(27,318) 

Fair value end of period 

215 

159 

95 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 3. Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment consist of the following (in thousands): 

As of December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 

Lab equipment and machinery 

33,515 

24,766 

Leasehold improvements 

2,086 

5,055 

Computer equipment and software 

3,016 

2,314 

Furniture and fixtures 

146 

108 

Construction in progress 

5,088 

5,252 

Total property and equipment 

43,851 

37,495 

Less accumulated depreciation 

(18,723) 
 
 (15,767) 

Property and equipment, net 

25,128 

21,728 

As
of December 31, 2011 all tangible property and equipment were pledged as collateral against the note payable issued in connection with the closing of the Symyx asset purchase
transaction. As of December 31, 2010 no property and equipment were pledged as collateral against borrowings.
Amortization of leasehold improvements is included in depreciation expense. Depreciation expense was 7.0 million, 5.0 million, and 4.4 million during the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

 The
Company maintained dedicated equipment to support contractual customer capacity requirements as part of certain collaborative development programs that are classified as lab
equipment and machinery that have a net book value of 7.0 million and 2.1 million as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

4. Intangible Assets 

Intangible assets consist of the following (in thousands): 

As of 
December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 

Patents issued 

3,562 

209 

Patents pending 

2,566 

2,009 

Trademarks 

38 

38 

Total intangible assets 

6,166 

2,256 

Less patent amortization 

(99) 
 
 (18) 

Intangible assets, net 

6,067 

2,238 

Amortization
commences upon patent issuance. The useful life of the patents, once approved, will not exceed 20 years, and will depend on the nature of the patent. The average
estimated amortization period of our current portfolio is 17 years from the date of patent issuance. The average estimated remaining amortization period of patents acquired as part of the Symyx
asset purchase transaction disclosed in note 5 is 6 years. Amortization expense during the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 was 81,000, 9,000, and 5,000,
respectively. 

 96 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 4. Intangible Assets (Continued) 

 Estimated
future aggregate annual amortization expense for both issued and pending intangible assets is as follows (in thousands): 

As of December 31: 

2012 

640 

2013 

700 

2014 

700 

2015 

624 

2016 

423 

Thereafter 

2,942 

Total 

6,029 

5. Commitments and Contingencies 

 Leases 

 The Company entered into an operating lease agreement in July 2005 for its facility in California with a lease term that expires on
October 31, 2011. During the year ended December 31, 2008, the space under the operating lease was expanded to support the Company's operating needs. During the year ended
December 31, 2010, the Company relocated its operations to a new facility and, accordingly, entered into an operating lease agreement in May 2010 that expires in May 2015. Rent expense for both
facilities, which is being recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, was approximately 2.0 million, 1.6 million, 0.8 million during the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Future commitments and obligations under the operating leases to be satisfied as they become due over the term are as follows (in thousands): 

As of December 31: 

The years ending December 31, 

2012 

1,573 

2013 

1,657 

2014 

1,707 

2015 

728 

Total 

5,665 

During
2011, the Company made payments of 1.6 million on operating leases. 

 Equipment Loan 

 On June 1, 2007, the Company borrowed 3.8 million pursuant to the terms of a loan and security agreement with a bank
that was signed in 2005. In May 2008, the Company borrowed an additional 3.0 million under this loan and security agreement. The loan amounts were payable over a 36-month term ending
June 1, 2010 and May 1, 2011, respectively. The outstanding loan balances under this loan and security agreement were paid off in February 2009. Effective January 27, 2010 and
March 26, 2010, the Company amended the terms of the loan and security agreement to extend the availability of additional loan advances through December 31, 2011. Any additional
borrowing will be payable in 36 monthly installments ending no later than December 1, 2013. These loans are secured by all 

 97 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 5. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

 company
assets, excluding intellectual property. The amount borrowed must be requested in no less than 500,000 increments. The loan amount must be 100 first position secured by eligible equipment
purchased within 270 days before the equipment advance. The loan advance allows for a look back for eligible equipment purchased, as long as the loan request is made within 90 days of
the execution of the loan and security agreement. Equipment advances will accrue interest at a 5.50 annual rate. 

 In
connection with the original loan and security agreement, the Company issued a warrant to purchase Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock for 2.5 of the value of the
loan facility. As of December 31, 2010, there was no outstanding balances under the equipment loans and the Company was compliant with all loan covenants, which primarily consist of monthly and
annual financial statement reporting and the maintenance of certain minimum financial ratios. As of December 31, 2010, there was 10.0 million available for advances under this loan and
security agreement. On September 15, 2011, the Company terminated its loan and security agreement. There were no balances outstanding under the loan and security agreement and the Company was
compliant with all covenants. 

 Symyx Asset Purchase and Note Payable 

 On July 28, 2011, the Company entered into an agreement with Symyx Technologies, Inc., a related party at the time of the
agreement (Symyx), pursuant to which the Company agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to allow Symyx to sell in the initial public offering of its common stock a total of 3,968,204 shares of
common stock held by them, and Symyx agreed to sell such shares in the offering, transfer to the Company all patents held by them that relate to combinatorial processing and terminate future royalty
obligations under the Symyx agreements to the extent they would have accrued after December 31, 2011. The Company completed this asset purchase in connection with the closing of its initial
public offering in November 2011. In connection with this transaction, the Company also issued Symyx a secured promissory note in a principal amount equal to 27.3 million with a term of
24 months and an interest rate equal to 4 . The note is payable in an amount equal to the greater of 500,000 per quarter or the amount of accrued interest, with a balloon payment at maturity,
if applicable. The note is also pre-payable by the Company at any time without penalty or premium, and is secured by tangible personal property, excluding intellectual property. In
addition, the Company reimbursed Symyx for 50 of the underwriting discounts and commissions payable by them in connection with the sale of their common stock in the offering, which amount was equal
to approximately 1.4 million. 

 In
connection with entering into the agreement the Company recorded a derivative liability representing the value of the guaranteed return to Symyx and reimbursement of 50 of the
underwriting discounts and commissions payable in connection with the offering. The Company recorded the liability at inception because it has effectively issued a written option that requires the
Company to settle with a cash payment to Symyx. The initial fair value of the contract as of the date of
the agreement was determined using a hybrid model utilizing a probability-weighted expected return model and a Monte Carlo Simulation model to be 2.8 million, which incorporates parameters
such as the volatility of the Company's stock price, the time value of the feature, the strike price on the guarantee, the likelihood of an initial public offering, and the obligation to pay a portion
of Symyx's selling costs. Between July 28, 2011 and the date of the offering, the Company adjusted the fair value of the derivative liability to market value, with changes in the market value
recorded in other income (expense), net, in the Company's statement of operations. On July 28, 2011, the Company recorded an 

 98 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 5. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

 intangible
asset in the amount of 2.8 million that represents the value of the intangible assets that was transferred by Symyx to the Company upon the completion of the offering. 

During
2011 and until the completion of the Company initial public offering on November 23, 2011, the Company recorded charges to other income (expense), net in the amount of
 25.9 million that represents the change in value of the derivative liability. The following table sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair value of the Company's derivative liability
related to the Symyx asset purchase transaction (in thousands): 

Minimum return to Symyx 

67,000 

Proceeds to Symyx from offering 

(39,682) 

Initial fair value of derivative liability 

(2,842) 

Reimbursement of offering related expenses 

1,389 

Mark-to-market adjustment 

25,865 

Litigation 

 The Company is subject to various claims arising in the ordinary course of business. Although no assurance may be given, the Company
believes that it is not presently a party to any litigation of which the outcome, if determined adversely, would individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse
effect on the business, operating results, cash flows or financial position of the Company. 

Third
parties and others may claim in the future that the Company has infringed their past, current or future intellectual property rights. These claims, whether meritorious or not,
could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, require expensive changes in the Company's methods of doing business or require the Company to enter into costly royalty or licensing agreements,
if available. As a result, these claims could harm the Company's business, operating results, cash flows and financial position. 

 Indemnification 

 From time to time, the Company agrees to indemnify certain customers against certain third-party liabilities, including liability if
its products infringe a third party's intellectual property rights. The indemnification is typically limited to no more than the amount paid by the customer. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010,
the Company was not subject to any material pending intellectual property-related litigation for which it is indemnifying a customer. 

 99 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 6. Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

On November 23, 2011, the closing date of the Company's initial public offering, and pursuant to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, all outstanding shares of
redeemable convertible preferred stock converted into an aggregate of 29,230,708 shares of common stock. 

Conversion 
Rate 
 
 Preferred 
Stock Shares 
 
 Common 
Stock Shares 

Series A 

1-for-2 

8,399,831 

4,199,912 

Series B 

1-for-2 

22,780,964 

11,390,477 

Series C 

1-for-2 

14,686,698 

7,343,345 

Series D 

1-for-2 

6,575,832 

3,287,915 

Series E 

1-for-2 

6,018,122 

3,009,059 

58,461,447 

29,230,708 

(a) Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

 During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company issued 6,018,122 shares of Series E at 4.15 per share, resulting in
net cash proceeds of 24.9 million. 

 The
following table is in thousands, except share data: 

As of December 31, 2010 

Shares 
Authorized 
 
 Shares Issued 
and 
Outstanding 
 
 Aggregate 
Liquidation 
Preference 

Series A 

8,399,831 

8,399,831 

800 

Series B 

22,949,711 

22,780,964 

10,125 

Series C 

14,686,698 

14,686,698 

25,050 

Series D 

9,963,760 

6,575,832 

20,000 

Total 

56,000,000 

52,443,325 

55,975 

Significant
terms of Series A, B, C, D and E redeemable convertible preferred stock are as follows: 

 Conversion Features 

 Holders of Series A, B, C, D and E redeemable convertible preferred stock have the option to convert each share into common
stock at any time at a conversion rate of 1-for-2. The preferred stock will automatically convert into shares of common stock upon an affirmative vote of more than 60 of the
preferred stock voting together or an initial public offering with a share price of not less than 10.80 and with net proceeds of not less than 30.0 million. 

 Voting Rights 

 Each share of Series A, B, C, D and E redeemable convertible preferred stock has voting rights equivalent to the number of
shares of common stock into which it is convertible. In regards to the selection of the Company's board of directors, the Series A holders will elect two directors, the Series B holders
will elect one director, the Series C holders will elect one director and the common 

 100 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

6. Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (Continued) 

 stock
holders will elect one director. Any remaining directors will be elected by the common and preferred stock holders voting together. 

 Dividend Rights 

 The holders of Series A, B, C, D and E redeemable convertible preferred stock are entitled to receive annual noncumulative
dividends at a rate of 0.01, 0.04, 0.15, 0.24 and 0.33 per share, respectively, as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits, stock combinations, reorganizations, and the
like, out of any assets available when and if declared by the board of directors. No dividends have been declared to date. 

Annual
noncumulative cash dividends of 0.01, 0.04, 0.15, 0.24 and 0.33 per share of Series A, B, C, D and E redeemable convertible preferred stock, respectively, multiplied
by the number of years that dividends were not declared and paid since issuance, must be paid prior to the payment of any dividends on the common stock, if and when declared by the board of directors. 

 Liquidation Preferences 

 In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company, the holders of Series A, B, C, D and E
redeemable convertible preferred stock are entitled to receive 0.10, 0.44, 1.88, 3.04 and 4.15 per share, respectively, and any declared but unpaid dividends prior to any other distributions. In
the event of insufficient assets to pay the holders of Series A, B, C, D and E, the remaining assets will be distributed proportionally to all holders of redeemable convertible preferred stock.
Any remaining assets after distribution to the holders of Series A, B, C, D and E redeemable convertible preferred stock will be distributed pro rata among all stockholders on an as converted
basis until the holders of the redeemable convertible preferred stock receive a return of three times their original purchase price. Any remaining assets will be distributed pro rata among the common
stockholders. 

 Redemption Rights 

 Series A, B, C, D and E redeemable convertible preferred stock are redeemable at any time after June 14, 2016 upon the
affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of greater than 60 of the then-outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock (the Redemption Request). Upon receiving a
Redemption Request, the Company will redeem these shares from any source of funds legally available on each of the respective Redemption Dates (as defined below) in three equal annual installments of
one-third of the outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock to be redeemed. The redemption date for each annual redemption of shares (the Redemption Date) will be
(i) for the first such installment, a date determined by the Company falling not later than 60 days after the date the Company received a Redemption Request and (ii) for the
second and third installments, on the first and second anniversary of the first Redemption Date. The shares of preferred stock not redeemed as of a certain Redemption Date will remain outstanding and
will be entitled to all the rights and preferences provided to holders of the redeemable convertible preferred stock. 

 The
redemption price of the redeemable convertible preferred stock will be the greater of the original purchase price as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock
splits, stock combinations, recapitalizations, and similar events, plus any declared but unpaid dividends, or the fair market value of each respective Series as determined by the board of directors
with the approval of at 

 101 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

6. Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (Continued) 

 least
60 of the directors then serving on the board on the date of Redemption Request. The original purchase price was 800,000, 10.1 million, 25.1 million, 20.0 million and
 25.0 million for Series A, B, C, D and E, respectively. 

 Adoption of Classification and Measurement of Redeemable Securities Accounting Standard 

 In connection with the Company's decision to file a registration statement with the Securities Exchange Commission for an
initial public offering of the Company's common stock, the Company adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 480-10-S99-3A, Classification and
Measurement of Redeemable Securities . 

 The
shares contain redemption features that are not solely within the Company's control. Accordingly, all shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock, previously classified in
stockholders' equity (deficit), have been classified as temporary equity rather than as a component of stockholders' equity (deficit) in the Company's consolidated balance sheets for all periods
presented. 

 The
carrying value of redeemable convertible preferred stock was recorded at its fair value at the date of issue. In accordance with the standard, the Company has accounted for changes
in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance to the earliest redemption date using the interest method to a value equal to the fair value, as determined by the Company using the
most recent round of redeemable convertible preferred stock financing as an estimate for the fair value, of its redeemable convertible preferred stock over the period from the date of issuance to the
earliest redemption date on June 14, 2016. As the Company did not have a round of redeemable preferred stock financing around December 31, 2009 or December 31, 2010, the Company
determined the fair value by selecting a value that approximated an increase in value on a consistent basis between the Series D round (December 31, 2008) and the Series E round
(June 14, 2011). The increases in the redemption value increases the value of the redeemable convertible preferred stock and decreases the additional paid-in capital and accumulated
deficit balances. There was no impact of adopting this accounting principle on the consolidated statements of cash flows and the impact on the consolidated statement of operations was an increase in
the net loss attributable to common stockholders as a result of the accounting for the change in the redemption value. 

 Estimated Redemption Values 

The redemption values by security that the Company is using to accrete to are as follows (in thousands): 

December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock series: 

A 

33,067 

B 

89,680 

C 

57,816 

D 

25,887 

E 

102 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 6. Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (Continued) 

 In
evaluating the fair value of preferred stock and the related preferred stock accretion leading up to the Company's initial public offering the Company considered the potential impact
of the appreciation on the fair value of common stock between the June 14, 2011 Series E second closing as well as the convergence of the preferred stock and common stock prices as the
likelihood of an initial public offering increased. The Company determined that following the filing of its registration statement on Form S-1 on July 29, 2011 a redemption
was no longer probable given the decrease in the likelihood of a redemption occurring. Accordingly, effective July 29, 2011 the Company was no longer accreting its redeemable convertible
preferred stock to its redemption value. Upon the completion of
its initial public offering all mandatorily convertible preferred stock and related preferred stock accretion were reclassified to additional paid-in capital. 

(b) Common Stock 

 As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company had reserved shares of common stock, on an as if converted basis, for issuance as
follows: 

As of December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 

Issuances under stock option plan 

12,530,593 

7,445,656 

Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock 

26,221,649 

Issuances upon exercise of warrants 

912,368 

1,812,360 

13,442,961 

35,479,665 

7. Warrants 

 Preferred Stock Warrants 

 In connection with the loan and security agreement obtained in November 2005, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 168,747 shares
of Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock at a price of 0.44 per share. The Series B warrants are exercisable immediately and expire in November 2012. The fair value of the
warrant on the date of issuance was 37,000 which is being recognized as interest expense over the term of the loan and security agreement. The fair value of the warrant was determined using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model and is remeasured at each reporting period. In connection with the Company's initial public offering which closed on November 23, 2011, the preferred stock
warrants were remeasured to their current value prior to their conversion to common stock warrants and subsequent exercise. As of December 31, 2011 there were no preferred stock warrants
outstanding. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company recorded a warrant liability of 0 and 215,000, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets. During the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 , the remeasurement of the warrant liability resulted in the recognition of remeasurement losses of 0.6 million, 56,000 and 42,000, respectively,
which was recorded as other income (expense), net on the consolidated statement of operations. 

 103 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 7. Warrants (Continued) 

The
Company determined the fair value of the Series B warrants at the end of each reporting period using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Years Ended 
December 31, 

November 23, 
2011 

2010 
 
 2009 

Contractual term (in years) 

1.0 

2.0 

3.0 

Risk-free interest rate 

0.1 

0.6 

1.7 

Expected volatility 

62 

55 

60 

Expected dividend rate 

0 

0 

0 

Common Stock Warrants 

 During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company issued warrants to purchase 817,500 shares of common stock in connection
with certain collaboration agreements with exercise prices ranging from 1.50 to 3.76 per share and five year terms. Of these warrants, 735,000 were granted to a related party and were exercisable
immediately while the remaining warrants vest over periods ranging from two to four years. During the years ended December 31, 2011and 2010, the Company recognized expenses related to the
issuances and vesting of these warrants in the amount of
 1,000, 1,000 and 7,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, there were 0 and 815,619, respectively, of these warrants to purchase shares of common stock outstanding. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2008, the Company issued warrants to purchase 90,000 shares of common stock for consulting services with an exercise price of 2.04 per share
and a 10 year term. These warrants vest over four years. During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, the Company recognized expenses related to the issuances and vesting of
these warrants in the amount of 52,000, 35,000, and 51,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, these warrants to purchase shares of common stock were still outstanding. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2010, the Company issued warrants to purchase 822,368 shares of common stock in connection with certain collaboration agreements with an
exercise price of 6.08 per share and approximately two year terms, of which 411,184 were granted to a related party. These warrants will become exercisable upon election of specified licenses by the
holders prior to the expiration of the warrants. These warrants, if they become exercisable, do not contain a net exercise provision and therefore can only be exercised on a cash basis upon surrender
of the warrants. Upon a license election by the holders, the Company will record the fair value of these warrants as measured on the date of election against any related revenue derived from these
agreements. As of December 31, 2011, the holders have not elected the license option. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 411,000 shares of common stock in connection with a collaboration agreement with an exercise
price of 8.31 per share and a term of 18 months. The warrant was exercisable immediately. The warrant does not contain a net exercise provision and therefore can only be exercised on a cash
basis upon surrender of the warrants. The fair value of the warrant as measured on the date of grant was 312,000 and was recognized as a reduction of revenue derived from the agreement. The Company
also issued a warrant to purchase 2,500 shares of common stock in connection with services that were provided to the Company with an exercise price of 0.20 per share and a term of 18 months.
The warrant was 

 104 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 7. Warrants (Continued) 

 exercisable
immediately. The fair value of the warrant as measured on the date of grant was 29,000 and was recognized in general and administrative expenses. In connection with the Company's initial
public offering both of these warrants were exercised. 

 In
total, the Company had 912,368 and 1,727,987 outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Of these outstanding
warrants, 78,750 and 871,088 were exercisable as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, the Company recognized expenses
related to the issuances and vesting of these warrants in the amount of 82,000, 36,000 and 58,000, respectively. Additionally, during the year
ended December 31, 2011, the Company recognized a reduction to revenue in the amount of 312,000 related to the issuance and vesting of a warrant granted to a customer in connection with a
collaboration agreement. 

 8. Stock-Based Compensation 

On October 26, 2011, the Board of Directors approved the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (2011 Plan). A total of 4,225,648 shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance
under the 2011 Plan, which became effective on November 17, 2011. The Company has a 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (2004 Plan), but no longer grants stock options under this plan. Cancelled or
forfeited stock option grants under the 2004 Plan will be added to the total amount of shares available for grant under the 2011 Plan. In addition, shares authorized but unissued as of
November 17, 2011 under the 2004 Plan were added to shares available for grant under the 2011 Plan. The 2011 Plan contains an "evergreen" provision, pursuant to which the number of shares
available for issuance under the 2011 Plan may be increased on the first day of the fiscal year, in an amount equal to the least of (a) 2,535,389 shares, (b) 4.5 of the outstanding
Shares on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year or (c) such number of shares determined by the Board of Directors. 

The
2011 Plan allows the Company to award stock options (incentive and non-qualified), restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, deferred stock
awards, dividend equivalents, performance awards, stock payments, performance shares and other incentive awards, or any combination thereof to employees, officers, directors and consultants of the
Company. The exercise price of incentive stock options, which may only be granted to employees, granted under the 2011 Plan to participants with less than 10 voting power of all classes of stock of
the Company or any parent or subsidiary company may not be less than 100 of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of the grant. The exercise price of incentive stock options
granted under the 2011 Plan to participants with 10 or more voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent or subsidiary company may not be less than 110 of the fair market value
of the Company's common stock on the date of the grant. Options granted under the 2011 Plan generally expire 10 years from the date of grant and are generally exercisable at any time after the
date of grant when the shares are vested. Incentive and nonstatutory stock options granted generally vest at a rate of 25 on the first anniversary of the commencement or grant date and
1/48 th each month thereafter. Incentive stock options
granted to participants with 10 or more of the voting power of all classes of the Company's common stock on the date of grant have a maximum term of five years from the date of grant. 

 105 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

8. Stock-Based Compensation (Continued) 

Option activity for the periods presented is as follows: 

Options Outstanding 

Shares 
Available 
For Grant 
 
 Number of 
Stock Options 
Outstanding 
 
 Weighted- 
Average 
Exercise 
Price 
 
 Weighted- 
Average 
Remaining 
Contractual 
Life (Years) 
 
 Aggregate 
Intrinsic 
Value 
(in thousands) 

Balance as of December 31, 2008 

2,251,126 

5,310,870 

0.90 

7.7 

5,989 

Granted 

(1,725,250) 
 
 1,725,250 

2.00 

Exercised 

(76,300) 
 
 0.18 

142 

Repurchased 

46,875 

Cancelled 

862,389 

(862,389) 
 
 1.18 

Balance as of December 31, 2009 

1,435,140 

6,097,431 

1.18 

7.3 

9,047 

Granted 

(1,579,875) 
 
 1,579,875 

2.76 

Exercised 

(86,915) 
 
 1.18 

141 

Cancelled 

321,482 

(321,482) 
 
 2.06 

Balance as of December 31, 2010 

176,747 

7,268,909 

1.48 

6.9 

13,937 

Additional shares authorized 

5,453,131 

Granted 

(1,570,684) 
 
 1,570,684 

7.13 

Exercised 

(368,194) 
 
 1.26 

2,854 

Cancelled 

241,802 

(241,802) 
 
 3.28 

Balance as of December 31, 2011 

4,300,996 

8,229,597 

2.52 

6.6 

50,541 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2011 

5,429,616 

1.25 

5.4 

39,611 

Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2011 

7,708,179 

2.38 

48,358 

The
options exercisable as of December 31, 2011 include options that are exercisable prior to vesting. The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the
years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 was 4.14, 1.48 and 1.06, respectively. 

The
Company recognized stock-based compensation expense for awards granted to its employees and nonemployees as follows (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

Cost of revenue 

622 

285 

134 

Research and development 

462 

204 

222 

Sales and marketing 

770 

422 

378 

General and administrative 

588 

453 

347 

Total stock-based compensation 

2,442 

1,364 

1,081 

As
of December 31, 2011 and 2010, there was 5.8 million and 3.4 million, respectively, of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock option compensation
arrangements which is primarily recognized on a straight-line basis over a weighted average period of 3.1 and 2.8 years, respectively. 

 106 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 8. Stock-Based Compensation (Continued) 

 There
were no capitalized stock-based compensation costs or recognized stock-based compensation tax benefits during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. 

Additional
information regarding options outstanding as of December 31, 2011 is as follows: 

Options Outstanding 
 
 Options Exercisable 

Exercise Price 
 
 Options 
Outstanding 
 
 Weighted-Average 
Remaining 
Contractual 
Life (Years) 
 
 Weighted-Average 
Exercise Price 
per Share 
 
 Exercisable 
 
 Weighted-Average 
Exercise Price 
per Share 

0.02 

192,500 

3.1 

0.02 

192,500 

0.02 

0.10 

1,350,000 

3.5 

0.10 

1,350,000 

0.10 

0.20 

669,000 

4.4 

0.20 

669,000 

0.20 

1.50 

391,500 

4.9 

1.50 

391,500 

1.50 

1.66 

895,625 

5.7 

1.66 

895,625 

1.66 

2.00 

1,497,900 

7.2 

2.00 

1,058,687 

2.00 

2.04 

241,363 

6.2 

2.04 

227,784 

2.04 

2.66 

1,224,630 

8.2 

2.66 

528,537 

2.66 

2.90 

43,770 

6.8 

2.90 

36,792 

2.90 

3.40 

198,625 

9.0 

3.40 

59,941 

3.40 

6.20 

1,221,499 

9.3 

6.20 

19,250 

6.16 

9.05 

37,935 

9.9 

9.05 

10.00 

138,750 

9.9 

10.00 

11.96 

126,500 

9.7 

11.96 

8,229,597 

6.6 

2.52 

5,429,616 

1.25 

Determining Fair Value of Stock Options 

 The fair value of each grant of stock options was determined by the Company and its board of directors using the methods and
assumptions discussed below. Each of these inputs is subjective and generally requires significant judgment to determine. 

Valuation Method The Company estimates the fair value of its stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 

 Expected Term The expected term represents the period that the stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. For option grants that are
considered to be "plain vanilla," the Company used the simplified method to determine the expected term as provided by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The simplified method calculates the
expected term as the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the options. 

Expected Volatility The expected volatility was based on the historical stock volatilities of several of the Company's publicly listed peers over a
period approximately equal to the expected term
of the options as the Company did not have a sufficient trading history to use the volatility of its own common stock. 

 Fair Value of Common Stock The fair value of the common stock underlying the stock options, prior to our initial public offering in November 2011, had
been determined by the Company's board of 

 107 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

8. Stock-Based Compensation (Continued) 

 directors.
Because there was no public market for the Company's common stock prior to November 2011, the board of directors determined the fair value of the common stock at the time of the option
grant by considering a number of objective and subjective factors including valuations of comparable companies, sales of redeemable convertible preferred stock to unrelated third parties, operating
and financial performance, lack of liquidity of capital stock and general and industry-specific economic outlook, amongst other factors. 

 Risk-Free Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant
for zero coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximately equal to the expected term of the options. 

 Expected Dividend The expected dividend has been zero as the Company has never paid dividends and does not expect to pay dividends. 

Summary of Assumptions The fair value of the employee stock options were estimated on the grant dates using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model with
the following weighted average assumptions: 

Years Ended 
December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

Expected term (in years) 

6.0 

6.0 

6.0 

Risk-free interest rate 

2.1 

2.2 

2.5 

Expected volatility 

57 

55 

55 

Expected dividend rate 

0 

0 

0 

108 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 9. Net Loss per Share of Common Stock 

The following table sets forth the computation of the Company's basic and diluted net loss per share of common stock during the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 (in
thousands, except for share and per share amounts): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

(38,675) 
 
 (15,940) 
 
 (14,424) 

Shares used in computing net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted 

9,698,880 

5,567,286 

5,511,889 

Net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted 

(3.99) 
 
 (2.86) 
 
 (2.62) 

The
following outstanding shares of common stock equivalents were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share of common stock for the periods presented because including
them would have been antidilutive: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock 

26,221,649 

26,221,649 

Stock options to purchase common stock 

8,229,597 

7,268,909 

6,097,431 

Common stock subject to repurchase 

15,000 

26,042 

Common and preferred stock warrants 

912,368 

1,812,360 

989,992 

10. Income Taxes 

The Company follows FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes , for the computation and presentation of its tax provision. For the year ended
December 31, 2011, the income tax provision of 43,000 represents a provision for income taxes of 42,000 related to foreign income taxes and state minimum income taxes of 1,000. 

 109 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

10. Income Taxes (Continued) 

 The
provision for annual income taxes consisted of the following (in thousands): 

As of December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

Current: 

U.S. Federal 

State 

1 

1 

4 

Foreign 

42 

18 

13 

Total current 

43 

19 

17 

Deferred: 

U.S. Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Total deferred 

Total provision for income taxes 

43 

19 

17 

The
reconciliation of federal statutory income tax to the Company's provision for income taxes is as follows (in thousands): 

As of December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

Expected provision at statutory federal rate 

(10,482) 
 
 (616) 
 
 (1,781) 

State tax net of federal benefit 

1 

1 

4 

U.S. federal research credit 

(870) 
 
 (626) 
 
 (444) 

Non deductible expenses 

763 

486 

399 

Change in statutory tax rate 

(264) 

Others 

6 

164 

93 

Change in valuation allowance 

10,625 

874 

1,746 

Provision for income taxes 

43 

19 

17 

As
of December 31, 2011, the Company's foreign subsidiaries had accumulated approximately 0.2 million of earnings that have been reinvested in their operations. The Company has
not provided U.S. tax on these earnings as the reinvestment is considered permanent in duration. 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used
for income tax 

 110 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 10. Income Taxes (Continued) 

 purposes.
Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in thousands): 

As of December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 

Deferred tax assets: 

Net operating loss federal and state 

10,776 

8,426 

Research credits 

4,619 

3,271 

Accrued compensation and vacation 

437 

324 

Deferred revenue, other accruals and reserves 

2,186 

3,705 

Stock compensation 

346 

242 

Patents 

10,280 

Gross deferred tax assets 

28,644 

15,968 

Valuation allowance 

(27,057) 
 
 (15,818) 

Total deferred tax asset 

1,587 

150 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

1,587 

150 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

1,587 

150 

Net deferred tax assets 

The
Company established valuation allowances for U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets. The valuation allowances require an assessment of both positive and negative evidence when
determining whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. Such assessment is required on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. During the year ended December 31,
2011, the Company continued to maintain the valuation allowances for U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets. The Company intends to maintain a full valuation allowance until sufficient positive
evidence exists to support reversal. The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was 27.1 million and 15.8 million as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The
increase in the valuation allowance during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 was 11.3 million and 1.9 million, respectively. 

 As
of December 31, 2011, the Company has net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes of approximately 26.7 million and
 29.9 million, respectively, to offset future taxable income. The U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards will start to expire in 2026 while for state purposes, the net operating losses
will begin to expire in 2018. Utilization of the Company's net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations
provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. Such an annual limitation could result in the expiration of the net operating loss before utilization. The Company has not
determined whether an ownership change has occurred. 

 In
addition, the Company has 3.5 million U.S. federal R D credit and 3.5 million California R D credit carryforwards to offset future income tax liabilities. U.S. federal
R D tax credits can be carried forward for 20 years and will start to expire in 2025. California R D credits can be carried forward indefinitely. 

 111 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

10. Income Taxes (Continued) 

 Uncertain Tax Positions 

 For the year ended December 31, 2011, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits excluding interest thereon was
 1.4 million, none of which would impact the effective tax rate if realized during the year. The Company has not accrued interest and penalties related to the unrecognized tax benefits
reflected in the financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009. Although the timing and outcome of income tax audits is highly uncertain, unrecognized tax benefits
are not expected to decrease in the next twelve months. 

 The
following table summarizes the activity related to unrecognized tax benefits (in thousands): 

As of December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

Unrecognized benefit beginning of period 

1,067 

746 

518 

Gross decreases prior period tax positions 

(113) 

Gross increases current period tax positions 

447 

321 

228 

Unrecognized benefit end of period 

1,401 

1,067 

746 

The
Company's U.S. federal, state and local and foreign income tax returns are subject to audit by relevant tax authorities. The Company's income tax reporting periods beginning with tax
year ended December 31, 2008 for the U.S., and tax year ended December 31, 2007 for the Company's major state and local jurisdictions remain generally open to audit by relevant tax
authorities. 

11. Related Party Transactions 

The Company entered into a Collaborative Development and License Agreement in March 2005 and an Alliance Agreement in December 2005 with a technology company under which the two
companies will work together to conduct research and development and other activities with respect to materials and high throughput technology for use in semiconductor applications. Depending on the
output of the research and development, the primary rightholder could be either company. However, the party that is not the primary rightholder will be assigned the right to use the output property.
Each party is bearing its own expenses with respect to patents and the patent application process. The Company is required to pay royalties based on a percentage of revenue derived, directly or
indirectly, from the use of this technology. The Company is not generating revenue from the other party. In August 2006, the Company received 13.5 million from the other party in exchange for
shares of Series C representing 9.8 of the Company's fully diluted shares. In December 2008, the Company received 1.6 million from the other party in exchange for shares of
Series D. As of November 23, 2011, the other party is no longer a beneficial owner as a result of the sale of all of their shares in the Company's initial public offering. During the
years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, the Company expensed 1.8 million, 2.0 million, and 1.2 million, respectively, in related party cost of revenue and had
accrued liabilities in the amount of 795,000 and 502,000, due to the other party as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and
2009, the Company purchased 172,000, 6,000 and 14,000, respectively, of fixed assets, software licenses, maintenance and consumables from the other party. In July 2011, the Company entered into an
asset purchase agreement with the same party to purchase intellectual property that the Company, 

 112 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 11. Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

 at
the time, licensed from them. The Company has disclosed in note 5 an overview of the asset purchase agreement. 

 The
Company entered into a Collaborative Development and License Agreement in August 2006 and a second Collaborative Development and License Agreement in March 2010 with another related
party. Under the agreements, the two companies will work together to conduct research and development and other activities. Depending on the output of the research and development, the primary
rightholder will be the Company or the other party. However, if the other party is not the primary rightholder, it will be able to license the developed technology from the Company. The other party's
vice chairman of the board of directors is a director of the Company and is also a managing member of a significant shareholder of the Company. As of December 31, 2011, this shareholder is a
beneficial owner of approximately 12.7 of the Company's common stock. During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, the Company recorded revenue in the amount of
 5.2 million, 3.9 million and 0, respectively, from these agreements. 

 In
November 2006, the Company entered into an Alliance Agreement with a related party that is a beneficial owner of approximately 9.1 of the Company's common stock as of
December 31, 2011. The other party and the Company each have an independent board member that serves on both companies board of directors. Under the agreement, the two companies will work
together to conduct research and development and other activities with respect to materials and high productivity combinatorial technology for use in semiconductor applications. Depending on the
output of the research and development, the primary rightholder could be either company. However, the party that is not the primary rightholder will be assigned the right to use the output property.
Under the agreement, the other party will pay the Company fees for services and both parties may provide royalties to the other for licensed technology sold to third parties. In July 2007, the Company
and the other party entered into a Workflow Purchase Agreement whereby the other party agreed to purchase from the Company a fluids-based workflow including services and licensing of intellectual
property. In December 2007, the Company and the other party added an addendum to the Workflow Purchase Agreement. As part of this addendum, the other party increased the number of fluids-based
workflows for purchase, contracted with the Company for additional services and provided for a 10.0 million prepayment of minimum royalties. The 10.0 million minimum royalty prepayment
is nonrefundable. The minimum royalty prepayment began revenue recognition during the year ended December 31, 2009 and should be fully earned no later than the year ended December 31,
2012. The agreement committed the other party to purchase three additional workflows in addition to the initial workflow order. In December 2008, the Company and the other party added an additional
addendum to the Workflow Purchase Agreement and entered into a Dry Workflow Agreement. As part of this 2008 addendum, the third Wet Workflow was canceled and the deposit applied to the Dry Workflow
purchase. In March 2009, the Company and the other party entered into a supplement to the Workflow Purchase Agreement which adjusted the timing and delivery of services to be performed. Effective
August 2010, the Company and the other party entered into a Modification to the Wets Workflow Purchase Agreement and Dry Workflow Purchase Agreement which further extended and adjusted the timing and
services to be performed. In October 2011, the Company and the other party entered into an additional addendum to both the Dry Workflow Purchase Agreement and Wets Workflow Purchase Agreement, whereby
the Company agreed to perform additional services for an agreed upon fee and to provide additional workflows. During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, the Company recorded
revenue in the amount of 15.8 million, 22.1 million and 16.0 million, respectively, in equipment sales, license 

 113 

Table of Contents 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

11. Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

 fees
and service fees and expensed 78,000, 0 and 0, respectively, in related party cost of revenue and had accounts receivable in the amount of 466,000 and 461,000 as of December 31, 2011
and 2010, respectively, related to these agreements. The Company recorded a deferred revenue balance in the amount of 10.2 million and 13.3 million related to these agreements as of
December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The deferred revenue balance includes the unrecognized portion of the prepayment of the 10.0 million minimum royalty, of which
 2.5 million and 7.5 million remains as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, as well as payments for elements of the workflow purchases. 

 12. Information about Geographic Areas 

 Revenue 

Revenue by geography is based on the billing address of the customer. The following table sets forth revenue by geographic area (in
thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 

United States 

35,573 

29,526 

18,894 

Japan 

15,148 

12,449 

7,906 

Taiwan 

2,934 

489 

Europe 

175 

210 

110 

Total 

53,830 

42,674 

26,910 

Long-Lived Assets 

 Substantially all of the Company's long-lived assets are located in the U.S. An insignificant amount of
long-lived assets reside in the Company's foreign subsidiaries and branches in Hong Kong, Japan and Taiwan. 

 114 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2011. The term "disclosure controls and procedures," as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired objectives. In reaching a
reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2011 at the reasonable assurance level. 

 Exemption from Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2011 

 This annual report does not include a report of management's assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an
attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarterly period ended December 31, 2011 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

 None. 

 115 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 The information required by this item concerning our directors, executive officers, compliance with Section 16 of the Exchange
Act, our code of ethics and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Audit Committee is incorporated by reference from the information set forth in the sections under the headings "Election
of Directors," "Executive Officers," "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" and "Corporate Governance Matters" in our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2012 (the "2012 Proxy Statement"). 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 The information required by this item concerning executive compensation is incorporated by reference from the information in the 2012
Proxy Statement under the headings "Executive Compensation," "Corporate Governance Matters" and "Executive Compensation Compensation Committee Report." 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

 The information required by this item concerning securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans and security
ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference from the information in the 2012 Proxy Statement under the headings "Executive Compensation Equity
Compensation Plan Information" and "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management." 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 The information required by this item concerning transactions with related persons and director independence is incorporated by
reference from the information in the 2012 Proxy Statement under the headings "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" and "Corporate Governance Matters." 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information in the 2012 Proxy Statement under the heading
"Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Principal Accounting Fees and Services." 

 116 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this report:

(1) Financial
Statements: See "Index to Consolidated Financial Statements" in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K
 (2) All
schedules are omitted because they are not required information or the required information is in the financial statements or notes thereto.
 (3) Exhibits:
The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 
 
 117 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. 

Date: March 16, 2012 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ DAVID E. LAZOVSKY 

David E. Lazovsky President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. 

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ DAVID E. LAZOVSKY 

David E. Lazovsky 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 16, 2012 

/s/ PETER L. EIDELMAN 

Peter L. Eidelman 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 16, 2012 

/s/ THOMAS R. BARUCH 

Thomas R. Baruch 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 16, 2012 

/s/ MARVIN D. BURKETT 

Marvin D. Burkett 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2012 

/s/ IRWIN FEDERMAN 

Irwin Federman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2012 

/s/ BRUCE M. MCWILLIAMS 

Bruce M. McWilliams 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2012 

/s/ GEORGE M. SCALISE 

George M. Scalise 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2012 

/s/ JOHN L. WALECKA 

John L. Walecka 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2012 

118 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBITS 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
Number 

Filed 
Herewith 

Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Date 
 
 Number 

2.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement by and between Intermolecular, Inc. and Symyx Technologies, Inc. dated as of July 28, 2011.(1) 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 9/9/2011 

2.1 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Intermolecular, Inc. 

X 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Intermolecular, Inc. 

X 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 11/7/2011 

4.1 

4.2 
 
 Warrant to purchase shares of common stock issued to Timane S.a.r.l. dated June 20, 2008. 
 
 S-1 
 
 7/29/2011 

4.2 

4.3 
 
 Form of warrant to purchase shares of common stock issued to Toshiba Corporation and SanDisk Corporation dated March 15, 2010. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10/26/2011 

4.3 

4.4 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement dated as of March 4, 2011, by and among Intermolecular, Inc. and certain stockholders named therein, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended
and Restated Investor Rights Agreement dated as of June 14, 2011. 
 
 S-1 
 
 7/29/2011 

10.1 

4.5 
 
 Secured Promissory Note, issued by the Company to Symyx Technologies, Inc. on November 23, 2011. 

X 

10.1 
 
 Lease Agreement by and between Intermolecular, Inc. and Novellus Systems, Inc. dated as of May 11, 2010, as amended by the Confirmation of Commencement Date of the Lease Agreement dated as of
June 10, 2010. 
 
 S-1 
 
 7/29/2011 

10.2 

10.2 
 
 Collaborative Development Program Agreement by and among SanDisk Corporation, Toshiba Corporation and Intermolecular, Inc. dated March 15, 2010. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 11/7/2011 

10.3 

10.3 
 
 Alliance Agreement by and between Intermolecular, Inc. and Advanced Technology Materials, Inc. dated as of November 17, 2006. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10/26/2011 

10.4 

119 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
Number 

Filed 
Herewith 

Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Date 
 
 Number 

10.4 
 
 Wets Workflow Purchase Agreement by and between Intermolecular, Inc. and Advanced Technology Materials, Inc. dated as of July 13, 2007, as amended by the Addendum to Wets Workflow Purchase Agreement dated
as of December 21, 2007, the Amendment to Addendum to Wets Workflow Purchase Agreement dated as of December 16, 2008 and the Supplemental Agreement to the Amendment to the Addendum to Wets Workflow Purchase Agreement dated as of
March 16, 2009. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 11/7/2011 

10.5 

10.5 
 
 Dry Workflow Purchase Agreement by and between Intermolecular, Inc. and Advanced Technology Materials, Inc. dated as of December 16, 2008. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10/26/2011 

10.6 

10.6 
 
 Modification to the Wets Workflow Purchase Agreement and Dry Workflow Purchase Agreement by and between Intermolecular, Inc. and Advanced Technology Materials, Inc. dated as of August 27,
2010. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 9/30/2011 

10.7 

10.7 
 
 Amendment Number 5 to the Wets Workflow Purchase Agreement and Dry Workflow Purchase Agreement by and between Intermolecular, Inc. and Advanced Technology Materials, Inc. dated as of March 3,
2011. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 9/30/2011 

10.8 

10.8 
 
 CDP Services Addendum to Dry Workflow Purchase Agreement by and between Intermolecular, Inc. and Advanced Technology Materials, Inc. dated as of October 1, 2011, Amendment Number 6 to the Wets
Workflow Purchase Agreement and Dry Workflow Purchase Agreement by and between Intermolecular, Inc. and Advanced Technology Materials, Inc. dated as of October 27, 2011, and Amendment Number 7 to the Wets Workflow Purchase
Agreement and Dry Workflow Purchase Agreement by and between Intermolecular, Inc. and Advanced Technology Materials, Inc. dated as of October 27, 2011. 

X 

10.9 
 
 Advanced Memory Development Program Agreement by and between Intermolecular, Inc. and Elpida Memory, Inc. dated as of May 22, 2008, as amended by Exhibit C Royalty Terms dated as of
August 18, 2008, the Supplemental Joint Development Agreement dated as of January 27, 2009, the Amendment to the Supplemental Joint Development Agreement dated as of May 25, 2009 and the Amendment to the Advanced Memory Agreement dated
July 29, 2010. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 11/7/2011 

10.9 

120 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
Number 

Filed 
Herewith 

Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Date 
 
 Number 

10.10 
 
 Collaborative Development Program Agreement by and between Intermolecular, Inc. and GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. dated as of June 1, 2011. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 9/30/2011 

10.10 

10.11 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Intermolecular, Inc. and each of its directors, officers and certain employees. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 11/7/2011 

10.12 

10.12a 
 + 
 Intermolecular, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 
 S-1 
 
 7/29/2011 

10.13a 

10.12b 
 + 
 Form of Early Exercise Stock Option Agreement under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-1 
 
 7/29/2011 

10.13b 

10.12c 
 + 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-1 
 
 7/29/2011 

10.13c 

10.13a 
 + 
 Intermolecular, Inc. 2011 Incentive Award Plan. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 11/7/2011 

10.14a 

10.13b 
 + 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Incentive Award Plan. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 11/7/2011 

10.14b 

10.13c 
 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2011 Incentive Award Plan. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 11/7/2011 

10.14c 

10.13d 
 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2011 Incentive Award Plan. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 11/7/2011 

10.14d 

10.14a 
 + 
 Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement between the Company and certain of its executive officers. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 11/7/2011 

10.15a 

10.14b 
 + 
 Change in Control Severance Agreement between the Company and David E. Lazovsky. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 11/7/2011 

10.15b 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

+ Indicates
a management contract or compensatory plan. 

121 

Table of Contents 

Certain
portions have been omitted pursuant to a confidential treatment request. Omitted information has been filed separately with the SEC.
 (1) All
exhibits, schedules and similar attachments to this exhibit have been omitted. Copies of such exhibits, schedules and similar attachments will be
furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request. 

122 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 a2207823zex-3_1.htm
 EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 
 
 INTERMOLECULAR, INC. 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 
 Intermolecular, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, hereby certifies that: 
 
 ONE: The name of this corporation is Intermolecular, Inc. The original Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 16, 2004 under the name The BEP Group, Inc. 
 
 TWO: This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242, 245 and 228 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
 
 THREE: The text of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation as heretofore amended or supplemented is hereby restated and further amended to read in its entirety as follows: 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 NAME 
 
 The name of the corporation is Intermolecular, Inc. (the Corporation ). 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 REGISTERED OFFICE AND AGENT 
 
 The address of the Corporation s registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Zip Code 19801-1120. The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 PURPOSE 
 
 The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 A. This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated, respectively, Common Stock and Preferred Stock. The total number of shares that the Corporation is authorized to issue is Two Hundred Five Million (205,000,000), divided into Two Hundred Million (200,000,000) shares of Common Stock, and Five Million (5,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock. The Common Stock shall have a par value of 0.001 per share and the Preferred Stock shall have a par value of 0.001 per share. 

B. The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors is hereby authorized, by filing a certificate (a Certificate of Designation pursuant to the General Corporation Law of Delaware, to fix or alter from time to time the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock, and to establish from time to time the number of shares constituting any such series or any of them; and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any series subsequent to the issuance of shares of that series, but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding. In case the number of shares of any series shall be decreased in accordance with the foregoing sentence, the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status that they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
 For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and in further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Corporation, of its directors and of its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided that: 
 
 A. (1) The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation shall be vested in the Board of Directors. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors shall be fixed exclusively by one or more resolutions adopted from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 
 (2) The directors shall be divided into three classes, designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, as nearly equal in number as possible. Directors shall be assigned to each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors. At the first annual meeting of stockholders following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Qualifying Record Date ), the term of office of the Class I directors shall expire and Class I directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the second annual meeting of stockholders following the Qualifying Record Date, the term of office of the Class II directors shall expire and Class II directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the third annual meeting of stockholders following the Qualifying Record Date, the term of office of the Class III directors shall expire and Class III directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, directors shall be elected for a full term of three years to succeed the directors of the class whose terms expire at such annual meeting. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article V(A), each director shall serve until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until his death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 
 
 (3) The Board of Directors or any individual director may be removed from office at any time (i) with cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all the then outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at an election of directors (the Voting Stock or (ii) without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 
 
 2 

sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3 of the voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of the Voting Stock. 
 
 (4) Any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other causes and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors shall, unless the Board of Directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by the stockholders, except as otherwise provided by law, be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors, and not by the stockholders. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the director for which the vacancy was created or occurred and until such director s successor shall have been elected and qualified. 
 
 B. (1) Subject to Article X of the Bylaws of the Corporation, in furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal Bylaws of the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bylaws of the Corporation may be rescinded, altered, amended or repealed in any respect by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3 of the voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of the Voting Stock. 
 
 (2) The directors of the Corporation need not be elected by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation so provide. 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 A. Subject to the rights of the holders of series of Preferred Stock or any other class of stock or series thereof having a preference over the Common Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, and the taking of any action by written consent of the stockholders in lieu of a meeting of the stockholders is specifically denied. 
 
 B. Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called, for any purpose or purposes, by the Board of Directors, chairperson of the Board of Directors, chief executive officer or president (in the absence of a chief executive officer), but such special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons. 
 
 C. Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation. 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 A. To the maximum extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of Delaware, as the same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally 
 
 3 

liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. If the General Corporation Law of Delaware is amended after approval by the stockholders of this Article VII to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of Delaware as so amended. 
 
 B. The Corporation may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation, or serves or served at any other enterprise as a director, officer, employee or agent at the request of the Corporation or any predecessor to the Corporation. 
 
 C. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption of any provision of the Corporation s certificate of incorporation inconsistent with this Article VII, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VII in respect of any matter occurring, or any action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article VII, would accrue or arise, prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 EXCLUSIVE FORUM 
 
 The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 AMENDMENT 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law which might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, but in addition to any affirmative vote of the holders of any particular class or series of the Voting Stock required by law, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or any Certificate of Designation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3 of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the Voting Stock, voting together as a single class, shall be required to alter, amend or repeal Articles V, VI, VII, VIII and IX. 
 
 4 

ARTICLE X 
 EFFECTIVE TIME 
 
 This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall be effective as of 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time on November 23, 2011. 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned have executed this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation on this 23 rd day of November, 2011. 

By: 
 
 /s/ David E. Lazovsky 

David E. Lazovsky 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 
 /s/ Sandeep Jaggi 

Sandeep Jaggi, J.D., Ph.D. 

Secretary 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-3.2>
 3
 a2207823zex-3_2.htm
 EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF 
 
 INTERMOLECULAR, INC. 
 
 (a Delaware corporation) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I - CORPORATE OFFICES 
 
 1 

1.1 
 
 REGISTERED OFFICE 
 
 1 

1.2 
 
 OTHER OFFICES 
 
 1 

ARTICLE II - MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 1 

2.1 
 
 PLACE OF MEETINGS 
 
 1 

2.2 
 
 ANNUAL MEETING 
 
 1 

2.3 
 
 SPECIAL MEETING 
 
 1 

2.4 
 
 ADVANCE NOTICE PROCEDURES FOR BUSINESS BROUGHT BEFORE A MEETING 
 
 2 

2.5 
 
 ADVANCE NOTICE PROCEDURES FOR NOMINATIONS OF DIRECTORS 
 
 6 

2.6 
 
 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS 
 
 8 

2.7 
 
 MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE; AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICE 
 
 8 

2.8 
 
 QUORUM 
 
 9 

2.9 
 
 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE 
 
 9 

2.10 
 
 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS 
 
 9 

2.11 
 
 VOTING 
 
 9 

2.12 
 
 STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING 
 
 10 

2.13 
 
 RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDER NOTICE; VOTING; GIVING CONSENTS 
 
 10 

2.14 
 
 PROXIES 
 
 10 

2.15 
 
 LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO VOTE 
 
 11 

2.16 
 
 INSPECTORS OF ELECTION 
 
 11 

ARTICLE III - DIRECTORS 
 
 12 

3.1 
 
 POWERS 
 
 12 

3.2 
 
 NUMBER OF DIRECTORS 
 
 12 

3.3 
 
 ELECTION, QUALIFICATION AND TERM OF OFFICE OF DIRECTORS 
 
 12 

3.4 
 
 RESIGNATION AND VACANCIES 
 
 12 

3.5 
 
 PLACE OF MEETINGS; MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE 
 
 13 

3.6 
 
 REGULAR MEETINGS 
 
 13 

3.7 
 
 SPECIAL MEETINGS; NOTICE 
 
 13 

3.8 
 
 QUORUM 
 
 14 

3.9 
 
 BOARD ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING 
 
 14 

3.10 
 
 FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 
 
 14 

3.11 
 
 REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS 
 
 14 

ARTICLE IV - COMMITTEES 
 
 14 

4.1 
 
 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS 
 
 14 

4.2 
 
 COMMITTEE MINUTES 
 
 15 

4.3 
 
 MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES 
 
 15 

ARTICLE V - OFFICERS 
 
 16 

5.1 
 
 OFFICERS 
 
 16 
 
 i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 (continued) 

Page 

5.2 
 
 APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS 
 
 16 

5.3 
 
 SUBORDINATE OFFICERS 
 
 16 

5.4 
 
 REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS 
 
 16 

5.5 
 
 VACANCIES IN OFFICES 
 
 16 

5.6 
 
 REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS 
 
 16 

5.7 
 
 AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OFFICERS 
 
 17 

ARTICLE VI - RECORDS AND REPORTS 
 
 17 

6.1 
 
 MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF RECORDS 
 
 17 

6.2 
 
 INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS 
 
 17 

ARTICLE VII - GENERAL MATTERS 
 
 17 

7.1 
 
 EXECUTION OF CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS 
 
 17 

7.2 
 
 STOCK CERTIFICATES; PARTLY PAID SHARES 
 
 18 

7.3 
 
 SPECIAL DESIGNATION ON CERTIFICATES 
 
 18 

7.4 
 
 LOST CERTIFICATES 
 
 18 

7.5 
 
 CONSTRUCTION; DEFINITIONS 
 
 19 

7.6 
 
 DIVIDENDS 
 
 19 

7.7 
 
 FISCAL YEAR 
 
 19 

7.8 
 
 SEAL 
 
 19 

7.9 
 
 TRANSFER OF STOCK 
 
 19 

7.10 
 
 STOCK TRANSFER AGREEMENTS 
 
 19 

7.11 
 
 REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 20 

7.12 
 
 WAIVER OF NOTICE 
 
 20 

ARTICLE VIII - NOTICE BY ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION 
 
 20 

8.1 
 
 NOTICE BY ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION 
 
 20 

8.2 
 
 DEFINITION OF ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION 
 
 21 

ARTICLE IX - INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 21 

9.1 
 
 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 
 
 21 

9.2 
 
 INDEMNIFICATION OF OTHERS 
 
 21 

9.3 
 
 PREPAYMENT OF EXPENSES 
 
 22 

9.4 
 
 DETERMINATION; CLAIM 
 
 22 

9.5 
 
 NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF RIGHTS 
 
 22 

9.6 
 
 INSURANCE 
 
 22 

9.7 
 
 OTHER INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 22 

9.8 
 
 CONTINUATION OF INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 23 

ARTICLE X - AMENDMENTS 
 
 23 
 
 ii 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 BYLAWS OF 
 INTERMOLECULAR, INC. 

ARTICLE I - CORPORATE OFFICES 
 
 1.1 REGISTERED OFFICE. 
 
 The registered office of Intermolecular, Inc. (the Corporation shall be fixed in the Corporation s certificate of incorporation, as the same may be amended from time to time (the certificate of incorporation ). 
 
 1.2 OTHER OFFICES. 
 
 The Corporation s board of directors (the Board may at any time establish other offices at any place or places where the Corporation is qualified to do business. 
 
 ARTICLE II - MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 2.1 PLACE OF MEETINGS. 
 
 Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place, within or outside the State of Delaware, designated by the Board. The Board may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). In the absence of any such designation or determination, stockholders meetings shall be held at the Corporation s principal executive office. 
 
 2.2 ANNUAL MEETING. 
 
 The Board shall designate the date and time of the annual meeting. At the annual meeting, directors shall be elected and other proper business properly brought before the meeting in accordance with Section 2.4 of this Article II may be transacted. 
 
 2.3 SPECIAL MEETING. 
 
 A special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the Board, chairperson of the Board, chief executive officer or president (in the absence of a chief executive officer), but such special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons. 
 
 No business may be transacted at such special meeting other than the business specified in such notice to stockholders. Nothing contained in this paragraph of this Section 2.3 shall be construed as limiting, fixing, or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the Board may be held. 

2.4 ADVANCE NOTICE PROCEDURES FOR BUSINESS BROUGHT BEFORE A MEETING. 
 
 (i) At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be (a) brought before the meeting by the Corporation and specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the Board, (b) brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board or (c) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder who (A) was a stockholder of record of the Corporation (and, with respect to any beneficial owner, if different, on whose behalf such business is proposed, only if such beneficial owner was the beneficial owner of shares of the Corporation) both at the time of giving the notice provided for in this Section 2.4 and at the time of the meeting, (B) is entitled to vote at the meeting and (C) has complied with this Section 2.4 as to such business. Except for proposals properly made in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (as so amended and inclusive of such rules and regulations, the Exchange Act ), and included in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the Board, the foregoing clause (c) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to propose business to be brought before an annual meeting of the stockholders. Stockholders shall not be permitted to propose business to be brought before a special meeting of the stockholders, and the only matters that may be brought before a special meeting are the matters specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the person calling the meeting pursuant to Article II, Section 2.3 of these bylaws. Stockholders seeking to nominate persons for election to the Board must comply with Section 2.5 of these bylaws, and this Section 2.4 shall not be applicable to nominations except as expressly provided in Section 2.5 of these bylaws. 
 
 (ii) Without qualification, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must (a) provide Timely Notice (as defined below) thereof in writing and in proper form to the Secretary of the Corporation and (b) provide any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required by this Section 2.4. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be delivered to, or mailed and received at, the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than ninety (90) days nor more than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the one-year anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting; provided, however , that if the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered, or mailed and received, not earlier than the one hundred twentieth (120 th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the ninetieth (90 th day prior to such annual meeting or, if later, the tenth (10 th day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting was first made (such notice within such time periods, Timely Notice ). In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of Timely Notice as described above. 
 
 (iii) To be in proper form for purposes of this Section 2.4, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary shall set forth: 
 
 (a) As to each Proposing Person (as defined below), (A) the name and address of such Proposing Person (including, if applicable, the name and address that appear on the Corporation s books and records) and (B) the class or series and number of shares of the Corporation that are, directly or indirectly, owned of record or beneficially owned (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) by such Proposing Person, except that such Proposing Person shall in all events be deemed to beneficially own any shares of any class or series of the Corporation as to which such Proposing Person has a right to acquire beneficial 
 
 2 

ownership at any time in the future (the disclosures to be made pursuant to the foregoing clauses (A) and (B) are referred to as Stockholder Information 
 
 (b) As to each Proposing Person, (A) any derivative, swap or other transaction or series of transactions engaged in, directly or indirectly, by such Proposing Person, the purpose or effect of which is to give such Proposing Person economic risk similar to ownership of shares of any class or series of the Corporation, including due to the fact that the value of such derivative, swap or other transactions are determined by reference to the price, value or volatility of any shares of any class or series of the Corporation, or which derivative, swap or other transactions provide, directly or indirectly, the opportunity to profit from any increase in the price or value of shares of any class or series of the Corporation Synthetic Equity Interests ), which Synthetic Equity Interests shall be disclosed without regard to whether (x) the derivative, swap or other transactions convey any voting rights in such shares to such Proposing Person, (y) the derivative, swap or other transactions are required to be, or are capable of being, settled through delivery of such shares or (z) such Proposing Person may have entered into other transactions that hedge or mitigate the economic effect of such derivative, swap or other transactions, (B) any proxy (other than a revocable proxy or consent given in response to a solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act by way of a solicitation statement filed on Schedule 14A), agreement, arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which such Proposing Person has or shares a right to vote any shares of any class or series of the Corporation, (C) any agreement, arrangement, understanding or relationship, including any repurchase or similar so-called stock borrowing agreement or arrangement, engaged in, directly or indirectly, by such Proposing Person, the purpose or effect of which is to mitigate loss to, reduce the economic risk (of ownership or otherwise) of shares of any class or series of the Corporation by, manage the risk of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such Proposing Person with respect to the shares of any class or series of the Corporation, or which provides, directly or indirectly, the opportunity to profit from any decrease in the price or value of the shares of any class or series of the Corporation Short Interests ), (D) any rights to dividends on the shares of any class or series of the Corporation owned beneficially by such Proposing Person that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (E) any performance related fees (other than an asset based fee) that such Proposing Person is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the price or value of shares of any class or series of the Corporation, or any Synthetic Equity Interests or Short Interests, if any, (F)(x) if such Proposing Person is not a natural person, the identity of the natural person or persons associated with such Proposing Person responsible for the formulation of and decision to propose the business to be brought before the meeting (such person or persons, the Responsible Person ), the manner in which such Responsible Person was selected, any fiduciary duties owed by such Responsible Person to the equity holders or other beneficiaries of such Proposing Person, the qualifications and background of such Responsible Person and any material interests or relationships of such Responsible Person that are not shared generally by any other record or beneficial holder of the shares of any class or series of the Corporation and that reasonably could have influenced the decision of such Proposing Person to propose such business to be brought before the meeting, and (y) if such Proposing Person is a natural person, the qualifications and background of such natural person and any material interests or relationships of such natural person that are not shared generally by any other record or beneficial holder of the shares of any class or series of the Corporation and that reasonably could have influenced the decision of such Proposing 
 
 3 

Person to propose such business to be brought before the meeting, (G) any significant equity interests or any Synthetic Equity Interests or Short Interests in any principal competitor of the Corporation held by such Proposing Persons, (H) any direct or indirect interest of such Proposing Person in any contract with the Corporation, any affiliate of the Corporation or any principal competitor of the Corporation (including, in any such case, any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement), (I) any pending or threatened litigation in which such Proposing Person is a party or material participant involving the Corporation or any of its officers or directors, or any affiliate of the Corporation, (J) any material transaction occurring during the prior twelve months between such Proposing Person, on the one hand, and the Corporation, any affiliate of the Corporation or any principal competitor of the Corporation, on the other hand, (K) a summary of any material discussions regarding the business proposed to be brought before the meeting (x) between or among any of the Proposing Persons or (y) between or among any Proposing Person and any other record or beneficial holder of the shares of any class or series of the Corporation (including their names) and (L) any other information relating to such Proposing Person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies or consents by such Proposing Person in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act (the disclosures to be made pursuant to the foregoing clauses (A) through (L) are referred to as Disclosable Interests provided, however, that Disclosable Interests shall not include any such disclosures with respect to the ordinary course business activities of any broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is a Proposing Person solely as a result of being the stockholder directed to prepare and submit the notice required by these bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner; and 
 
 (c) As to each item of business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting, (A) a reasonably brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting and any material interest in such business of each Proposing Person, (B) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the bylaws of the Corporation, the language of the proposed amendment), (C) a reasonably detailed description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings between or among any of the Proposing Persons or between or among any Proposing Person and any other person or entity (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder and (D) any other information relating to such item of business that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that the disclosures required by this paragraph (iii) shall not include any disclosures with respect to any broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is a Proposing Person solely as a result of being the stockholder directed to prepare and submit the notice required by these Bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner. 
 
 (iv) For purposes of this Section 2.4, the term Proposing Person shall mean (i) the stockholder providing the notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting, (ii) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different, on whose behalf the notice of the business proposed to be brought before the annual meeting is made, (iii) any affiliate or associate (each within the meaning of Rule 
 
 4 

12b-2 under the Exchange Act for the purposes of these bylaws) of such stockholder or beneficial owner and (iv) any other person with whom such stockholder or beneficial owner (or any of their respective affiliates or associates) is Acting in Concert (as defined below). 
 
 (v) A person shall be deemed to be Acting in Concert with another person for purposes of these bylaws if such person knowingly acts (whether or not pursuant to an express agreement, arrangement or understanding) in concert with, or towards a common goal relating to the management, governance or control of the Corporation in parallel with, such other person where (A) each person is conscious of the other person s conduct or intent and this awareness is an element in their decision-making processes and (B) at least one additional factor suggests that such persons intend to act in concert or in parallel, which such additional factors may include, without limitation, exchanging information (whether publicly or privately), attending meetings, conducting discussions, or making or soliciting invitations to act in concert or in parallel; provided , that a person shall not be deemed to be Acting in Concert with any other person solely as a result of the solicitation or receipt of revocable proxies or consents from such other person in response to a solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act by way of a proxy or consent solicitation statement filed on Schedule 14A. A person Acting in Concert with another person shall be deemed to be Acting in Concert with any third party who is also Acting in Concert with such other person. 
 
 (vi) A stockholder providing notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.4 shall be true and correct as of the record date for the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the record date), and not later than eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been adjourned or postponed) (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). 
 
 (vii) Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at an annual meeting except in accordance with this Section 2.4. The presiding officer of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine that the business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 2.4, and if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. 
 
 (viii) This Section 2.4 is expressly intended to apply to any business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders, regardless of whether or not such proposal made pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. In addition to the requirements of this Section 2.4 with respect to any business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting, each Proposing Person shall comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act with respect to any such business. Nothing in this Section 2.4 shall be deemed to affect the rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (ix) For purposes of these bylaws, public disclosure shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 5 

2.5 ADVANCE NOTICE PROCEDURES FOR NOMINATIONS OF DIRECTORS. 
 
 (i) Nominations of any person for election to the Board at an annual meeting or at a special meeting (but only if the election of directors is a matter specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the person calling such special meeting) may be made at such meeting only (a) by or at the direction of the Board, including by any committee or persons appointed by the Board, or (b) by a stockholder who (A) was a stockholder of record of the Corporation (and, with respect to any beneficial owner, if different, on whose behalf such nomination is proposed to be made, only if such beneficial owner was the beneficial owner of shares of the Corporation) both at the time of giving the notice provided for in this Section 2.5 and at the time of the meeting, (B) is entitled to vote at the meeting and (C) has complied with this Section 2.5 as to such nomination. The foregoing clause (b) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make any nomination of a person or persons for election to the Board to be considered by the stockholders at an annual meeting or special meeting. 
 
 (ii) Without qualification, for a stockholder to make any nomination of a person or persons for election to the Board at an annual meeting, the stockholder must (a) provide Timely Notice (as defined in Section 2.4(ii) of these bylaws) thereof in writing and in proper form to the Secretary of the Corporation and (b) provide any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required by this Section 2.5. Without qualification, if the election of directors is a matter specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the person calling such special meeting, then for a stockholder to make any nomination of a person or persons for election to the Board at a special meeting, the stockholder must (a) provide timely notice thereof in writing and in proper form to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation and (b) provide any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required by this Section 2.5. To be timely, a stockholder s notice for nominations to be made at a special meeting must be delivered to, or mailed and received at, the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the one hundred twentieth (120 th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the ninetieth (90 th day prior to such special meeting or, if later, the tenth (10 th day following the day on which public disclosure (as defined in Section 2.4(ix) of these bylaws) of the date of such special meeting was first made. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or special meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 
 (iii) To be in proper form for purposes of this Section 2.5, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary shall set forth: 
 
 (a) As to each Nominating Person (as defined below), the Stockholder Information (as defined in Section 2.4(iii)(a) of these bylaws) except that for purposes of this Section 2.5, the term Nominating Person shall be substituted for the term Proposing Person in all places it appears in Section 2.4(iii)(a); 
 
 (b) As to each Nominating Person, any Disclosable Interests (as defined in Section 2.4(iii)(b), except that for purposes of this Section 2.5 the term Nominating Person shall be substituted for the term Proposing Person in all places it appears in Section 2.4(iii)(b) and the disclosure in clause (L) of Section 2.4(iii)(b) shall be made with respect to the election of directors at the meeting); 
 
 (c) As to each person whom a Nominating Person proposes to nominate for election as a director, (A) all information with respect to such proposed nominee that would be 
 
 6 

required to be set forth in a stockholder s notice pursuant to this Section 2.5 if such proposed nominee were a Nominating Person, (B) all information relating to such proposed nominee that is required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14(a) under the Exchange Act (including such proposed nominee s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected), (C) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during the past three (3) years, and any other material relationships, between or among any Nominating Person, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, his or her respective affiliates and associates and any other persons with whom such proposed nominee (or any of his or her respective affiliates and associates) is Acting in Concert (as defined in Section 2.4(v) of these bylaws), on the other hand, including, without limitation, all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 under Regulation S-K if such Nominating Person were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the proposed nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant (the disclosures to be made pursuant to the foregoing clauses (A) through (C) are referred to as Nominee Information ), and (D) a completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement as provided in Section 2.5(vii); and 
 
 (d) The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information (A) as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation in accordance with the Corporation s Corporate Governance Guidelines or (B) that could be material to a reasonable stockholder s understanding of the independence or lack of independence of such proposed nominee. 
 
 (iv) For purposes of this Section 2.5, the term Nominating Person shall mean (i) the stockholder providing the notice of the nomination proposed to be made at the meeting, (ii) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different, on whose behalf the notice of the nomination proposed to be made at the meeting is made, (iii) any affiliate or associate of such stockholder or beneficial owner and (iv) any other person with whom such stockholder or such beneficial owner (or any of their respective affiliates or associates) is Acting in Concert. 
 
 (v) A stockholder providing notice of any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.5 shall be true and correct as of the record date for the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the record date), and not later than eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been adjourned or postponed) (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). 
 
 (vi) Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws to the contrary, no person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with this Section 2.5. The presiding officer at the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine that a nomination was not properly made 
 
 7 

in accordance with this Section 2.5, and if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare such determination to the meeting and the defective nomination shall be disregarded. 
 
 (vii) To be eligible to be a nominee for election as a director of the Corporation, the proposed nominee must deliver (in accordance with the time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under this Section 2.5) to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation a written questionnaire with respect to the background and qualification of such proposed nominee (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Secretary upon written request) and a written representation and agreement (in form provided by the Secretary upon written request) that such proposed nominee (A) is not and will not become a party to (x) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such proposed nominee, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or (y) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such proposed nominee s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such proposed nominee s fiduciary duties under applicable law, (B) is not, and will not become a party to, any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation and (C) in such proposed nominee s individual capacity and on behalf of the stockholder (or the beneficial owner, if different) on whose behalf the nomination is made, would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the Corporation, and will comply with applicable publicly disclosed corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation. 
 
 (viii) In addition to the requirements of this Section 2.5 with respect to any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting, each Proposing Person shall comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act with respect to any such nominations. 
 
 2.6 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS. 
 
 Unless otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be sent or otherwise given in accordance with either Section 2.7 or Section 8.1 of these bylaws not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. The notice shall specify the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. 
 
 2.7 MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE; AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICE. 
 
 Notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be deemed given: 
 
 (i) if mailed, when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his or her address as it appears on the Corporation s records; or 
 
 (ii) if electronically transmitted as provided in Section 8.1 of these bylaws. 
 
 8 

An affidavit of the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Corporation or of the transfer agent or any other agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given by mail or by a form of electronic transmission, as applicable, shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. 
 
 2.8 QUORUM. 
 
 Unless otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the holders of a majority in voting power of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, present in person, or by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings of the stockholders. If, however, a quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (i) the chairperson of the meeting or (ii) a majority in voting power of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person, or by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time in the manner provided in Section 2.9 of these bylaws until a quorum is present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed. 
 
 2.9 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE. 
 
 When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, unless these bylaws otherwise require, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time, place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. 
 
 2.10 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS. 
 
 The chairperson of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of business. 
 
 2.11 VOTING. 
 
 The stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.13 of these bylaws, subject to Section 217 (relating to voting rights of fiduciaries, pledgors and joint owners of stock) and Section 218 (relating to voting trusts and other voting agreements) of the DGCL. 
 
 Except as may be otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, each stockholder shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder. 
 
 At all duly called or convened meetings of stockholders, at which a quorum is present, for the election of directors, a plurality of the votes cast shall be sufficient to elect a director. Except as otherwise provided by the certificate of incorporation, these bylaws, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or applicable law or pursuant to any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, all other elections and questions presented to the stockholders at a duly called or convened meeting, at which 
 
 9 

a quorum is present, shall be decided by the majority of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively (excluding abstentions) and shall be valid and binding upon the Corporation. 
 
 2.12 STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING. 
 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of the shares of any series of Preferred Stock or any other class of stock or series thereof having a preference over the Common Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such stockholders. 
 
 2.13 RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDER NOTICE; VOTING; GIVING CONSENTS. 
 
 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix, in advance, a record date, which record date shall not precede the date on which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted and which shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty (60) days prior to any other such action. 
 
 If the Board does not so fix a record date: 
 
 (i) The record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. 
 
 (ii) The record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto. 
 
 A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however , that the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
 
 2.14 PROXIES. 
 
 Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy authorized by an instrument in writing or by a transmission permitted by law filed in accordance with the procedure established for the meeting, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three (3) years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section 212 of the DGCL. A proxy may be in the form of a telegram, cablegram or other means of electronic transmission which sets forth or is submitted with information from which it can be determined that the telegram, cablegram or other means of electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder. 
 
 10 

2.15 LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO VOTE. 
 
 The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. The Corporation shall not be required to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting: (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the Corporation s principal executive office. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place, then the list shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting. Such list shall presumptively determine the identity of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and the number of shares held by each of them. 
 
 2.16 INSPECTORS OF ELECTION. 
 
 Before any meeting of stockholders, the Board shall appoint an inspector or inspectors of election to act at the meeting or its adjournment and make a written report thereof. The number of inspectors shall be either one (1) or three (3). If any person appointed as inspector fails to appear or fails or refuses to act, then the chairperson of the meeting may, and upon the request of any stockholder or a stockholder s proxy shall, appoint a person to fill that vacancy. 
 
 Such inspectors shall: 
 
 (i) determine the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, the number of shares represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, and the authenticity, validity, and effect of proxies; 
 
 (ii) receive votes or ballots; 
 
 (iii) hear and determine all challenges and questions in any way arising in connection with the right to vote; 
 
 (iv) count and tabulate all votes; 
 
 (v) determine when the polls shall close; 
 
 (vi) determine the result; and 
 
 (vii) do any other acts that may be proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders. 
 
 11 

The inspectors of election shall perform their duties impartially, in good faith, to the best of their ability and as expeditiously as is practical. If there are three (3) inspectors of election, the decision, act or certificate of a majority is effective in all respects as the decision, act or certificate of all. Any report or certificate made by the inspectors of election is prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. 
 
 ARTICLE III - DIRECTORS 
 
 3.1 POWERS. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of the DGCL and any limitations in the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws relating to action required to be approved by the stockholders or by the outstanding shares, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the direction of the Board. 
 
 3.2 NUMBER OF DIRECTORS. 
 
 The authorized number of directors shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board, provided the Board shall consist of at least one (1) member. No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that director s term of office expires. 
 
 3.3 ELECTION, QUALIFICATION AND TERM OF OFFICE OF DIRECTORS. 
 
 Except as provided in Section 3.4 of these bylaws, each director, including a director elected to fill a vacancy, shall hold office until the expiration of the term for which elected and until such director s successor is elected and qualified or until such director s earlier death, resignation or removal. Directors need not be stockholders unless so required by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws. The certificate of incorporation or these bylaws may prescribe other qualifications for directors. 
 
 If so provided in the certificate of incorporation, the directors of the Corporation shall be divided into three (3) classes. 
 
 3.4 RESIGNATION AND VACANCIES. 
 
 Any director may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation. When one or more directors so resigns and the resignation is effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those who have so resigned, shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each director so chosen shall hold office as provided in this section in the filling of other vacancies. 
 
 Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors shall, unless the Board determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by stockholders, be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the director for which the vacancy was created or occurred and until such 
 
 12 

director s successor shall have been elected and qualified. A vacancy in the Board of Directors shall be deemed to exist under these bylaws in the case of the death, removal or resignation of any director. 
 
 3.5 PLACE OF MEETINGS; MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE. 
 
 The Board may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware. 
 
 Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, members of the Board, or any committee designated by the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting pursuant to this bylaw shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 
 3.6 REGULAR MEETINGS. 
 
 Regular meetings of the Board may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the Board. 
 
 3.7 SPECIAL MEETINGS; NOTICE. 
 
 Special meetings of the Board for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chairperson of the Board, the chief executive officer, the president, the secretary or a majority of the authorized number of directors. 
 
 Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be: 
 
 (i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone; 
 
 (ii) sent by United States first-class mail, postage prepaid; 
 
 (iii) sent by facsimile; or 
 
 (iv) sent by electronic mail, 
 
 directed to each director at that director s address, telephone number, facsimile number or electronic mail address, as the case may be, as shown on the Corporation s records. 
 
 If the notice is (i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone, (ii) sent by facsimile or (iii) sent by electronic mail, it shall be delivered or sent at least twenty-four (24) hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is sent by United States mail, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least four (4) days before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice may be communicated to the director. The notice need not specify the place of the meeting (if the meeting is to be held at the Corporation s principal executive office) nor the purpose of the meeting. 
 
 13 

3.8 QUORUM. 
 
 At all meetings of the Board, a majority of the authorized number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The vote of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws. If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the Board, then the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present. 
 
 A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any action taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for that meeting. 
 
 3.9 BOARD ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING. 
 
 Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 
 
 3.10 FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS. 
 
 Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the Board shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. 
 
 3.11 REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS. 
 
 Except as otherwise provided by the DGCL, the Board of Directors or any individual director may be removed from office at any time (i) with cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all the then outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at an election of directors (the Voting Stock or (ii) without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty six and two thirds percent (66-2/3 of the voting power of all the then outstanding shares of the Voting Stock. 
 
 No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director prior to the expiration of such director s term of office. 
 
 ARTICLE IV - COMMITTEES 
 
 4.1 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS. 
 
 The Board may designate one (1) or more committees, each committee to consist of one (1) or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one (1) or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any 
 
 14 

meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board or in these bylaws, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority to (i) approve or adopt, or recommend to the stockholders, any action or matter expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (ii) adopt, amend or repeal any bylaw of the Corporation. 
 
 4.2 COMMITTEE MINUTES. 
 
 Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board when required. 
 
 4.3 MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES. 
 
 Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of: 
 
 (i) Section 3.5 (place of meetings and meetings by telephone); 
 
 (ii) Section 3.6 (regular meetings); 
 
 (iii) Section 3.7 (special meetings and notice); 
 
 (iv) Section 3.8 (quorum); 
 
 (v) Section 7.12 (waiver of notice); and 
 
 (vi) Section 3.9 (action without a meeting), 
 
 with such changes in the context of those bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the Board and its members. However : 
 
 (i) the time of regular meetings of committees may be determined either by resolution of the Board or by resolution of the committee; 
 
 (ii) special meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the Board; and 
 
 (iii) notice of special meetings of committees shall also be given to all alternate members, who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee. The Board may adopt rules for the government of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these bylaws. 
 
 15 

ARTICLE V - OFFICERS 
 
 5.1 OFFICERS. 
 
 The officers of the Corporation shall be a president and a secretary. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the Board, a chairperson of the Board, a vice chairperson of the Board, a chief executive officer, a chief financial officer or treasurer, one (1) or more vice presidents, one (1) or more assistant vice presidents, one (1) or more assistant treasurers, one (1) or more assistant secretaries, and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of these bylaws. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. 
 
 5.2 APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS. 
 
 The Board shall appoint the officers of the Corporation, except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.3 of these bylaws, subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment. 
 
 5.3 SUBORDINATE OFFICERS. 
 
 The Board may appoint, or empower the chief executive officer or, in the absence of a chief executive officer, the president, to appoint, such other officers and agents as the business of the Corporation may require. Each of such officers and agents shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these bylaws or as the Board may from time to time determine. 
 
 5.4 REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS. 
 
 Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by an affirmative vote of the majority of the Board at any regular or special meeting of the Board or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the Board, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the Board. 
 
 Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice. Unless otherwise specified in the notice of resignation, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party. 
 
 5.5 VACANCIES IN OFFICES. 
 
 Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the Board or as provided in Section 5.2. 
 
 5.6 REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS. 
 
 The chairperson of the Board, the president, any vice president, the treasurer, the secretary or assistant secretary of this Corporation, or any other person authorized by the Board or the president or a vice president, is authorized to vote, represent and exercise on behalf of this Corporation all rights incident to any and all shares of any other corporation or corporations standing in the name of this Corporation. The authority 
 
 16 

granted herein may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by such person having the authority. 
 
 5.7 AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OFFICERS. 
 
 All officers of the Corporation shall respectively have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the business of the Corporation as may be designated from time to time by the Board or the stockholders and, to the extent not so provided, as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the control of the Board. 
 
 ARTICLE VI - RECORDS AND REPORTS 
 
 6.1 MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF RECORDS. 
 
 The Corporation shall, either at its principal executive office or at such place or places as designated by the Board, keep a record of its stockholders listing their names and addresses and the number and class of shares held by each stockholder, a copy of these bylaws as amended to date, accounting books and other records. 
 
 Any stockholder of record, in person or by attorney or other agent, shall, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose the Corporation s stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records and to make copies or extracts therefrom. A proper purpose shall mean a purpose reasonably related to such person s interest as a stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other agent is the person who seeks the right to inspection, the demand under oath shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes the attorney or other agent so to act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand under oath shall be directed to the Corporation at its registered office in Delaware or at its principal executive office. 
 
 6.2 INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS. 
 
 Any director shall have the right to examine the Corporation s stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records for a purpose reasonably related to his or her position as a director. The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with the exclusive jurisdiction to determine whether a director is entitled to the inspection sought. The Court may summarily order the Corporation to permit the director to inspect any and all books and records, the stock ledger, and the stock list and to make copies or extracts therefrom. The Court may, in its discretion, prescribe any limitations or conditions with reference to the inspection, or award such other and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper. 
 
 ARTICLE VII - GENERAL MATTERS 
 
 7.1 EXECUTION OF CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS. 
 
 The Board, except as otherwise provided in these bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation; such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Unless so authorized or ratified by the Board or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or 
 
 17 

authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount. 
 
 7.2 STOCK CERTIFICATES; PARTLY PAID SHARES. 
 
 The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates or shall be uncertificated. Certificates for the shares of stock, if any, shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. Every holder of stock represented by a certificate shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the chairperson or vice-chairperson of the Board, or the president or vice-president, and by the treasurer or an assistant treasurer, or the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 
 
 The Corporation may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly paid and subject to call for the remainder of the consideration to be paid therefor. Upon the face or back of each stock certificate issued to represent any such partly paid shares, upon the books and records of the Corporation in the case of uncertificated partly paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon shall be stated. Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully paid shares, the Corporation shall declare a dividend upon partly paid shares of the same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration actually paid thereon. 
 
 7.3 SPECIAL DESIGNATION ON CERTIFICATES. 
 
 If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however , that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the DGCL, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. 
 
 7.4 LOST CERTIFICATES. 
 
 Except as provided in this Section 7.4, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and cancelled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owner s legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares. 
 
 18 

7.5 CONSTRUCTION; DEFINITIONS. 
 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction and definitions in the DGCL shall govern the construction of these bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term person includes both a corporation and a natural person. 
 
 7.6 DIVIDENDS. 
 
 The Board, subject to any restrictions contained in either (i) the DGCL or (ii) the certificate of incorporation, may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital stock. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property or in shares of the Corporation s capital stock. 
 
 The Board may set apart out of any of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. Such purposes shall include but not be limited to equalizing dividends, repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, and meeting contingencies. 
 
 7.7 FISCAL YEAR. 
 
 The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board and may be changed by the Board. 
 
 7.8 SEAL. 
 
 The Corporation may adopt a corporate seal, which shall be adopted and which may be altered by the Board. The Corporation may use the corporate seal by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced. 
 
 7.9 TRANSFER OF STOCK. 
 
 Shares of the Corporation shall be transferable in the manner prescribed by law and in these bylaws. Shares of stock of the Corporation shall be transferred on the books of the Corporation only by the holder of record thereof or by such holder s attorney duly authorized in writing, upon surrender to the Corporation of the certificate or certificates representing such shares endorsed by the appropriate person or persons (or by delivery of duly executed instructions with respect to uncertificated shares), with such evidence of the authenticity of such endorsement or execution, transfer, authorization and other matters as the Corporation may reasonably require, and accompanied by all necessary stock transfer stamps. No transfer of stock shall be valid as against the Corporation for any purpose until it shall have been entered in the stock records of the Corporation by an entry showing the names of the persons from and to whom it was transferred. 
 
 7.10 STOCK TRANSFER AGREEMENTS. 
 
 The Corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the Corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the Corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL. 
 
 19 

7.11 REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS. 
 
 The Corporation: 
 
 (i) shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner; 
 
 (ii) shall be entitled to hold liable for calls and assessments the person registered on its books as the owner of shares; and 
 
 (iii) shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware. 
 
 7.12 WAIVER OF NOTICE. 
 
 Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, a written waiver, signed by the person entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time of the event for which notice is to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice or any waiver by electronic transmission unless so required by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII - NOTICE BY ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION 
 
 8.1 NOTICE BY ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION. 
 
 Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders pursuant to the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under any provision of the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the Corporation. Any such consent shall be deemed revoked if: 
 
 (i) the Corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two (2) consecutive notices given by the Corporation in accordance with such consent; and 
 
 (ii) such inability becomes known to the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Corporation or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice. 
 
 However, the inadvertent failure to treat such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. 
 
 Any notice given pursuant to the preceding paragraph shall be deemed given: 
 
 20 

(i) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; 
 
 (ii) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; 
 
 (iii) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice; and 
 
 (iv) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. 
 
 An affidavit of the secretary or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent or other agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given by a form of electronic transmission shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. 
 
 8.2 DEFINITION OF ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION. 
 
 An electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process. 
 
 ARTICLE IX - INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 9.1 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. 
 
 The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any director or officer of the Corporation who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including attorneys fees) reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.4, the Corporation shall be required to indemnify a person in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such person only if the Proceeding was authorized in the specific case by the Board. 
 
 9.2 INDEMNIFICATION OF OTHERS. 
 
 The Corporation shall have the power to indemnify and hold harmless, to the extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any employee or agent of the Corporation who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any Proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity, 
 
 21 

including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding. 
 
 9.3 PREPAYMENT OF EXPENSES. 
 
 The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by any officer or director of the Corporation, and may pay the expenses incurred by any employee or agent of the Corporation, in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however , that, to the extent required by law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by the person to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article IX or otherwise. 
 
 9.4 DETERMINATION; CLAIM. 
 
 If a claim for indemnification (following the final disposition of such Proceeding) or advancement of expenses under this Article IX is not paid in full within sixty (60) days after a written claim therefor has been received by the Corporation the claimant may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any such action the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the claimant was not entitled to the requested indemnification or payment of expenses under applicable law. 
 
 9.5 NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF RIGHTS. 
 
 The rights conferred on any person by this Article IX shall not be exclusive of any other rights which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the certificate of incorporation, these bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. 
 
 9.6 INSURANCE. 
 
 The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust enterprise or non-profit entity against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of the DGCL. 
 
 9.7 OTHER INDEMNIFICATION. 
 
 The Corporation s obligation, if any, to indemnify or advance expenses to any person who was or is serving at its request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity shall be reduced by any amount such person may collect as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit enterprise. 
 
 22 

9.8 CONTINUATION OF INDEMNIFICATION. 
 
 The rights to indemnification and to prepayment of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article IX shall continue notwithstanding that the person has ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of the estate, heirs, executors, administrators, legatees and distributees of such person. 
 
 9.9 AMENDMENT OR REPEAL. 
 
 The provisions of this Article IX shall constitute a contract between the Corporation, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, each individual who serves or has served as a director or officer of the Corporation (whether before or after the adoption of these bylaws), in consideration of such person s performance of such services, and pursuant to this Article IX the Corporation intends to be legally bound to each such current or former director or officer of the Corporation. With respect to current and former directors and officers of the Corporation, the rights conferred under this Article IX are present contractual rights and such rights are fully vested, and shall be deemed to have vested fully, immediately upon adoption of theses bylaws. With respect to any directors or officers of the Corporation who commence service following adoption of these bylaws, the rights conferred under this provision shall be present contractual rights and such rights shall fully vest, and be deemed to have vested fully, immediately upon such director or officer commencing service as a director or officer of the Corporation. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article IX shall not adversely affect any right or protection (i) hereunder of any person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification or (ii) under any agreement providing for indemnification or advancement of expenses to an officer or director of the Corporation in effect prior to the time of such repeal or modification. 
 
 ARTICLE X - AMENDMENTS 
 
 Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 9.9 of these bylaws or the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, the Board is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation. Any adoption, amendment or repeal of the bylaws of the Corporation by the Board shall require the approval of a majority of the authorized number of directors. The stockholders also shall have power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation; provided, however , that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law or by the certificate of incorporation, such action by stockholders shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3 of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote at an election of directors. 
 
 23 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF BYLAWS 

The undersigned hereby certifies that he or she is the duly elected, qualified, and acting Secretary of Intermolecular, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and that the foregoing bylaws, comprising 26 pages, were amended and restated on October 26, 2011 by the Corporation s board of directors. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his or her hand this 23 rd day of November, 2011. 

/s/ Sandeep Jaggi 

Sandeep Jaggi 

Secretary 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.5>
 4
 a2207823zex-4_5.htm
 EX-4.5

Exhibit 4.5 
 
 SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE 

27,317,960.00 

San Jose, California 
 November 23, 2011 
 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Intermolecular, Inc., a Delaware corporation Maker ), promises to pay to Symyx Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with its successors and assigns, Payee ), the principal sum of Twenty-Seven Million Three Hundred Seventeen Thousand Nine Hundred Sixty 27,317,960.00), together with interest as provided in this promissory note (this Note , and such outstanding principal amount, the Loan ), as follows: 
 
 1. This Note constitutes the secured promissory note required to be provided by Maker to Payee pursuant to Section 2.1(c) of that certain Asset Purchase Agreement between Maker and Payee, dated as of July 28, 2011 (the Asset Purchase Agreement ). Terms used but not defined in this Note shall have the meaning given to them in the Asset Purchase Agreement. 
 
 2. Security . 
 
 2.1 Grant . Maker, for valuable consideration, the receipt of which is acknowledged, hereby grants to Payee, a first-priority security interest in and lien on all of the property described on Exhibit A hereto (the Collateral now owned or at any time hereafter acquired by Maker or in which Maker now has or at any time in the future may acquire any right, title or interest. 
 
 2.2 Maker Remains Liable . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) Maker shall remain liable under any Contracts included in the Collateral, to the extent set forth therein, to perform all of its duties and obligations thereunder to the same extent as if this Note had not been executed, and (ii) Payee shall not have any obligation or liability under any Contracts included in the Collateral by reason of this Note, nor shall Payee be obligated to perform any of the obligations or duties of Maker thereunder or to take any action to collect or enforce any such Contract included in the Collateral hereunder, in each case until such time as Payee exercises remedies with respect to such Collateral. 
 
 2.3 Continuing Security Interest . Maker agrees that this Note shall create a continuing first-priority security interest in the Collateral which shall remain in effect until payment in full of all of the Obligations. 
 
 3. Obligations Secured . The security interest granted hereby secures the full and timely payment of all Obligations. 
 
 4. Interest . Maker shall pay interest on the amount of the Loan outstanding at an annual rate (the Interest Rate equal to 4 . Payments on this Note will be payable at the end of each of Maker s fiscal quarters Fiscal Quarter in an amount equal to the greater of (a) 500,000 for such Fiscal Quarter constituting (i) accrued but unpaid interest and, (ii) after all such interest is paid in full, any outstanding principal on the Loan, or (b) the amount of interest accrued but unpaid during such Fiscal Quarter. All remaining accrued but unpaid interest and 

outstanding principal on this Note shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date. Interest shall be calculated based upon a 365/6 day year. The Interest Rate shall apply both before and after Payee obtains any judgment on this Note. 
 
 5. Maturity and Acceleration . Maker shall repay the entire unpaid principal balance of this Note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest at the Interest Rate to the date of payment and all reasonable costs of collection (collectively, the Obligations ), upon the earliest to occur of (such date, the Maturity Date ): (i) the second annual anniversary of the Closing Date or (ii) upon acceleration by Payee pursuant to Section 12 herein after the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default. 
 
 6. Prepayment . Maker may prepay this Note at any time, in whole or in part, without notice, penalty, or premium. Any partial payment will be applied to first to the payment of interest and thereafter to the outstanding principal amount of this Note. 
 
 7. Mandatory Prepayment . Maker shall prepay (the Mandatory Prepay this Note in whole within 10 business days of any sale of Common Stock by Maker or any Investor (as such term is defined in the Investor Rights Agreement) following the IPO pursuant to an effective registration statement filed with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; provided that no Mandatory Prepay shall be required if such sale is of (a) any Common Stock issued in connection with the exercise of the underwriters overallotment option in the IPO, (b) Common Stock or options, warrants or rights to purchase Common Stock Convertible Securities issued to employees, consultants, officers, directors, or other service providers pursuant to any stock plans or other arrangements, (c) Common Stock or Convertible Securities issued to lenders, lessors, strategic partners, customers, vendors or the like in non-equity capital raising transactions, (d) Common Stock or Convertible Securities issued pursuant to any currently existing or outstanding rights or agreements, including, without limitation, convertible securities, options and warrants, (e) Common Stock or Convertible Securities issued in connection with any stock split, stock dividend or recapitalization by Maker, (f) Common Stock or Convertible Securities issued pursuant to the acquisition of another entity by Maker by merger, purchase of substantially all of the assets or shares or other reorganization whereby Maker will own not less than a majority of the voting power of the surviving or successor corporation or (g) any right, option, or warrant to acquire any Common Stock or security convertible into Common Stock listed in (a) through (f) above. 
 
 8. Payments . Maker shall pay all Obligations in lawful money of the United States in immediately available funds, free and clear of, and without deduction or offset for, any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, charges, withholdings, or liabilities with respect thereto; or any other defenses, offsets, set-offs, claims, counterclaims, credits, or deductions of any kind. Maker s obligations under this Note are completely independent of all circumstances whatsoever other than as expressly described in this Note. 
 
 9. Usury Savings . Nothing in this Note shall require Maker to pay or permit Payee to collect from Maker interest exceeding the maximum amount permitted by Applicable Law in commercial loan transactions between parties of the character of the parties to this Note. Maker shall not be obligated to pay any interest in excess of such maximum amount. The interest 
 
 2 

payable under this Note by Maker shall in no event exceed such maximum amount permitted by Applicable Law. 
 
 10. Representations and Warranties . As of the date of this Note, Maker hereby represents and warrants to Payee that (a) Maker is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, (b) Maker has all requisite corporate power and authority to issue this Note and perform its obligations hereunder, (c) this Note is the legal, valid and binding obligation of Maker, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, (d) neither the execution and delivery of this Note nor compliance with or fulfillment of its terms, will conflict with, result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default or an event creating rights of acceleration, termination or cancellation or a loss of rights under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, encumbrance or similar restriction, under (i) the governing documents of Maker or (ii) any material contract to which Maker is a party, (e) except for the security interest granted to Payee pursuant to this Note and statutory Liens for Taxes, assessments or other statutory or governmental charges yet due and payable or Liens that, in the aggregate, do not have a material adverse effect on the Collateral, Maker is the sole legal and equitable owner of each item of the Collateral in which it purports to grant a security interest hereunder, and (f) except for any security agreement, financing statement, equivalent security or lien instrument or continuation statement in favor of Payee pursuant to this Note, no effective security agreement, financing statement, equivalent security or lien instrument or continuation statement covering all or any part of the Collateral exists. 
 
 11. Event of Default . Maker will be deemed to be in default under this Note upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each an Event of Default ): (a) immediately, upon the filing by Maker of any voluntary petition in bankruptcy or any petition for relief under the federal bankruptcy code or any other state or federal law for the relief of debtors, (b) within 45 days unless such event has been cured, upon the filing against Maker of any involuntary petition in bankruptcy or any petition for relief under the federal bankruptcy code or any other state or federal law for the relief of debtors, (c) immediately, upon the execution by Maker of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (d) within 60 days unless such appointment has been dismissed, upon the appointment of a receiver, custodian, trustee or similar party to take possession of Maker s assets or property, (e) within 30 days, unless cured, of any material breach, default or violation under this Note (other than a failure to pay any Obligations when due pursuant to this Section 11), and (f) within ten days, unless cured, of a failure to pay any Obligations when due hereunder. 
 
 12. Rights and Remedies on Event of Default . 
 
 12.1 During the continuance of an Event of Default, Payee shall have the right to declare all Obligations to be immediately due and payable and Payee may exercise any and all rights and remedies hereunder or under Applicable Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Payee shall have the right to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the Collateral, either at public or private sale, in lots or in bulk, for cash or for credit, with or without warranties or representations, and upon such terms and conditions, all as Payee, in its reasonable discretion, may deem advisable, and Payee shall have the right to purchase at any such sale. Maker agrees that a notice sent at least ten days before the time of any intended public 
 
 3 

sale or of the time after which any private sale or other disposition of the Collateral is to be made shall be reasonable notice of such sale or other disposition. The proceeds of any such sale, or other Collateral disposition, shall be applied: first, to the expenses of retaking, holding, storing, processing and preparing for sale, selling, and the like; second, to Payee in satisfaction of the then unpaid Obligations; and third, to Maker or as otherwise required by Applicable Law. UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code, as the same may, from time to time, be enacted and in effect in the State of California; provided, that , to the extent that the UCC is used to define any term herein and such term is defined differently in different Articles or Divisions of the UCC, the definition of such term contained in Article or Division 9 shall govern; provided further , that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of Applicable Law, any or all of the attachment, perfection, or priority of, or remedies with respect to, Payee s lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of California, the term UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in such other jurisdiction solely for purposes on the provisions thereof relating to such attachment, perfection, priority, or remedies and for purposes of definitions relating to such provisions. The rights and remedies with respect to Maker and the Collateral, whether established hereby or by any Contracts or by Applicable law, shall be cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently, and are not exclusive of any other rights or remedies provided under any other Contract to which Maker is a party or by which it or any of the Collateral is bound or by law or equity. 
 
 12.2 Maker will upon request promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further action that Payee may reasonably request in order to perfect, protect and maintain the priority of the security interest granted by this Note and to enable Payee to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies under this Note. 
 
 12.3 Maker hereby waives (a) the right to require Payee to proceed against any other Person or against any other collateral it may hold, (b) presentment, protest and notice of protest, demand and notice of nonpayment, demand of performance, notice of sale, and advertisement of sale, (c) following an Event of Default that is continuing, any right to the benefit of or to direct the application of any of the Collateral until the obligations of Maker shall have been paid in full, and (d) any defenses which may arise by reason of, or be based on, lack of diligence in collection. 
 
 12.4 Any sale, whether under any power of sale hereby given or by virtue of judicial proceedings, shall operate to divest all of Maker s right, title, interest, claim and demand whatsoever, either at law or in equity, in and to the Collateral sold, and shall be a perpetual bar, both at law and in equity, against Maker, its successors and assigns, and against all Persons claiming the Collateral sold or any part thereof under, by or through Maker, its successors or assigns. 
 
 12.5 To the extent permitted by law, Maker appoints Payee, and any trustee, authorized agent or designee of Payee, with full power of substitution, as Maker s true and lawful attorney-in-fact, effective as of the date hereof, with power, upon Payee s election, in its own name or in the name of Maker, during the continuance of an Event of Default, (a) to endorse any notes, checks, drafts, money orders, or other instruments of payment in respect of the Collateral that may come into Payee s possession, (b) to sign and endorse any drafts against 
 
 4 

Maker, assignments, verifications and notices in connection with accounts, and other documents relating to Collateral, (c) to pay or discharge taxes or liens at any time levied or placed on or threatened against the Collateral, (d) to demand, collect, issue receipt for, compromise, settle and sue for monies due in respect of the Collateral, (e) to notify Persons obligated with respect to the Collateral to make payments directly to Payee, and (f) generally, to do at any time, or from time to time, all acts and things that Payee deems reasonably necessary to protect, preserve and realize upon the Collateral and Payee s security interest therein to effect the intent of this Note, all as fully and effectually as Maker might or could do; and Maker hereby ratifies all that said attorney shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney shall be irrevocable as long as any of the Obligations are outstanding. 
 
 12.6 All of Maker s rights and remedies with respect to the Collateral, whether established hereby or by any other Contracts or by Applicable Law shall be cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently. 
 
 12.7 Maker covenants and agrees with Payee that from and after the date of this Note and until all Obligations have been performed and paid in full Maker shall not (a) sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Collateral, or attempt or contract to do so, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or (b) directly or indirectly, create, permit or suffer to exist, and shall defend the Collateral against and take such other action as is necessary to remove, any Lien on the Collateral, except statutory Liens for Taxes, assessments or other statutory or governmental charges not yet due and payable or Liens that, in the aggregate, do not have a material adverse effect on the Collateral. 
 
 13. Renewals; Extensions; Amendment . Maker and any endorsers and guarantors of this Note, and all others who are or may become liable for all or any part of the Loan, consent to any number of renewals or extensions of time for payment of this Note. Any such renewals or extensions shall not affect their liability. This Note may only be amended in writing, signed by Maker and Payee. 
 
 14. All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given, (a) if delivered in person or by courier, (b) if sent by nationally recognized overnight delivery service, (c) if mailed by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or (d) if transmitted by facsimile with receipt confirmed, as follows: 

If to Payee: 
 
 Symyx Technologies, Inc. 

c/o Accelrys, Inc. 

10188 Telesis Court, Suite 100 

San Diego, CA 92121 

Attention: General Counsel 

Telephone: (858) 799-5000 

Facsimile: (858) 799-5107 
 
 5 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Paul Hastings LLP 4747 Executive Drive, 12th Floor San Diego, CA 92121 Attention: Scott Oross Telephone: (858) 458-3000 Facsimile: (858) 458-3005 

If to Maker: 
 
 Intermolecular, Inc. 

3011 N. First Street San Jose, CA 95134 Attention: Vice President, Legal Affairs Telephone: (408) 582-5700 Facsimile: (408) 582-5401 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Latham Watkins LLP 140 Scott Drive Menlo Park, CA 94025 Attention: Patrick Pohlen Telephone: (650) 328-4600 Facsimile: (650) 463-2600 
 
 or to such other address as the party to be notified shall have furnished to the other party in writing. Any notice given in accordance with the foregoing shall be deemed to have been given, (i) when delivered in person, or by courier, (ii) one Business Day after sending by nationally recognized overnight delivery service, (iii) when transmitted by facsimile with receipt confirmed, or (iv) three Business Days following the date on which it shall have been mailed by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested. 
 
 15. Waivers . Maker and any endorsers and guarantors of this Note, and all others who may become liable for all or any part of the obligations evidenced by this Note, severally waive presentment for payment, protest, notice of protest, dishonor, notice of dishonor, demand, notice of non-payment, and the benefit of all statutes, ordinances, judicial rulings, and other legal principles of any kind, now or hereafter enacted or in force, affording any right of cure or any right to a stay of execution or extension of time for payment or exempting any property of such Person from levy and sale upon execution of any judgment obtained by the holder in respect of this Note. THE PARTIES WAIVE JURY TRIAL IN ANY ACTION TO ENFORCE OR INTERPRET, OR OTHERWISE ARISING FROM THIS NOTE. 
 
 16. GOVERNING LAW . THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA WITHOUT REFERENCE TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF. 
 
 6 

17. Severability . If any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable, then the other provisions shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker by its duly authorized officer has executed this Promissory Note this 23 rd day of November, 2011. 

INTERMOLECULAR, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ David E. Lazovsky 

Name: David E. Lazovsky 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 INTERMOLECULAR, INC. 
 
 SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COLLATERAL 
 
 All tangible personal property of Maker, whether presently existing or hereafter created, written, produced or acquired, including, but not limited to: 
 
 (i) All goods, Accounts, Equipment, Inventory, contract rights or rights to payment of money, leases, license agreements, franchise agreements, commercial tort claims, documents, instruments (including any promissory notes), chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), cash, deposit accounts, fixtures, letters of credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced by a writing), securities, and all other investment property, supporting obligations, and financial assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, wherever located; and 
 
 (ii) all Maker s Books relating to the foregoing, and any and all claims, rights and interests in any of the above and all substitutions for, additions, attachments, accessories, accessions and improvements to and replacements, products, proceeds and insurance proceeds of any or all of the foregoing. 
 
 (iii) Notwithstanding clauses (i) and (ii) of this Exhibit A, the Collateral does not include any of the following, whether now owned or hereafter acquired: (a) more than 65 of the presently existing and hereafter arising issued and outstanding shares of capital stock owned by Maker of any foreign subsidiary which shares entitle the holder thereof to vote for directors or any other matter, (b) property that is nonassignable by its terms without the consent of the licensor thereof or another party (but only to the extent such prohibition on transfer is enforceable under applicable law, including, without limitation, Sections 9406 and 9408 of the UCC), (c) property that the granting of a security interest therein is contrary to applicable law, provided that upon the cessation of any such restriction or prohibition, such property shall automatically become part of the Collateral, (d) General Intangibles, including, without limitation, any intellectual property such as any copyright rights, copyright applications, copyright registrations and like protections in each work of authorship and derivative work, whether published or unpublished, any patents, patent applications and like protections, including improvements, divisions, continuations, renewals, reissues, extensions, and continuations-in-part of the same, trademarks, service marks and, to the extent permitted under applicable law, any applications therefor, whether registered or not, and the goodwill of the business of Maker connected with and symbolized thereby, know-how, operating manuals, trade secret rights, rights to unpatented inventions, and any claims for damage by way of any past, present, or future infringement of any of the foregoing; or (e) Accounts, license and royalty fees and other revenues, proceeds, or income arising out of or relating to any of the foregoing in clause (iii) of this Exhibit A. 
 
 Terms used in this Exhibit A but not defined shall have the meaning given to such terms in the UCC. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.8>
 5
 a2207823zex-10_8.htm
 EX-10.8

Exhibit 10.8 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 
 
 CDP Services Addendum to Dry Workflow Purchase Agreement 
 
 This Addendum (the Addendum to the Dry Workflow Purchase Agreement (as amended, the Agreement is effective as of October 1, 2011 (the Addendum Effective Date is made by and between Advanced Technology Materials, Inc., with a principal place of business at 7 Commerce Drive, Danbury, CT 06810 ATMI ), and Intermolecular, Inc., with a principal place of business at 3011 N. 1st Street, San Jose, California 95134 IM ). ATMI and IM are sometimes referred to herein individually as a party and collectively as the parties. Capitalized terms in this Addendum have the meaning assigned to them in the Agreement, unless otherwise separately defined herein. 
 
 WHEREAS IM and ATMI entered into the Agreement effective December 16, 2008, pursuant to which ATMI purchased from IM a Dry Workflow; 
 
 WHEREAS ATMI has entered into a Collaborative Development and License Agreement CDLA with a third party customer previously disclosed by ATMI to IM ATMI Customer ), pursuant to which ATMI will provide certain services to ATMI Customer, including through the use of the Dry Workflow; 
 
 WHEREAS IM will provide services to ATMI in support of the CDP (as hereinafter defined) activities under the CDLA; and 
 
 WHEREAS ATMI and IM wish to establish terms that will govern their relationship as it relates to the work to be performed for the CDP. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as set forth below. 
 
 ARTICLE 1 
 
 DEFINITIONS 
 
 1.1 CDP or Collaborative Development Project shall mean the activities that ATMI Customer and ATMI undertake on a collaborative basis under the CDLA, which activity commenced on June 17, 2011. 
 
 1.2 CDP Delivery and Deposition Techniques shall mean delivery and deposition techniques for chemicals, dielectric films, and molecules (including chemical precursors), including Physical Vapor Deposition (PVD), Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD), and Atomic Layer Deposition (ALD) that constitute CDP Inventions. CDP Delivery and Deposition Techniques shall include any [ ] . 

1.3 CDP Semiconductor Products shall mean an integrated circuit in wafer or die form, the primary purpose of which is the storage of digital information that (a) constitutes a CDP Invention and/or (b) is manufactured using one or more CDP Inventions. 
 
 1.4 CDP Inventions shall mean all inventions, developments, discoveries, improvements, know-how, and other Technology, whether patentable or not, that are conceived or created pursuant to the CDP and during the period from June 17, 2011 through the term of this Addendum, whether solely by ATMI, ATMI Customer or IM or jointly by any combination thereof, regardless of the form in which such Technology is originally created or thereafter reproduced, translated, converted or stored. 
 
 1.5 Contractor(s) shall mean IM. 
 
 1.6 DRAM Products shall mean an integrated circuit in wafer or die form, the primary purpose of which is the storage of digital information whose storage cells are based on transistor-capacitor combinations, in which the digital information is represented by charges that are stored on the capacitors, which charges must be replenished periodically to retain the information. 
 
 1.7 IM Background Non-Patent Rights shall mean any and all Non-Patent Rights owned, controlled or licensable by IM without the consent of a third party or payment of compensation to a third party that were not developed, conceived, created, obtained, or acquired pursuant to, or otherwise by virtue of efforts under this Addendum and that are made available by IM to ATMI or ATMI Customer under this Addendum during the term hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, IM Background Non-Patent Rights do not include Non-Patent Rights developed by IM pursuant to IM s activities under all existing IM engagements with third parties including engagements with existing customers related to DRAM Products. 
 
 1.8 IM Background Patent Rights shall mean any and all Patent Rights: (i) that are owned, controlled or licensable by IM without the consent of a third party or payment of compensation to a third party; (ii) that would be Necessarily Infringed by the manufacture, use, import, sale, offer for sale or other disposal of CDP Semiconductor Products or by practicing any CDP Delivery and Deposition Techniques to manufacture DRAM Products; and (iii) that have filing dates, or entitled to the benefit of a filing date, prior to the end of the term hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, IM Background Patent Rights do not include Patent Rights not licensable by IM due to restrictions imposed prior to the Addendum Effective Date. 
 
 1.9 Necessarily Infringed shall mean with respect to any given Patent Right, that infringement of the Patent Right would not occur but for inclusion of a 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

CDP Invention in, or in the manufacture of, (i) a CDP Semiconductor Product or (ii) a DRAM Product. 
 
 1.10 Non-Patent Rights shall mean any and/or all of the following and all rights in, arising out of, or associated therewith: (i) all inventions, developments, discoveries, improvements, trade secrets, proprietary information, know-how, technology, software, technical data, and all documentation embodying or evidencing any of the foregoing; (ii) copyrights, copyright registrations and applications therefor and all other rights corresponding thereto throughout the world; (iii) mask works, mask work registrations and applications therefor, and any equivalent or similar rights in semiconductor masks, layouts, architectures or topology; (iv) industrial designs and any registrations and applications therefor throughout the world; (v) all rights in databases and data collections throughout the world; (vi) any similar, corresponding or equivalent rights to any of the foregoing anywhere in the world; but excluding any Patent Rights and Trademark Rights. 
 
 1.11 Patent Rights shall mean any and all rights associated with any and all United States and foreign issued patents and registered utility models, and all reissues, divisions, renewals, extensions, continuations, and continuations-in-part thereof. 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

ARTICLE 2 
 
 SERVICES 
 
 2.1 Roles . ATMI will lead the CDP effort and be the interface to ATMI Customer. IM will use the Dry Workflow purchased by ATMI pursuant to the Agreement to provide services to ATMI during the term of this Addendum in support of the CDP, pursuant to Exhibit A Services ). IM warrants that it will provide the Services using reasonable care and skill. 
 
 2.2. Contributions . Exhibit A attached hereto sets forth the resources being committed by each party hereto, and the timeline for the CDP activities. In the event that there are unforeseen or incremental costs associated with the CDP beyond those contemplated by Exhibit A , ATMI and IM will mutually agree as to how such costs will be shared. 
 
 2.3 CDP . The Services provided by IM under this Addendum are solely in support of the CDP. 
 
 ARTICLE 3 
 
 TERM AND TERMINATION 
 
 3.1 Term . The term of this Addendum shall commence on the Addendum Effective Date and continue through August 31,2012, unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3.2 below. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Addendum shall govern any CDP activities that commenced as of June 17, 2011. The parties may agree to extend the term if mutually agreed in writing. 
 
 3.2 Termination . Either party may terminate this Addendum based on a material breach of this Addendum by the other party. Such termination shall be effective following 30 days written notice by the non-breaching party if the breach remains uncured. 
 
 3.3 Effect of Termination . The following provisions shall survive any expiration or termination of this Addendum: Articles 4, 5, Sections 6.2-6.5, Article 7 and Section 8.2. 
 
 ARTICLE 4 
 
 IP OWNERSHIP; LICENSES 
 
 4.1 Ownership of Intellectual Property . Any Intellectual Property Rights resulting from IM s provision of the Services shall be owned by ATMI, whether or not derived through ATMI s use of the Dry Workflow CDP IP ). CDP IP shall not include any Dry HPC Technology. IM will grant and hereby grants to ATMI all right, title and interest in and to the CDP IP. ATMI will grant and 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

hereby grants to IM all right, title and interest in and to the Dry HPC Technology. 
 
 4.2 License from IM to ATMI . IM hereby grants ATMI under the IM Background Patent Rights and IM Background Non-Patent Rights, a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, perpetual, irrevocable, non-transferable, non-assignable (except as otherwise expressly provided herein) right and license to design, develop, make, use, sell (either directly or indirectly), offer for sale, import and otherwise dispose of any CDP Semiconductor Products or to practice any method or processes (a) claimed under the IM Background Patent Rights or covered by the IM Background Non Patent Rights in the manufacture of CDP Semiconductor Products or (b) that constitute a CDP Delivery and Deposition Technique commercially practicable for manufacturing DRAM Products. ATMI may grant a sublicense under the foregoing license solely to ATMI Customer. Such sublicense shall not be greater in scope than the foregoing license. 
 
 ARTICLES 
 
 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 Confidential Information . The exchange of any Confidential Information in connection with the CDP is governed by the confidentiality terms attached hereto as Exhibit C . Notwithstanding the Addendum Effective Date, IM agrees to be bound by such terms as of June 17,2011. In addition, IM acknowledges and agrees that is ATMI s Contractor , as such term is used in Exhibit C . 
 
 ARTICLE 6 
 
 CDP FEES; ROYALTY PAYMENTS 
 
 6.1 CDP Fees . In consideration of IM providing Services to ATMI, ATMI shall pay IM a total of [ ] Dollars [ ] CDP Fees ). Such CDP Fees shall be payable in four equal installments, each of which is due within [ ] days of ATMI receiving the applicable quarterly payment from ATMI Customer under the CDLA (which quarterly payments are due on [ ] ). 
 
 6.2 [ ] . ATMI has [ ] to [ ] ATMI Customer [ ] of the [ ] ATMI Customer to ATMI under the CDLA [ ] , as determined by ATMI Customer in its sole discretion. If ATMI [ ] ATMI Customer [ ] ATMI Customer under the CDLA, then ATMI will notify IM in writing, and IM will promptly [ ] to [ ] the [ ] of the [ ] . 
 
 6.3 Materials Revenue Directly Associated with the CDP . ATMI agrees to pay IM a royalty equal to [ ] percent [ ] of ATMI s net revenues from materials sold to ATMI Customer by ATMI as part of the CDP module solution (regardless of whether such materials constitute a Product), in accordance with Article 6 of the Agreement; provided, however, that such royalties shall be paid on a monthly rather than quarterly basis. 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

6.4 HPD-Derived Materials . In the instance where ATMI sells any Product to ATMI Customer that is not part of the CDP module solution, ATMI agrees to pay a royalty to IM as currently provided for in the Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt such royalty shall equal [ ] percent [ ] of ATMI s net revenues from Products sold to ATMI Customer (as determined in accordance with Section 6.1 of the Agreement), except as otherwise mutually agreed in writing by the parties (e.g., the letter agreement dated July21, 2009 between the parties). 
 
 6.5 Non-HPD Materials . To the extent that the alliance between ATMI and IM in support of ATMI Customer results in non-Product materials wins for ATMI that would not have been possible without such alliance, ATMI and IM will negotiate in good faith to set the compensation, if any, due to IM. A list of candidate materials is provided in Exhibit B . ATMI agrees to pay IM a royalty equal to [ ] percent [ ] of ATMI s net revenues from sales of such materials to ATMI Customer, in accordance with Article 6 of the Agreement. 
 
 6.6 The CDP Fees and royalty payments identified in this Section 6 are limited to the specific engagement identified in this Addendum and do not apply to any other activity outside this Addendum. All other activities between ATMI and IM shall continue to be governed by their respective agreements. 
 
 ARTICLE 7 
 
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 General Indemnity . IM, on behalf of itself and its employees, agents, permitted subcontractors and permitted assigns, shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless ATMI, its subsidiaries and affiliates and their directors, officers, agents and employees (each an Indemnified Party from and against any and all liabilities, claims, demands, damages, causes of action, losses, expenses and attorneys fees, whether known or unknown, vested or contingent, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnified Party arising from or related in any way to a third party claim based on (i) IM s material breach of this Addendum, (ii) the negligence of IM, its employees, agents or representatives or (iii) any violation of law by IM, its employee, agents or representatives that is in any way connected with the Services. 
 
 ARTICLE 8 
 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 8.1 Marketing . ATMI and IM will explore other potential development opportunities at ATMI Customer. The parties shall develop a joint marketing team and marketing plans for the ATMI Customer account, and such team shall meet periodically to review progress, and revise any such marketing plan 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

accordingly. Any revenue sharing between ATMI and IM for any such opportunities shall be set forth in a separate written agreement between the parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party reserves the right to approach any customer (including ATMI Customer) solely on its own to market its respective products, services and other capabilities. 
 
 8.2 Entire Agreement . This Addendum, together with all Exhibits hereto, and together with the Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior negotiations and understandings between the parties, both oral and written, regarding such subject matter. This Addendum is only applicable to the Services performed by IM during the term as outlined in Section 3.1. All other activities undertaken by IM under other various agreements between IM and ATMI shall continue to be governed by those respective agreements. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the Effective Date. 

Intermolecular, Inc. 
 
 Advanced Technology Materials, Inc. 

By: 
 
 /s/ John R. Behnke 

By: 
 
 /s/ Tod Higinbotham 

Name: 
 
 John R. Behnke 

Name: 
 
 Tod Higinbotham 

Title: 
 
 SVP and GM, Semi Group 

Title: 
 
 EVP and GM, Microelectronics 

Date: 
 
 10/26/2011 

Date: 
 
 10/28/2011 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT A CDP Resources and Timeline 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

Who 

Main activities 

Who 

Intermolecular 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

ATMI 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT B - Candidate non-NPD material wins 
 
 [ ] sold to [ ] and [ ] for [ ] . 
 [ ] sold to [ ] and [ ] for [ ] . 
 [ ] sold to [ ] and [ ] (does not include [ ] ). 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT C 
 
 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 11. CONFIDENTIALITY. 
 
 11.1 Confidential Information. Confidential Information shall mean any and all information or data that is disclosed under or in connection with the CDP and which is disclosed in: (i) tangible form (e.g., in writing or in the form of samples or prototypes) that is clearly marked as confidential or (ii) intangible form (e.g., orally or visually) that the Discloser identifies as confidential at the time of disclosure and provides a written summary of such information to the Recipient within thirty (30) days of such disclosure . Each Party shall make a reasonable good faith effort to comply with the requirements in Subsection (ii) above, but, and notwithstanding such requirements, a Party s failure to so comply shall not relieve the Recipient of its obligations under this Agreement with respect to such information if under the circumstances such information would reasonably be understood or considered to be confidential information of the Discloser. The terms and conditions of this Agreement, and the existence and subject matter of this Agreement, shall be considered and are deemed to be Confidential Information under this Agreement for which each Party is considered a Recipient under this Agreement. All ATMI Customer Foreground Non-Patent Rights and all ATMI Foreground Non-Patent Rights are and shall be deemed to be the sole Confidential Information of ATMI Customer and ATMI respectively. All Joint Foreground Non-Patent Rights shall be deemed to be the joint Confidential Information of both Parties Joint Confidential Information regardless of the selecting Party in relation to the Draft under this Agreement, and each Party is deemed to be a Recipient of such Joint Confidential Information hereunder . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include any information or data that: (i) is rightfully in Recipient s possession at the time of disclosure without an obligation of confidentiality; (ii) is or becomes available to the public through no breach of this Agreement or any prior confidentiality agreement between the Parties; (iii) is approved for non-confidential release by written authorization of Discloser; (iv) is independently developed by Recipient without use of Discloser s Confidential Information; or (v) is lawfully obtained from a Third Party without restriction and without breach of this Agreement or any other agreement. 
 
 11.2 Subsidiaries and Contractors. A Party and/or its Subsidiaries and Contractors may disclose Confidential Information hereunder and when such entity does it is referred to herein as a Discloser , and a Party and/or its Subsidiaries and Contractors may receive Confidential Information hereunder and when such entity does it is referred to herein as a Recipient. A Party and any Subsidiary or Contractor of such Party may disclose Confidential Information to the other Party and any Subsidiary or Contractor of such other Party. 
 
 11.3 Degree of Care; Non-disclosure. Recipient shall maintain Discloser s Confidential Information and Joint Confidential Information with at least the same degree of care it uses to protect its own confidential information, but in no case with less than 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

reasonable care. Recipient shall not disclose Discloser s Confidential Information or Joint Confidential Information to any T hird P arty except as specifically permitted in this Section 11. Recipient shall not alter, modify, disassemble, reverse engineer, reverse compile, reconstruct or decompile any Confidential Information, in whole or in part, unless expressly permitted to do so by an authorized representative of the Discloser. Recipient shall notify Discloser promptly in the event of any disclosure of Confidential Information not authorized under this Agreement. 
 
 11.4 Permitted Disclosures. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement: 
 
 (a) Representatives . Recipient may disclose Discloser s Confidential Information or Joint Confidential Information to its employees, directors, officers, and C ontractors (collectively, Representatives and Representatives of Subsidiaries and Contractors who have a need to know the information in connection with his or her job duties and who are subject to a written agreement or professional obligation that prevents unauthorized disclosure of the Confidential Information or Joint Confidential Information. Each Party shall be liable for any unauthorized disclosure of the Confidential Information or Joint Confidential Information by Representatives or Representatives of its Subsidiaries and Contractors. 
 
 (b) Required Disclosure . Recipient may disclose Discloser s Confidential Information or Joint Confidential Information pursuant to a valid judicial or governmental order or as required by Applicable Law or stock exchange rule, provided however that, prior to such disclosure, Recipient shall notify Discloser of such requirement to disclose and shall reasonably cooperate with Discloser s efforts to seek a protective order or otherwise avoid or minimize the disclosure. 
 
 (c) Sale/Use of CDP Chemicals and CDP Semiconductor Products . The sale or use of any CDP Chemicals and/or CDP Semiconductor Products as permitted under this Agreement that inherently discloses Confidential Information of the Discloser or any Joint Confidential Information shall not be deemed to be a breach of the confidentiality terms of this Agreement or be deemed a violation of any other confidentiality obligations between ATMI Customer and ATMI, including any use or disclosure restrictions. 
 
 (d) Patent Prosecution . The Drafting Party may disclose Joint Confidential Information, related to a CDP Joint Invention allocated to the Drafting Party pursuant to the Draft under this Agreement to a Governmental Entity as reasonably necessary for the purposes of Patent Prosecution, and such disclosure shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Agreement or be deemed a violation of any other confidentiality obligations between ATMI Customer and ATMI, including any use or disclosure restrictions. 
 
 (e) ATMI Customer Customers and Potential Customers . ATMI Customer and its Subsidiaries may disclose Joint Confidential Information to Third Party customers or bona fide potential Third Party customers (or to Affiliates, JV Affiliates, and/or JV Partners of ATMI Customer) where such disclosure is reasonably required in 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

furtherance of a legitimate interest in selling CDP Semiconductor Products, and the Third Party customer or bona fide potential Third Party customer (or Affiliate of ATMI Customer) is subject to nondisclosure obligations at least as strict as the nondisclosure obligations provided for in this Agreement. Any such Affiliate, JV Affiliate, or JV Partner of ATMI Customer may in turn disclose such Joint Confidential Information to such Affiliate s Third Party customers or bona fide potential Third Party customers consistent with the provisions of this Subsection (e). 
 
 (f) ATMI Customers and Potential Customers . ATMI and its Subsidiaries may disclose Joint Confidential Information to Third Party customers or bona fide potential Third Party customers (or to Affiliates of ATMI) where such disclosure is reasonably required in furtherance of a legitimate interest in selling CDP Chemicals, and the Third Party customer or bona fide potential Third Party customer (or Affiliate of ATMI) is subject to nondisclosure obligations at least as strict as the nondisclosure obligations provided for in this Agreement. Any such Affiliate of ATMI may in turn disclose such Joint Confidential Information to such Affiliate s Third Party customers or bona fide potential Third Party customers consistent with the provisions of this Subsection (f). 
 
 (g) ATMI Customer JV Affiliates and ATMI Customer JV Partners . ATMI Customer and its Subsidiaries may disclose Confidential Information of ATMI, ATMI s Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries, and ATMI s Contractors and Joint Confidential Information to ATMI Customer JV Affiliates and ATMI Customer JV Partners who are subject to nondisclosure obligations as strict as the nondisclosure obligations provided for in this Agreement. 
 
 11.5 Copies of Confidential Information. Recipient shall not make copies of Discloser s Confidential Information, including Joint Confidential Information, except as reasonably necessary for the use of its Representatives or to facilitate disclosure of Confidential Information expressly permitted in this Agreement on a need-to-know basis. Any copies that are made must be identical to the original, may not be modified, and shall be considered the property of Discloser. 
 
 11.6 No Patent Rights License to Third Party. None of the foregoing permitted disclosures within this Section 11 shall grant or purport to grant, explicitly, by implication, by estoppel, or otherwise, to any Third Party any right, title, license or interest in or to any Patent Rights of either Party or its Affiliates. 
 
 11.7 Term of Obligations. The obligations within this Section 11 shall be effective during the Term of this Agreement and shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement for a period of five (5) years from the date of such expiration or termination of this Agreement. 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 
 
 Amendment Number 6 
 
 to the 
 
 Wets Workflow Purchase Agreement and Dry Workflow Purchase Agreement 
 
 Advanced Technology Materials, Inc., with a principal place of business at 7 Commerce Drive, Danbury, CT 06810 ATMI ), and Intermolecular, Inc., with a principal place of business at 3011 North First Street, San Jose, California 95134 IM entered into a Wets Workflow Purchase Agreement effective July 13, 2007, which 
 
 was amended by an Addendum effective Dec. 21, 2007 Amendment Number 1 ), and 
 
 was amended by an Amendment effective Dec. 16, 2008 Amendment Number 2 ), and 
 
 was amended by a Supplement effective Mar. 16, 2009 Amendment Number 3 ), and 
 
 was amended by a Modification effective Aug. 27, 2010 Amendment Number 4 and 
 
 was amended by an amendment effective Mar. 3, 2011 Amendment Number 5 
 
 (collectively the Wets Agreement ). 
 
 ATMI and IM also entered into a Dry Workflow Purchase Agreement effective December 16, 2008, which agreement has been amended by certain of the Amendments referenced above (collectively the Dry Agreement ). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree to modify the terms of the Wets Agreement and the Dry Agreement (hereinafter Amendment Number 6 or Amendment as set forth below. 
 
 1. Full Engagement 
 
 1.1. IM is in the process of arranging for ATMI s full engagement and participation in the [ ] project being undertaken by [ ] and IM (the Project ), which Project has not yet been fully defined. 
 
 1.2. IM is interested in having ATMI support the Project as described below, including by ATMI making available its [ ] workflow Workflow ). 
 
 1.3. In furtherance of complying with IM s obligations under Section 4.3 of Amendment Number 2 as modified by Section 1.6 of Amendment Number 4 Preferred Material Supplier Clause ), IM is in discussions with [ ] for [ ] to permit certain named ATMI personnel (not to exceed 2 persons) participate directly with IM and [ ] personnel as part of the Project (such ATMI participation hereinafter defined as Full Engagement ). 
 
 IM and ATMI Confidential 
 
 1 

2. Workflow support 
 
 2.1. If [ ] permits the Full Engagement ATMI agrees to fully support the deployment, training, operation and execution of the elements, methods and procedures of the Workflow towards a successful implementation of the Project (hereinafter Workflow Support ), provided that such Workflow Support expectations do not exceed one Full Time Engineer. If [ ] permits the Full Engagement, ATMI shall provide the Workflow Support at no charge to IM. IM understands that it may need to purchase select capital equipment to locate within IM if required to execute the Full Engagement. 
 
 2.2. If [ ] does not permit a Full Engagement, ATMI agrees to fully support execution of work on the Workflow pursuant to IM s written request but will not support the deployment, or training of any Workflow element to either IM of [ ] personnel. IM and ATMI will agree on a payment by IM to ATMI for ATMI s services rendered in the execution of this Workflow based on the level of ATMI s support of the Project, provided that such payments cannot exceed a rate of [ ] per month for the duration of the Project. IM expects the duration of the Project to be less than 6 months. Neither IM s payment obligations nor ATMI s obligations to provide Workflow Support under this Amendment shall extend beyond 6 months from the commencement of the Project, unless the parties mutually agree in writing. In the event the Project extends beyond 6 months, IM and ATMI will, in good faith, negotiate the monthly payments to ATMI beyond that Period. 
 
 2.3. IM acknowledges that it is had access to ATMI confidential information about the Workflow, and agrees that it will make no attempt to replicate any ATMI Workflow elements without the expressed written permission of ATMI. For the avoidance of doubt, this means that IM may not use any ATMI confidential information to develop coupon polish and/or clean capability of its own to support the Project. If ATMI grants permission for IM to replicate any ATMI Workflow elements, ATMI and IM will negotiate appropriate compensation to be paid to ATMI by IM. The restrictions on IM under this paragraph shall not apply, however, to any information which (a) is already in the public domain at the time of disclosure or becomes available to the public after the time of disclosure through no breach of this Agreement by IM; (b) was in IM s possession prior to receipt from ATMI; (c) was received by IM from a third party; (d) is independently developed by IM; (e) is approved by ATMI for use by IM; or (f) is required to be disclosed by law or the rules of any governmental organization. 
 
 2.4. IM agrees that the Workflow elements provided by ATMI to IM as part of the Workflow Support shall be solely used for the Project and not for any other project. 
 
 3. Preferred Supplier 
 
 3.1. Nothing in this letter shall serve to reduce IM s obligations under the Preferred Material Supplier Clause. 
 
 This Amendment shall have an effective date of October 27, 2011 Effective Date 
 
 All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the Wets Agreement or the Dry Agreement, as applicable. This Amendment shall be deemed to be incorporated into each of the Wets Agreement and the Dry Agreement and made a part thereof. 
 
 IM and ATMI Confidential 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 
 
 2 

All references to the Wets Agreement or Dry Agreement in any other document shall be deemed to refer to the Wets Agreement or Dry Agreement, as applicable, as modified by this Amendment. Except as modified by this Amendment, all of the terms and conditions of the Wets Agreement and the Dry Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. In the event that the terms of this Amendment conflict with the terms of the Wets Agreement or the Dry Agreement , the terms of this Amendment shall control. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the Effective Date. 

Intermolecular, Inc. 

Advanced Technology Materials, Inc. 

By: 
 
 /s/ John R. Behnke 

By: 
 
 /s/ Tod Higinbotham 

Name: 
 
 John R. Behnke 

Name: 
 
 Tod Higinbotham 

Title: 
 
 SVP and GM, Semi Group 

Title: 
 
 EVP and GM, Microelectronics 

Date: 
 
 10/27/2011 

Date: 
 
 10/28/2011 
 
 IM and ATMI Confidential 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 
 
 3 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 
 
 Amendment Number 7 
 
 to the 
 
 Wets Workflow Purchase Agreement and Dry Workflow Purchase Agreement 
 
 Advanced Technology Materials, Inc., with a principal place of business at 7 Commerce Drive, Danbury, CT 06810 ATMI ), and Intermolecular, Inc., with a principal place of business at 3011 North First Street, San Jose, California 95134 IM entered into a Wets Workflow Purchase Agreement effective July 13, 2007, which 
 
 was amended by an Addendum effective Dec. 21, 2007 Amendment Number 1 ), and 
 
 was amended by an Amendment effective Dec. 16, 2008 Amendment Number 2 ), and 
 
 was amended by a Supplement effective Mar. 16, 2009 Amendment Number 3 ), and 
 
 was amended by a Modification effective Aug. 27, 2010 Amendment Number 4 and 
 
 was amended by an amendment effective Mar. 3, 2011 Amendment Number 5 and 
 
 was amended by an amendment effective October 2, 2011 Amendment Number 6 
 
 (collectively the Wets Agreement ). 
 
 ATMI and IM also entered into a Dry Workflow Purchase Agreement effective December 16, 2008, which agreement has been amended by certain of the amendments referenced above (collectively, the Dry Agreement ). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree to modify the terms of the Wets Agreement and the Dry Agreement (hereinafter Amendment Number 7 or Amendment as set forth below. 
 
 1. Shipment of [ ] from Kyoto, Japan to San Jose, CA 
 
 1.1. No later than [ ] days after receving a writtent request from IM, ATMI shall ship the [ ] tool currently located in Kyoto, Japan to IM in San Jose, CA. 
 
 1.2. As between IM and ATMI, ATMI shall be solely responsible for all direct and indirect costs related to the shipment of the [ ] including but not limited to costs of packing and transportation. 
 
 2. Shipment of [ ] 
 
 2.1. No later than [ ] days from receiving a [ ] purchase order from ATMI, IM shall commence the building or assembling as appropriate of the [ ] and [ ] New Tools ). 
 
 2.2. Upon completion of the building and assembly of the Tools, IM shall ship the [ ] and [ ] New Tools to ATMI in Suwon, South Korea. The parties agree lead time for the standard configuration of the New Tools will be no more than [ ] months from date of purchase order. Final configuration and resulting lead time to be agreed upon by the parties. 
 
 2.3. As between IM and ATMI, IM shall be solely responsible for all direct and indirect costs related to the building and assembly of the New Tools. 
 
 2.4. As between IM and ATMI, ATMI shall be solely responsible for all direct and indirect costs related to the New Tools except for the costs identified in Section 2.3 including but not limites to the costs related to the packing, shipment, facility modification, purchase of 
 
 IM and ATMI Confidential 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 
 
 1 

ancillary equipment (including the vaccum pumps for the [ ] ), installation and operation of the New Tools. 
 
 3. Licenses and fees for the New Tools 
 
 3.1. In exchange for the payments as outlined below in this section, IM hereby grants and ATMI hereby accepts a non-exclusive [ ] , [ ] and Maintenance for the Workflow under IM s rights in the New Tools to use the Tools in accordance with the terms in the Wets Agreement. Such license shall be for a duration beginning on [ ] and ending on [ ] . 

New Tools 

2013 Amounts payable by [ ] 

2014 Amounts payable by [ ] 

2015 Amounts payable by [ ] 

1 

[ 
 
 ] 

[ 
 
 ] 

[ 
 
 ] 

[ 
 
 ] 

2 

[ 
 
 ] 

[ 
 
 ] 

[ 
 
 ] 

[ 
 
 ] 

3 

[ 
 
 ] 

[ 
 
 ] 

[ 
 
 ] 

[ 
 
 ] 

4 

[ 
 
 ] 

[ 
 
 ] 

[ 
 
 ] 

[ 
 
 ] 
 
 ATMI shall issue non-cancellable purchase orders no later than 15 days prior to the dates when the corresponding amounts are payable, to obtain such licenses and maintenance for as set forth above. 
 
 Nothing in this Amendment (i) changes ATMI s payment obligations under the Modification to the Wets Workflow Purchase Agreement dated August 27, 2010 (the Modification ), or (ii) obligates ATMI to extend any licenses beyond the period specified in the Modification with respect to any tools or workflows that are the subject of such Modification. 
 
 This Amendment shall have an effective date of October 27, 2011 Effective Date 
 
 All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the Wets Agreement or the Dry Agreement, as applicable. This Amendment shall be deemed to be incorporated into each of the Wets Agreement and the Dry Agreement and made a part thereof. All references to the Wets Agreement or Dry Agreement in any other document shall be deemed to refer to the Wets Agreement or Dry Agreement, as applicable, as modified by this Amendment. Except as modified by this Amendment, all of the terms and conditions of the Wets Agreement and the Dry Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. In the event that the terms of this Amendment conflict with the terms of the Wets Agreement or the Dry Agreement , the terms of this Amendment shall control. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the Effective Date. 

Intermolecular, Inc. 

Advanced Technology Materials, Inc. 

By: 
 
 /s/ John R. Behnke 

By: 
 
 /s/ Tod Higinbotham 

Name: 
 
 John R. Behnke 

Name: 
 
 Tod Higinbotham 

Title: 
 
 SVP and GM, Semi Group 

Title: 
 
 EVP and GM, Microelectronics 

Date: 
 
 10/27/2011 

Date: 
 
 10/28/2011 
 
 IM and ATMI Confidential 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 
 
 2 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 a2207823zex-23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 The
Board of Directors 
Intermolecular, Inc: 

 We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-178154 and 333-180169) on Form S-8 of
Intermolecular, Inc. (the Company) of our report dated March 15, 2012, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Intermolecular, Inc. and subsidiaries as of
December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010 and the related consolidated statements of operations, redeemable convertible preferred stock and of stockholders' equity (deficit) and cash flows
for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2011, which report appears in the December 31, 2011 annual report on Form 10-K of
Intermolecular, Inc. 

/s/
KPMG LLP 

 Santa
Clara, California 
March 16, 2012 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 a2207823zex-31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 I,
David E. Lazovsky, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Intermolecular, Inc.;
 2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 4. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;
 c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting; and
 
 5. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2012 
 
 /s/ DAVID E. LAZOVSKY 

David E. Lazovsky President and Chief Executive Officer 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 a2207823zex-31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 I,
Peter L. Eidelman, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Intermolecular, Inc.;
 2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 4. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;
 c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting; and
 
 5. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2012 
 
 /s/ PETER L. EIDELMAN 

Peter L. Eidelman Chief Financial Officer 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 a2207823zex-32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 In connection with the Annual Report of Intermolecular, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2011, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Report"), David E. Lazovsky, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, does hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and 
 The information in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
March 16, 2012 

By: 
 
 /s/ DAVID E. LAZOVSKY 

Name: 
 
 David E. Lazovsky 

Title: 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to
be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the
Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 a2207823zex-32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 In connection with the Annual Report of Intermolecular, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2011, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Report"), Peter L. Eidelman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and 
 The information in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
March 16, 2012 

By: 
 
 /s/ PETER L. EIDELMAN 

Name: 
 
 Peter L. Eidelman 

Title: 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to
be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the
Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

</EX-32.2>

