<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20120814_10-K_edgar_data_1022368_0001022368-12-000032.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7021639</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>510828</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1585414</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3173994</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>770891</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>708064</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001022368-12-000032.hdr.sgml : 20120814
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20120814153109
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001022368-12-000032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20120531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20120814
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20120814

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001022368
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-GROCERIES & RELATED PRODUCTS [5140]
		IRS NUMBER:				870563574
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14608
		FILM NUMBER:		121032412

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2002 SOUTH 5070 WEST
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84104-4726
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8019755000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2002 SOUTH 5070 WEST
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84104-4726

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WEIDER NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960906

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001022368-12-000032.txt : 20120814

10-K
 1
 shf-2012531x10k.htm
 FORM 10K FY 12

SHF-2012.5.31-10K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2012 
 or 
 o 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______ to _______. 
 Commission file number: 
 001-14608 
 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 
 87-0563574 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

2002 South 5070 West 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 
 
 84104-4726 
 (Address of principal 
 executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 (801) 975-5000 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Class A Common Stock, par value .01 per share 
 (Title of Class) 
 
 New York Stock Exchange 
 (Name of Exchange) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes No o 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 
 Large accelerated filer 
 o 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 o 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller reporting company 
 o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately 158,759,834 as of November 30, 2011, the last day of the registrant's second fiscal quarter, based upon the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange of 11.89 for shares of the registrant's Class A common stock on November 30, 2011. 
 As of August 9, 2012 the registrant had outstanding 21,807,164 shares of Class A common stock and 7,486,574 shares of Class B common stock. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of the registrant's fiscal year ended May 31, 2012, are incorporated by reference into Part III hereof. 

PART I 
 
 Note on Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements under the captions Business, Risk Factors, Legal Proceedings, and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and elsewhere herein are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and projections. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements that are preceded by, followed by or include the words believes, anticipates, plans, expects, estimates, may, should, intends, or similar expressions, are forward-looking statements. While we believe these assumptions, expectations, estimates and projections are reasonable, such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond our control, and therefore, actual results may differ materially. The fact that some of the risks may be the same or similar to past reports we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC means only that the risks are present in multiple periods. We believe that many of the risks detailed here are part of doing business in the industry in which we operate and compete and will likely be present in all periods reported. The fact that certain risks are endemic to the industry does not lessen their significance. Forward-looking statements only speak as of the date hereof and we do not undertake and expressly disclaim any obligation to update or release any revisions to any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Important factors that may cause these forward-looking statements to be false or materially different from our current expectations include, but are not limited to, the factors discussed in Items 1, 1A, 3, 7 and 7A of this Annual Report. Industry data used throughout this report was obtained from industry publications and internal company estimates. While we believe such information to be reliable, its accuracy has not been independently verified and cannot be guaranteed. 
 
 You should carefully consider the risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including those set forth in Item 1A-Risk Factors below. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General 
 
 Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. is a leading nutritional supplement company offering vitamins, nutrition supplements and nutrition bars in the United States and abroad. Our portfolio of well-known brands, including MegaRed , Move Free , Airborne , Tiger's Milk , Sustenex , Digestive Advantage and Schiff Vitamins, is marketed primarily through the mass market (including club) and, to a lesser extent, health food store, distribution channels. 
 
 Our principal offices are located at 2002 South 5070 West, Salt Lake City, Utah 84104 and our telephone number is (801) 975-5000. We were incorporated in Delaware in 1996. Our corporate internet web site address is www.schiffnutrition.com . We have included our internet web sites here and elsewhere only as an inactive textual reference. The information contained on the internet web sites is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file our proxy statements, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments thereto with the SEC. Electronic copies of our periodic reports and current reports, and any amendments to those reports, are available free of charge by accessing our corporate internet web site at www.schiffnutrition.com , which provides a link to www.sec.gov , the web site maintained by the SEC. 
 
 Industry Overview 
 
 According to the Nutrition Business Journal, the market for vitamins, minerals, supplements and herbs in the United States was estimated to be approximately 28.7 billion in 2010 (the most recent year for which data is available). We believe that the market has reached its present size due to a number of factors, including: 

increased interest in health and wellness as consumers increasingly embrace healthy lifestyles and more proactively manage their individual health needs; 
 
 2 

increased awareness of the health benefits of dietary supplements, especially as reports and medical research indicating a correlation between consumption of specific nutrients and better health continue to heighten public knowledge of the benefits of dietary supplements for health; 

a growing population of older Americans, who are more likely to consume dietary supplements and nutritional products, with an increasing interest in more proactively managing one's own health needs; 

successful new product introductions in part due to new scientific findings; and 

a trend towards preventative measures and healthy living due, in part, to rising health care costs, dissatisfaction with existing health care systems, and greater acceptance of alternative/preventative care. 
 
 In recent years, nutritional supplement companies, analysts, publications and other industry sources have referenced a slower growth rate, particularly in terms of sales dollar growth, in the nutritional supplement industry. We believe that the slower growth rate is due in part to, among other factors, increased competition, including increasing competition from pharmaceutical and food companies, increased market and pricing competition, including from private label products, the general economic slowdown in the U.S., negative publicity regarding certain nutritional supplement ingredients and companies, and the general maturing of the industry. 
 
 Although specific data from the fragmented international markets is not readily available, we believe similar demographics, events and other trends affect the nutritional supplement market internationally. 
 
 Brands, Products and Distribution 
 
 We market a broad line of specialty supplements, vitamins and minerals under the Schiff brand, which has been available to consumers for over 75 years. We also recently acquired Airborne, Inc., a leading brand in immune support. The Schiff and Airborne brands emphasize high quality and natural ingredients, primarily consisting of tablet, capsule, softgel and on-the-go packet product forms. 
 
 Our specialty supplements are designed to provide consumers with targeted support for their wellness efforts, and include joint care products including Move Free and glucosamine products; Omega-3 products, including MegaRed; a line of probiotic digestive health products, including Digestive Advantage and Sustenex; immune support products, including Airborne; and a variety of other specialty supplements. Move Free is one of the leading joint care products in the mass market channel and MegaRed represents a growing Omega-3 krill oil product line. Move Free, MegaRed and Airborne comprise a significant portion of our branded sales. We cannot assure you that Move Free, MegaRed, Airborne or other of our products will maintain current sales levels over time. A significant decrease in Move Free, MegaRed or Airborne sales would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Other Schiff brand specialty supplement products include: 

other omega-3 products, such as Fish Oil; 

specialty products for men and women, such as Prostate Health and Folic Acid; and 

other specialty products, such as Melatonin Ultra, Niacin and Acidophilus. 
 
 Our Schiff brand vitamin products are designed to provide consumers with essential vitamins and minerals as supplements to healthy diet and exercise. Schiff brand vitamin products include: 

multivitamins, such as Single Day and Prime Years; 

individual vitamins, such as Mega-D3, Vitamin B and Vitamin C; and 

minerals, such as Calcium and Iron. 
 
 Our brands are marketed primarily in the mass market retail channel, with additional limited distribution in health food stores. Our products are sold domestically in leading retail outlets in all 50 states. Our mass market customers include: 

warehouse clubs, such as Costco, Sam's Club and BJ's; 
 3 

mass merchandisers, such as WalMart and Target; 

drug stores, such as Walgreens, CVS and Rite Aid; and 

supermarkets, such as Fred Meyer, Giant, Kroger, Publix, Safeway, Stop Shop, H-E-B and Raley's. 
 
 We service the health food market primarily through sales to leading health food retailers and distributors. 
 
 We also manufacture and distribute private label products primarily for certain retail customers where we sell our branded products. Private label products are sold to key retailers for distribution under their store brand names. Private label products primarily include specialty supplements, vitamins and minerals, such as joint care products, Vitamin B and Calcium Citrate. Private label business is highly competitive and price-sensitive, often subject to competitive bidding processes at the retailer's discretion, which could impact, potentially significantly, our overall net sales and profit margins. 
 
 Our largest customers are Costco and WalMart (including Sam's Club) and our concentration in these two customers is significant. Combined, these two customers accounted for 66 , 73 and 72 , respectively, of total net sales for fiscal 2012, 2011 and 2010. We cannot assure you that either Costco or WalMart will continue to be significant customers in the future. The loss of either Costco or WalMart as a customer, or a significant reduction in purchase volume by Costco or WalMart, would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We also export certain Schiff products, particularly in the joint care category, to various international markets. In certain countries where we have an existing relationship with a retailer, such as Costco, we sell our products directly to the retailer. We sell to independent distributors in countries where we do not have direct relationships with retailers. See Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for domestic and international net sales amounts. See Item 1 - Business - Government Regulation and Item 1A - Risk Factors for additional information relating to our export business. 
 
 We also market a line of nutrition bar products under the Tiger's Milk brand. The Tiger's Milk product line includes several nutrition bars that supply protein, vitamins and other essential nutrients with fewer calories than a traditional candy bar. The Tiger's Milk brand is intended to provide consumers with a healthy alternative to traditional snack foods and candy bars and is sold primarily through warehouse clubs, mass market retailers and convenience stores, with additional limited distribution in health food stores. 
 
 We believe our business is a single operating and reportable segment. See Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report, for more information concerning reportable segments and the geographic areas and channels in which we conduct our business. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Our sales force consists of dedicated sales professionals who are assigned to specific accounts, classes of trade and/or geographic territories. These sales professionals work directly with retailers and distributors to increase knowledge of our products and general nutritional supplement benefits, solicit orders for our products, maximize our shelf presence and provide related product sales assistance. We also utilize brokers to sell our products in certain accounts and classes of trade. 
 
 We market our products using a mix of trade and consumer promotions; television, internet, radio and print media advertising; and consumer education efforts. Our advertising and marketing expenditures, excluding promotional incentives reflected as reductions from gross sales or increases in cost of goods sold, were 44.5 million, 21.2 million and 20.2 million, respectively, for fiscal 2012, 2011 and 2010. Classification of promotional incentive costs as a reduction from gross sales or increase in cost of goods sold is required when the promotion effectively represents a price reduction or free goods. 
 
 During fiscal 2012, we significantly increased our investment in selling and marketing. We continued to utilize television, internet, magazine and other media in fiscal 2012, along with sampling campaigns. We substantially increased consumer and advertising spending for Move Free and MegaRed. We also provided significant advertising 
 4 

and other consumer marketing support for Digestive Advantage and Sustenex, our recently acquired probiotic products. Our overall level of trade spending, as a percentage of gross sales, decreased in fiscal 2012. We expect this trend to continue in fiscal 2013. 
 
 Another key component of our marketing strategy is to educate consumers and key influencer groups about our innovative and beneficial nutritional supplement products. We provide educational programs at conferences and trade, consumer and healthcare professional shows. Our web sites, including www.schiffvitamins.com , www.movefreeadvanced.com , www.schiffmegared.com , www.digestiveadvantage.com , www.airbornehealth.com and www.tigersmilk.com also provide additional educational information to consumers, customers and healthcare professionals. 
 
 Product Research and Development 
 
 We are committed to research and development to create new products, develop product line extensions for existing products, and develop more effective and efficient means of processing ingredients for use in products. New product development and process improvements are important to the nutritional supplement industry to create new market opportunities, meet consumer demand and strengthen relationships with customers. 
 
 We maintain an extensive research library and employ a variety of industry relationships to identify new research and development projects offering health and wellness benefits. To support our research and development efforts, we employ scientific and technical personnel, invest in formulation, processing and packaging development, perform product quality and stability studies, invest in product efficacy and safety studies, and conduct consumer market research to sample consumer opinions on product concepts, product design, packaging, advertising and marketing campaigns. For research and development initiatives, we conduct research and development in our own facility and with third parties. Product research and development expenses were 5.1 million, 4.0 million and 4.7 million, respectively, for fiscal 2012, 2011 and 2010. 
 
 Manufacturing and Product Quality 
 
 We manufacture the majority of our products in a capsule and tablet manufacturing facility in Salt Lake City, Utah, which also includes our main distribution center, administrative offices and nutrition bar manufacturing plant. Our Salt Lake City capsule and tablet facility is designed and operated to meet the current Good Manufacturing Practices GMPs as promulgated by the US FDA in 21 CFR Part III. In September 2009, we underwent our first Food and Drug Administration FDA inspection under the new Dietary Supplement GMP regulations, which concluded without the issuance of a Form FDA 483, Notice of Adverse Findings. 
 
 We participate in the United States Pharmacopeia USP Dietary Supplement Verification Program, pursuant to which our manufacturing facility has been certified as being compliant with GMPs promulgated by USP. We are also registered with NSF International NSF as being certified compliant with NSF GMPs as set forth in NSF/ANSI Standard 173-2003, Dietary Supplements, Section 8. We also underwent a GMP inspection for Complementary Medicines by the Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration TGA in connection with our introduction of Move Free into Australia. We received GMP certification from the TGA in May 2010. 
 
 Our manufacturing process generally consists of the following operations: (i) sourcing ingredients for products, (ii) testing and warehousing raw ingredients, (iii) measuring ingredients for inclusion in such products, (iv) granulating, blending and grinding ingredients into a mixture with a homogeneous consistency, (v) encapsulating, tableting, pouring, pouching, bagging or boxing the blended mixture into the appropriate dosage form using either automatic or semiautomatic equipment, and (vi) testing finished products prior to distribution. 
 
 Our bottling and packaging, counting, check weighing and filling operations are automated to promote accuracy and compliance with weights and measures regulations. We have invested in production line flexibility to accommodate various filling sizes, weights or counts of product and final shipped unit configurations to fulfill customer and ultimate consumer needs. The distribution center features a racked warehouse with fulfillment to certain customers and direct to consumer occurring 24 hours each business day. 
 
 We maintain and operate a Manufacturing Resource Planning MRP system that is integrated with distribution, warehousing and quality control, which provides real-time lot and quality tracking of raw materials, work in progress and finished goods. We manufactured approximately 60 of products we sold in fiscal 2012, based on net sales. We also have a working relationship with numerous outside manufacturers, including softgel and tablet manufacturers and 
 5 

packagers, and utilize these outside sources as needed. Manufacturing backlogs, to the extent they may occasionally exist, have not had a material impact on delivery time to the customer. 
 
 Our quality management systems are detailed and comprehensive, and include a supplier selection and certification process, raw material verification, analytical testing, weight deviation measurement, facility and process audits, and other procedures. The quality management systems also include a professionally equipped and staffed laboratory, enabling analysis of raw materials and finished goods for compliance to specifications. Our products are also subject to extensive shelf life stability testing through which we determine the effects of aging on our products. Outside laboratories are used routinely to evaluate our internal test laboratory performance and to supplement our internal testing procedures and capabilities. 
 
 We employ a purchasing staff that works with marketing, product development and quality control personnel to source raw materials for our products. The majority of the raw materials we use are imported from the Asia Pacific region, and the majority of the packaging materials we use are provided in the United States. We seek to mitigate the risk of a shortage of raw materials through our relationships with our principal suppliers, including identification and qualification of alternative suppliers for the same, or similar, raw materials where available. 
 
 We have a long-term supply and license agreement with our third-party supplier for a key ingredient used in our MegaRed product, which is essential to our business. While we have a contract in place providing for the continuing supply of this ingredient, we cannot assure you that the supplier will continue to supply this ingredient in the quantities or on the terms we require, or at all. See Item 1 - Business - Intellectual Property and Item 1A - Risk Factors. The failure of this supplier to deliver will impact our net sales and profit margins and may damage our reputation with our customers, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to secure an alternate supplier to provide this ingredient on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The market for the sale of nutritional supplements is highly fragmented and competitive. We believe that competition is based principally upon price, quality and efficacy of products, customer service, brand name and marketing and trade support, and successful new product introductions. 
 
 Our competition includes numerous nutritional supplement companies that are highly fragmented in terms of geographic market coverage, distribution channels and product categories. In addition, large pharmaceutical companies and packaged food and beverage companies compete with us in the nutritional supplement market. These companies and certain nutritional supplement companies have broader product lines and/or larger sales volumes than us and have greater financial and other resources available to them and possess extensive manufacturing, distribution and marketing capabilities. Other companies are able to compete more effectively due to a greater extent of vertical integration. Private label products of our customers, which in recent years have significantly increased in certain nutrition categories (including the joint care, omega-3 and immune support categories), compete directly with our products. In several product categories, private label items are the market share leaders. Increased competition from such companies, including private label pressures, particularly relating to the joint care, omega-3 and immune support categories, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Many companies within the industry are privately-held. Therefore, we are unable to assess the size of all of our competitors or where we rank in comparison to such privately-held competitors with respect to sales to retailers. As the nutritional supplement industry continues to evolve, we believe retailers will align themselves with suppliers who are financially stable, market a broad portfolio of products and/or well-known brands, provide quality assurance and offer superior customer service. We believe that we compete favorably with other nutritional supplement companies because of our financial stability, brand names, customer service, competitive pricing, sales and marketing support and quality of our product lines. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 The formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising, distribution and sale of our products are subject to the laws and regulations of federal governmental agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration FDA ), the Federal Trade Commission FTC ), the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the U.S. Consumer Products Safety Commission, the Environmental Protection Agency and the Postal Service, and also various agencies of the states, localities and countries in which we operate and sell our products. 
 6 

The FDA regulates foods and dietary supplements through the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA and amendments thereto, including the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990 NLEA the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994, as amended DSHEA and the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 FSMA ). The NLEA outlines the requirements for declaring the nutritional content of foods and dietary supplements. DSHEA establishes a statutory class of dietary supplements, including vitamins, minerals, herbs, amino acids and other dietary substances for human use to supplement the diet, as well as concentrates, metabolites, extracts or combinations of such dietary ingredients. FSMA requires the FDA to implement a variety of new regulations and enforcement policies, intended to better ensure the safety of food products marketed in the United States, including dietary supplements. 
 
 In June 2007, the FDA published final good manufacturing practices GMPs specifically for the dietary supplement industry. The effective compliance date for companies like ours with fewer than 500 employees but more than 20 employees was June 22, 2009. These GMPs are more detailed than the GMPs previously applicable to us and resulted in increased expenses, changes to our processes or products and/or implementation of additional recordkeeping and administrative procedures. Among other things, these GMPs: (i) require identity testing on all incoming dietary ingredients, (ii) call for a scientifically valid system for ensuring finished products meet all specifications, (iii) include requirements related to process controls, including statistical sampling of finished batches for testing and requirements for written procedures, and (iv) require extensive recordkeeping. We do not currently expect the incremental cost of ongoing compliance efforts to be material. 
 
 In September 2009, we underwent our first FDA inspection under the new Dietary Supplement GMP regulations, which concluded without the issuance of a Form FDA 483, Notice of Adverse Findings. While we believe we are currently in compliance with the GMPs, there can be no assurance that our operations or those of our suppliers will be in compliance in all respects at all times. Additionally, there is a potential risk of increased audits as the FDA and other regulators seek to ensure compliance with the GMPs. 
 
 In December 2006, Congress passed legislation requiring companies that manufacture or distribute over-the-counter OTC products or dietary supplements to report serious adverse events allegedly associated with their products to the FDA and institute recordkeeping procedures for all alleged adverse events (serious and non-serious). The legislation requires manufacturers and distributors of OTC products or dietary supplements to report to the FDA any serious adverse event reports received, even if the party making the report provides no medical or other information to the manufacturer or distributor. There is a risk that consumers, the press or government regulators could misinterpret adverse event reports as evidence of causation by the ingredient or product complained of, which could lead to consumer confusion, damage to our reputation, banned or recalled ingredients or products, increased insurance costs, class action litigation and a potential increase in product liability litigation, among other things. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 
 
 Generally, under DSHEA, dietary ingredients on the market before October 15, 1994 may be used without prior notification to the FDA. However, dietary ingredients not marketed prior to October 15, 1994 may be new dietary ingredients under DSHEA and may require a submission to the FDA at least 75 days prior to marketing such ingredient evidencing a history of use or other evidence of safety to establish that the ingredient will reasonably be expected to be safe. Recently, the FDA published draft guidance for industry regarding new dietary ingredient notifications. This draft guidance was open for public comment for approximately five months. In response to numerous public comments objecting to how the FDA proposed to implement the guidance, the FDA intends to re-evaluate and redraft certain portions of the guidance. The FDA has not provided a timeline in which new guidance will be published. We are unable to predict what the new guidance may require or what effect, if any, new dietary ingredient notification guidance will have on our business. We cannot assure you that the FDA will accept the evidence of safety for any new dietary ingredients that we may want to market, and the FDA's refusal to accept such evidence could prevent the marketing of such dietary ingredients. In addition, increased FDA enforcement could lead the FDA to challenge dietary ingredients already on the market as illegal under the FDCA because of the failure to file a new dietary ingredient notification. 
 
 DSHEA permits statements of nutritional support or structure/function claims for dietary supplements that may describe how particular dietary ingredients affect the structure, function or general well-being of the body or describe the mechanism of action by which dietary ingredients affect the foregoing. These structure/function claims may not address diseases or symptoms of disease, meaning that such statements may not claim to diagnose, treat, prevent, cure or mitigate an illness or disease, unless the claims are authorized by the FDA. A structure/function claim in 
 7 

advertising or on a product label must have substantiation that the claim is truthful and not misleading, and have a disclaimer that the statement has not been evaluated by the FDA and that the product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. We cannot assure you that a regulatory agency, court or other third party will not challenge one or more of our product claims or labels and take adverse action against us. 
 
 In addition, DSHEA provides that certain third-party literature, such as a reprint of a peer-reviewed scientific publication linking a particular dietary ingredient with health benefits, may be used in connection with the sale of a dietary supplement to consumers without the literature being subject to the same regulation as labeling. Such literature must not be false or misleading; the literature may not promote a particular manufacturer or brand of dietary supplement; and a balanced view of the available scientific information on the subject matter must be presented. We cannot assure you that all third-party literature that we would like to disseminate in connection with our products will satisfy each of these requirements, and failure to satisfy all requirements could prevent use of the literature or subject us to adverse actions by regulatory agencies or other third parties. 
 
 Although most of our products are classified as dietary supplements, some of our products are conventional foods, which are also subject to the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990 NLEA ). The NLEA prohibits health claims being made for a food without prior FDA approval and establishes requirements for ingredient and nutrition labeling. 
 
 The FTC exercises jurisdiction over the advertising of nutritional and dietary supplements under the Federal Trade Commission Act. In November 1998, the FTC published advertising guidelines for the dietary supplement industry entitled Dietary Supplements: An Advertising Guide for Industry. These guidelines reiterate many of the policies regarding dietary supplements the FTC has periodically announced over the years, particularly with respect to the substantiation of claims made in advertising of dietary supplement products. In the past several years, the FTC has instituted several enforcement actions against dietary supplement companies alleging false and misleading advertising of certain products. These enforcement actions have resulted in consent decrees and/or the payment of fines by certain of the companies involved. We entered into a consent decree with the FTC effective November 2000 governing diet and weight loss claims and certain disease, safety and comparative health benefit claims. In addition, Airborne, Inc., which we acquired on March 30, 2012, entered into a consent decree with the FTC in 2008 governing certain product representations and advertising claims for the Airborne products and imposing specific reporting and record keeping obligations. 
 
 The National Advertising Division NAD of the Council of Better Business Bureaus oversees an industry-sponsored self-regulatory system that permits competitors to resolve disputes over advertising claims. The NAD also has its own advertising monitoring program, and initiates its own challenges to advertising that it has reviewed. The NAD has no enforcement authority of its own, but may refer matters that the NAD views as violating FTC rules, regulations or guidance to the FTC for further action. In February 2009, we revised our MegaRed packaging, advertising, promotional materials and website to comply with the NAD's recommendations arising from a competitive challenge. We cannot assure you that in the future the NAD will not deem one or more of our advertising claims to be impermissible. 
 
 Federal agencies, primarily the FDA and FTC, have a variety of procedures and enforcement remedies available to them, including initiating investigations, issuing warning letters and cease and desist orders, requiring reformulation of products, requiring corrective labeling or advertising, requiring consumer redress (for example, requiring that a company provide full or partial refunds to consumers), seeking settlement relief in the form of consent decrees, seeking injunctive relief or product seizures, and imposing civil penalties or commencing criminal prosecution. In addition, certain state agencies have similar authority. These federal and state agencies have in the past used these remedies in regulating participants in the dietary supplement industry. In addition, the FDA has been able to generate a significant amount of media coverage when concerned about an ingredient or product. When the media covers such a story, the reputation of a company, product or ingredient may be seriously damaged, even if the information provided is incomplete or incorrect. 
 
 Our international activities are subject to regulation in each country in which we sell or distribute our products. In markets outside the United States, before commencing operations or marketing our products, we may be required to obtain approvals, licenses or certifications from a country's ministry of health or comparable agency. Approvals or licensing may be conditioned on reformulation of products or may be unavailable with respect to certain products or product ingredients. We must also comply with product labeling and packaging regulations that vary from country to country. Furthermore, the regulations of these countries may conflict with those in the United States and with each 
 8 

other, sometimes causing higher costs and expenses, product reformulations, and delay. In countries in which we do not have direct relationships with retailers, independent distributors generally have responsibility for compliance with applicable foreign laws and regulations. These distributors are independent contractors over whom we have limited control. 
 
 As a result of our efforts to comply with applicable statutes and regulations, from time to time we have reformulated, eliminated or relabeled certain of our products and revised certain aspects of our sales, marketing and advertising programs. We cannot assure you that we will not have to make such changes or revisions in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may be subject to additional laws or regulations by the FDA or other federal, state, county, local or foreign regulatory authorities, the repeal of laws or regulations which we consider favorable, such as DSHEA, or more stringent interpretations of current laws or regulations, from time to time in the future. There have been several new laws proposed at the federal level that we believe would be unfavorable to the dietary supplement industry and our company, if enacted as proposed. We are unable to predict the nature of such future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we predict what effect additional governmental regulations, legal proceedings or administrative orders, when and if promulgated or initiated, would have on our business in the future. Such changes could, however, require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards, the recall or discontinuance of certain products not able to be reformulated, additional recordkeeping requirements, expanded documentation of the properties of certain products, new or different labeling, additional scientific substantiation, additional personnel, or new or additional processes, procedures or requirements. Any or all of such changes or requirements and the related costs to comply with such changes or requirements could have a material adverse affect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Environmental Regulation 
 
 Our facilities and operations, in common with those of similar industries making similar products, are subject to many federal, state and local requirements, rules and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and of human health and safety, including regulating the discharge of materials into the environment. We examine ways to reduce our emissions and minimize waste and limit our exposure to any liabilities, as well as decrease costs related to environmental compliance. Costs to comply with current and anticipated environmental requirements, rules and regulations are not anticipated to be material when compared with our overall costs. Accordingly, we do not anticipate that such costs will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We have registered, or applied for, over 70 trademarks in the United States for our Schiff, Move Free, MegaRed, Airborne and Tiger's Milk brands and certain of our products and slogans. We also license rights for trademarks material to our business, including Move Free, and for the use of our brand names, including Schiff and Tiger's Milk, in certain countries outside of North America. However, the protection available in foreign jurisdictions may not be as extensive as the protection available to us in the United States. 
 
 We rely on common law trademark rights to protect our unregistered trademarks. Common law trademark rights do not provide us with the same level of protection as afforded by a United States trademark registration. In addition, common law trademark rights have geographic limitations. 
 
 Our trademarks are an important component of our brand-building strategy. We regard our trademarks and other proprietary rights as valuable assets and believe they have significant value in marketing our products. United States registered trademarks have a perpetual life as long as they are renewed on a timely basis and are used properly as trademarks, subject to the rights of third parties to seek cancellation of the trademarks if they claim priority or confusion of usage. 
 
 Although we typically do not enter into long-term contracts with our suppliers, we have long-term supply and/or license agreements with third-party suppliers for key ingredients used in certain of our products, including our MegaRed product. Our MegaRed product is essential to our business and contains a key ingredient, the rights for which we license from a third-party supplier pursuant to a long term supply agreement. The agreement provides us with certain exclusive and non-exclusive rights to use the key ingredient in certain fields of use, sales channels and territories. The agreement requires the third-party supplier to supply certain guaranteed minimum quantities of the key ingredient and requires us, subject to certain exceptions, to purchase all of our requirements for the key ingredient from the third- 
 9 

party supplier. The agreement also provides us with a right of first negotiation regarding the expansion of our exclusive rights into other fields of use, channels of trade and territories as well as the marketing of blended and formulation products using the key ingredient and new products developed by the third-party supplier. The agreement also allows us to use on a non-exclusive basis certain trademarks of the third-party supplier and grants us a flow-through license under certain U.S. patents. The term of the agreement extends to June 30, 2016, after which there are one-year extensions unless a party provides six months notice of non-renewal. The agreement may be terminated by either party under certain circumstances, including upon the other party's breach of the agreement and failure to cure such breach within a prescribed time period. We cannot assure you that our supplier will prevail in preventing third parties from selling the key ingredient in the third parties' competing products at a lower cost. We also cannot assure you that we will be able to extend the agreement beyond its expiration date. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition. 
 
 Backlog 
 
 Sales are made primarily pursuant to frequently recurring purchase orders for delivery within a relatively short period of time. These orders generally may be revised or canceled without penalty. In light of current industry practice and experience, we do not believe that backlog information is necessarily indicative of actual sales for any succeeding period. 
 
 Employees 
 
 At May 31, 2012, we employed 393 persons, of whom 206 were in management, sales, purchasing, logistics and administration and 187 were in manufacturing operations. In addition, we utilize temporary employees in some of our manufacturing operations. We are not party to any collective bargaining arrangements and believe that our relationship with our employees is good. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

A significant portion of our total net sales are dependent upon our Move Free, MegaRed and Airborne products, and a significant decrease in sales of these products would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition . Our Move Free, MegaRed and Airborne products account for a significant portion of our total net sales. We cannot assure you that our Move Free, MegaRed or Airborne products will maintain sales or margin levels over time. A significant decrease in Move Free, MegaRed or Airborne sales would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Two of our customers account for a substantial portion of our net sales, and the loss of, or decreased purchases by, one or both of these customers would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition . Our largest customers are Costco and WalMart (including Sam's Club). Combined, these two customers accounted for 66 , 73 and 72 , respectively, of total net sales for fiscal 2012, 2011 and 2010. We do not have agreements to supply products for most of our sales to Costco and WalMart and, therefore, we cannot assure you that either Costco or WalMart will continue to be significant customers in the future. The loss of either Costco or WalMart as a customer, or a significant reduction in purchase volume by Costco or WalMart, would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Unfavorable publicity or consumer perception of our products and any similar products distributed by other companies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition . We believe sales of our products are highly dependent on consumer perception of the safety, quality and efficacy of our products as well as similar or other nutritional supplement products distributed and sold by other companies. Consumer perception of our products can be significantly influenced by scientific research or findings, regulatory investigations, litigation, national media attention, and other publicity regarding our products and other nutritional supplements, including publicity regarding the legality, safety or quality of particular ingredients or products or the nutritional supplement market in general. From time to time, there is unfavorable publicity, scientific research or findings, litigation, regulatory proceedings and other media attention regarding our industry. There has recently been unfavorable publicity regarding FDA action against nutritional supplement companies based on adverse events alleged to be caused by products sold by these companies. In recent years, there has also been unfavorable publicity regarding items imported from China, where we source a large amount of our raw materials. There can be no assurance that future publicity, scientific research or findings, litigation, regulatory proceedings, or media attention will be favorable to the nutritional supplement market or any particular product or ingredient, or consistent with earlier publicity, scientific research or 
 10 

findings, litigation, regulatory proceedings or media attention. Adverse publicity, scientific research or findings, litigation, regulatory proceedings or media attention, whether or not accurate, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and may lead to increased scrutiny of our operations by federal, state or other regulatory agencies, requiring further management attention and potential legal fees and other expenses. In addition, adverse publicity, reports or other media attention regarding the safety, quality, or efficacy of our products or ingredients or nutritional supplement products or ingredients in general, or associating the consumption of our products or ingredients or nutritional supplement products or ingredients in general with illness or other adverse effects, whether or not scientifically supported or accurate, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry, in which increased competition and pricing pressures could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition . The market for the sale of nutritional supplements is highly competitive. Many of our principal competitors have greater financial and other resources available to them and possess extensive manufacturing, distribution and marketing capabilities. Other competitors are more vertically integrated than we are. Additional national or international companies may enter or increase their presence (through acquisition or organic growth) in our industry. Private label products of our customers, the number of which in recent years has significantly increased in certain nutritional supplement categories, also create significant pricing pressure and competition with our products. Because nutritional supplements can be purchased in various channels of distribution, we also compete with products sold outside of the mass market retail channel, including health food stores, direct sales, direct mail and internet distribution channels. Increased competition, including expansion of private label products, or increased pricing pressure, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Among other factors, competition among manufacturers, distributors and retailers of nutritional supplements is based upon price. Because of the high degree of price competition, we generally have not been able to pass along increases in raw material prices to our customers. If one or more of our competitors significantly reduce their prices in order to gain market share (particularly relating to the joint care and omega-3 categories), or if raw material prices increase and we are unable to pass along the increased cost to our customers (particularly relating to the joint care and omega-3 categories), our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Increased private label bidding activity could negatively impact net sales and profit margins, potentially significantly. We manufacture and distribute private label (store brand) products for certain retail customers where we sell branded products. There has been a significant increase in bidding activity for the manufacture of private label nutritional supplements distributed in mass market retail accounts since January 2010. The competitive bidding activity is expected to continue. As a result of the bidding process, we no longer manufacture certain products that represented a significant portion of our private label business. We expect to continue to participate in the bidding processes for products we believe will contribute to the success of our business although we cannot predict how many new products we will win or how many existing products we will lose. The increased private label bidding activity could negatively impact our sales and profit margins. 
 
 Increases in prices of raw materials could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Raw materials account for a significant portion of our manufacturing costs. We have encountered material fluctuations in the pricing of key raw materials in the past. Historically, we generally have not been able to pass along raw material price increases. Significant increases in raw material prices could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are dependent on third-party suppliers. We acquire all of our raw materials for the manufacture of our products from third parties. We cannot assure you that suppliers will provide the raw materials we need in the quantities requested, at a price we are willing to pay or that meet our quality standards and labeling requirements. This could cause product shortages and back orders, damaging our reputation and resulting in a loss of net sales and profitability. 
 
 We typically do not enter into long-term contracts with our suppliers. However, we have long-term supply and/or license agreements with third-party suppliers for key ingredients used in our Move Free, MegaRed, Digestive Advantage, Sustenex and Airborne products. While the contracts provide for the continuing supply of these ingredients, we cannot assure you that the suppliers will continue to supply these ingredients in the quantities or on the terms we require, or at all. See Item 1 - Business - Intellectual Property. 
 
 11 

In addition, from time to time, we enter into forward purchase commitments regarding certain raw materials. We cannot assure you that the suppliers will supply the raw materials in accordance with the terms of the forward purchase commitments, or at all. For certain ingredients, we do not have alternate suppliers. Any significant failure to supply or changes in the material terms of supply by the Move Free, MegaRed, Digestive Advantage, Sustenex and Airborne key ingredient suppliers or our other raw materials suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to potential delays in the delivery of raw materials caused by events beyond our control, including, among other factors, strikes or labor disputes, transportation interruptions, capacity issues at supplier factories, weather-related events, natural disasters or other catastrophic events and changes in government regulations. Any significant delay in or disruption of the supply of raw materials could, among other things, substantially increase the cost of such materials, require reformulation or repackaging of products, require the qualification of new suppliers, or result in our inability to meet customer demands for certain products. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We acquire a significant amount of key ingredients for our products from foreign suppliers, and may be negatively affected by the risks associated with international trade and importation issues. We acquire a significant amount of key ingredients for a number of our products from suppliers outside of the United States. Accordingly, the acquisition of these ingredients is subject to the risks generally associated with importing raw materials, including, among other factors, delays in shipments, changes in economic and political conditions, quality assurance, nonconformity to specifications or laws and regulations, tariffs, trade disputes and foreign currency fluctuations. While we have a supplier certification program and periodically audit and inspect our suppliers' facilities both in the United States and internationally, we cannot assure you that raw materials received from suppliers outside of the United States will conform to all specifications, laws and regulations. There have in the past been quality and safety issues in our industry with certain items imported from the Asia Pacific region. We may incur additional expenses and experience shipment delays due to preventative measures adopted by the foreign and United States governments, our suppliers and our company. 
 
 In addition, the discovery of Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy, commonly referred to as mad cow disease, in a country from which we obtain a significant amount of our raw materials (particularly related to the joint care category) derived from bovine sources could prevent us from purchasing such raw materials in the required quantities, at an acceptable price or at all. The occurrence of any of the foregoing, particularly with respect to raw materials needed for our joint care products, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our inability or failure to protect our intellectual property and proprietary techniques or our infringement of others' intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Although the nutritional supplement industry has historically been characterized by products with naturally occurring ingredients in capsule or tablet form, it has become more common for suppliers and competitors to apply for patents or develop proprietary technologies and processes. Although we make efforts not to infringe the intellectual property rights of others, there can be no assurance that third parties will not assert intellectual property infringement claims against us or our intellectual property licensors. Such claims of intellectual property infringement may require us to enter into costly royalty or license agreements, which we may be unable to obtain on terms acceptable to us or at all. These claims could also be costly, cause reputational injury and divert the attention of management and key personnel. To the extent that these developments prevent us from, or increase the cost of, offering or supplying competitive products or our licensed proprietary ingredients in the marketplace, or result in litigation or threatened litigation against us related to alleged or actual infringement of third-party rights, this could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We protect our intellectual property related to investments in research and development by relying on trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements with third parties who have access to information about our research and development activities. When we license our trademarks, proprietary ingredients or other intellectual property from a third party, we typically have contractual rights to require the licensor to adequately protect our intellectual property interests. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee that such measures will be sufficient to protect our interests. 
 
 Our Move Free, MegaRed, Digestive Advantage and Sustenex products contain key ingredients, the rights for which we license from third-party suppliers pursuant to long-term supply and/or license agreements. Our suppliers have patents and patents pending relating to the key ingredients, and have granted us exclusive and non-exclusive rights to market and sell products containing the ingredients in certain territories and classes of trade. However, we 
 12 

cannot assure you that our suppliers will prevail in preventing third parties from selling the key ingredients in competing products at lower cost. This could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. See Item 1 - Business - Manufacturing and Product Quality and Item 1 - Business - Intellectual Property. 
 
 In addition, we have registered, or applied for, over 70 trademarks in the United States for our Schiff, Move Free, MegaRed, Airborne and Tiger's Milk brands and certain of our products and slogans, and have rights for trademarks material to our business in certain countries outside of North America. Our policy is to pursue registrations for certain trademarks associated with our key products (though we continue to rely on common law trademark rights to protect our unregistered marks) and to protect our trademarks against infringement. However, there can be no assurance that infringing products could not be marketed without our knowledge or consent. Further, to the extent we rely upon foreign or common law protections for our marks, we may not be provided with as extensive protection as is afforded by a United States federal registration. If we are unable to effectively protect our trademark rights, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. See Item 1 - Business - Intellectual Property. 
 
 Our international sales expose us to certain risks associated with international commerce which could adversely affect our business. Our international sales efforts are comprised of selling products, particularly our joint care products, from the United States on an export basis to retail customers or distributors abroad. Operating in international markets exposes us to certain risks, including, among others, difficulty in understanding and complying with foreign regulations, changes in or interpretations of foreign regulations that may further limit our ability to sell certain products or ingredients in certain countries, the potential imposition of trade or foreign exchange restrictions or increased tariffs, difficulties in enforcement of contractual obligations, difficulty in collecting international accounts receivable, potentially longer payment cycles, and political instability. We are often required to reformulate our products before commencing distribution in a given country. We must comply with various and changing local labeling, customs and other regulations. Trademark rights are often difficult to obtain and enforce in countries outside the United States. There is also no assurance that we will be able to obtain and retain the necessary permits and approvals required for our international efforts. The importance of these and other risks relating to exporting goods to foreign countries increases as our export business grows and expands. Our inability to successfully launch products and maintain sales (especially in the joint care and omega-3 categories) outside of the United States while maintaining the integrity of the products sold and complying with local regulations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our failure to appropriately respond to changing consumer preferences and demand for new products or our failure to develop and/or sustain new products could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition . We believe our ability to grow in existing markets is partially dependent upon our ability to introduce new and innovative products and product enhancements. The development and commercialization process, particularly relating to innovative products, is both time-consuming and costly and involves a high degree of business risk. Although we seek to introduce additional products each year, the success of new products or product enhancements is subject to a number of variables, including developing products that will appeal to customers, be successfully commercialized in a timely manner, be priced competitively, be differentiated from those of our competitors, and comply with applicable regulations. The inability to successfully implement or maintain marketing and spending programs, a consistent supply of raw material, competitive claims or strategic initiatives in support of our branded products or product enhancements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that our efforts to develop and introduce new products or existing product innovations will be successful, that customers will accept new products, or, if accepted, that customers will continue to sell the new products. The failure to successfully launch, gain distribution or maintain distribution for new product offerings or product enhancements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 If we experience material product liability claims, FDA action or other litigation, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition . As a manufacturer and distributor of products designed to be ingested, we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims, FDA action and litigation if our products are alleged to have caused loss or injury. In addition, the manufacture and sale of our products involve the risk of injury to consumers due to tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination. Our products consist of vitamins, minerals, herbs and other ingredients that are classified as dietary supplements or foods, and generally are not subject to pre-market regulatory approval in the United States. Some of our products contain ingredients that do not have long histories of human consumption. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from human consumption of these, other of our ingredients, or combinations of ingredients could occur. We have been, 
 13 

and in the future may be, subject to various product liability claims, including, among others, that our products caused injury or illness, that our products include inadequate instructions for use, or that our products include inadequate warnings concerning possible side effects or interactions with other substances. Recently, the FDA has taken a more aggressive approach to enforcement. A product liability claim or FDA action against us could result in increased costs, could adversely affect our reputation with our customers and consumers, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are party to various lawsuits that arise in the ordinary course of business and may become party to others. It is possible that future litigation could arise, or that developments could occur in existing litigation, that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may be unable to obtain sufficient insurance coverage to cover losses we may incur. We maintain insurance relating to the operation of our business, including, among other coverages, property, general and product liability, workers' compensation and directors' and officers' liability policies. However, our insurance coverage is subject to large individual claim deductibles for certain policies, individual claim and aggregate policy limits, exclusions and other terms and conditions. In addition, our current product liability coverage excludes claims relating to certain categories of products and products that contain certain ingredients. Certain damages in litigation, such as punitive damages, also are generally not covered by insurance. We cannot assure you that our insurance will be sufficient to cover our losses, that future insurance coverage will not contain additional exclusions or limitations, that we will be able to continue to obtain insurance coverage, or that insurance coverage will be available at an economically reasonable cost. In the event that we do not have adequate or any insurance, product liability claims, litigation or other losses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our failure to comply with existing or new regulations, both in the United States and abroad, or an adverse action regarding product formulation, claims or advertising could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition . Our business operations, including the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising, distribution and sale of our products, are subject to regulation by various, federal, state and local government entities and agencies, particularly the FDA and FTC, in the United States as well as foreign entities and agencies. See Item 1 - Business - Government Regulation. From time to time we may be subject to challenges to our marketing, advertising or product claims in litigation or governmental, administrative or other regulatory proceedings. Failure to comply with applicable regulations or withstand such challenges could result in changes in product labeling, packaging, or advertising, product reformulations, discontinuation of our product by retailers, loss of market acceptance of the product by consumers, additional recordkeeping requirements, injunctions, product withdrawals, recalls, product seizures, fines, monetary settlements or criminal prosecution. Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. As a result of our efforts to comply with applicable statutes and regulations, from time to time we have reformulated, eliminated or relabeled certain of our products and revised certain aspects of our sales, marketing and advertising programs. We cannot assure you that we will not have to make such changes or revisions in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In June 2007, the FDA published extensive GMPs for dietary supplements. See Item 1 - Business - Government Regulation. The effective compliance date for companies like ours with fewer than 500 employees was June 22, 2009. While we do not currently expect the cost of ongoing compliance efforts to be material, we cannot assure you that, in complying with the GMPs, we will not incur substantial costs that may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, or that our operations or those of our suppliers will be in compliance in all respects at all times. Additionally, there is a potential risk of increased audits as the FDA and other regulators seek to ensure compliance with the GMPs. 
 
 In markets outside the United States, before commencing operations or marketing our products, we may be required to obtain approvals, licenses or certifications from a country's ministry of health or comparable agency. Approvals or licensing may be conditioned on reformulation of products or may be unavailable with respect to certain products or product ingredients. We must also comply with product labeling and packaging regulations that vary from country to country. Furthermore, the regulations of these countries may conflict with those in the United States and with each other. The cost of complying with these various and potentially conflicting regulations can be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may also be subject to additional laws or regulations administered by federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities, the repeal or amendment of laws or regulations which we consider favorable, such as DSHEA, or more 
 14 

stringent interpretations of current laws or regulations. Additional or more stringent legislation and regulations regarding the nutritional supplement industry have recently been proposed. We are unable to predict the nature of such future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we predict what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative orders, when and if promulgated, would have on our business in the future. Any or all of these requirements and the related costs to comply with such requirements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 If we experience product recalls or a significant amount of product returns, we may incur significant and unexpected costs, and our business reputation could be materially adversely affected. Manufacturers and distributors of products in our industry are sometimes subject to the recall or return of their products for a variety of reasons, including product defects, such as ingredient contamination, unintended harmful side effects or interactions with other ingredients, packaging safety and inadequate or inaccurate labeling disclosure. If any of our products are recalled due to an alleged product defect or for any other reason, we could be required to incur the unexpected expense of the recall and any legal proceedings that might arise in connection with the recall. We may lose a significant amount of sales and we may not be able to replace those sales. In addition, a product recall may require significant management attention. We acquire all of our raw materials for the manufacture of our products from third parties. In addition, certain products we sell are produced by third-party manufacturers. Although we have procedures in place for qualifying suppliers and contract manufacturers, and for testing raw materials and finished products, we cannot assure you that any quality, potency or contamination problems will be detected in time to avoid unforeseen product recalls, FDA action or lawsuits. Additionally, if one of our significant brands were subject to recall, the image of that brand and our company could be harmed. A recall for any of the foregoing reasons could lead to decreased demand for our products and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, product recalls may lead to increased scrutiny of our operations by federal, state or other regulatory agencies, requiring further management attention and potential legal fees and other expenses. 
 
 We are dependent on a single manufacturing facility, and any material disruptions could adversely affect our business. We manufacture a significant amount of the products we sell at our manufacturing facility in Salt Lake City, Utah. Accordingly, we are highly dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our manufacturing facility. Power failures, the breakdown, failure or substandard performance of equipment, the improper installation or operation of equipment, workforce disruptions, natural or other disasters, or the failure to comply with laws or regulations or the requirements or directives of government agencies, including the FDA, could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. While we do carry business interruption insurance, we cannot assure you that our coverage will be sufficient to cover losses from these types of business disruptions or that this insurance will continue to be available to us at an acceptable price, if at all. 
 
 If we are unable to consummate successful strategic transactions in the future, or integrate businesses we acquire, our business could be adversely affected. An element of our strategy includes expanding our product offerings, gaining shelf space, enhancing business development and gaining access to new skills and other resources through strategic acquisitions, investments or other transactions when attractive opportunities arise. We cannot assure you that attractive transaction opportunities will be available to us, that we will be able to obtain financing for or otherwise consummate any transactions or that any transactions which are consummated will prove to be successful. Managing acquisitions, including our recent acquisition of Airborne, Inc. as well as any future acquisitions, entails numerous operational and financial risks, including: the anticipated financial performance and estimated cost savings and other synergies as a result of the acquisitions may not materialize; the inability to retain or replace key employees of any acquired businesses or hire enough qualified personnel to staff any new or expanded operations; the impairment of relationships with key customers of acquired businesses due to changes in management and ownership of the acquired businesses; the exposure to federal, state, local and foreign tax liabilities in connection with any acquisition or the integration of any acquired businesses; the exposure to unknown liabilities; the fluctuation of quarterly and annual operating results due to higher than expected acquisition and integration costs; the combining of operations and personnel of acquired businesses with our own, which could be difficult and costly; and the risk of entering new markets. 
 
 We are subject to FTC consent decrees and a number of state consent agreements which impose restrictions and obligations upon us and could have a material adverse effect on our business. On March 30, 2012, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of Airborne, Inc., which is subject to an FTC consent decree entered into in 2008, and 32 consent agreements that settle lawsuits brought by individual state Attorneys General. The FTC consent decree and state consent agreements, among other things, prohibit certain product representations and advertising claims and impose specific reporting and recordkeeping obligations. In addition, we are subject to an FTC consent decree entered into in 2000 governing diet and weight loss claims and certain disease, safety and comparative 
 15 

health benefit claims. Any determination that Airborne has, or we have, violated these obligations could result in enforcement, including substantial monetary penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are currently party to a 200.0 million credit facility, and may enter into other debt arrangements in the future, each of which may subject us to restrictive covenants which could limit our ability to operate our business. We are party to a 200.0 million credit facility that imposes various restrictions and covenants on us that limits our ability to pay dividends, enter into any mergers, consolidations or sales of property and incur additional debt. In the future, we may incur additional indebtedness through arrangements such as credit agreements or term loans that may also impose similar restrictions and covenants. We cannot assure you that we will be able to satisfy or comply with the provisions, covenants, financial tests and ratios of our existing credit facility or other debt arrangements we may enter into in the future. Our failure to satisfy or comply with such provisions, covenants, financial tests and ratios would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 If we lose key personnel or are unable to attract and fill key positions, our business could be materially adversely affected. Our continued success will depend largely on the efforts and abilities of our senior management, many of whom are recent additions, and certain other key employees. The loss or limitation of the services of any of our key management employees, or the inability to attract additional qualified personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Disruptions or failures in our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our success is dependent on the accuracy, reliability and proper use of sophisticated and dependable information processing systems and management information technology. Our information technology systems are designed and selected in order to facilitate order entry and customer billing, maintain customer records, accurately track purchases, manage accounting, finance and manufacturing operations, generate reports, and provide customer service and technical support. A disruption, infiltration or failure of our information technology systems as a result of software or hardware malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber attacks, employee theft or misuse, power disruptions, natural disasters or accidents could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our security procedures, such as virus protection software and our business continuity planning, such as our disaster recovery policies and back-up systems, may not be adequate or implemented properly to fully address the adverse effect of such events, which could have a material adverse on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are controlled by our principal stockholders . Weider Health and Fitness WHF owns all of our outstanding shares of Class B common stock, representing over 75 of the aggregate voting power of all outstanding shares of our common stock. In addition, pursuant to a stockholders agreement entered into by WHF and a subsidiary of TPG Growth TPG ), the middle market buyout and growth platform of TPG, a global private investment firm, two TPG representatives were appointed to serve as directors on our Board of Directors and WHF agreed to take certain corporate actions only with the prior written consent of TPG. One of our directors also serves on the board of directors of WHF. Together, WHF and TPG are in a position to exercise control over us and to determine the outcome of all matters required to be submitted to stockholders for approval (except as otherwise provided by law or by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws) and otherwise to direct and control our operations. Accordingly, we cannot engage in any strategic transactions without the approval of WHF and TPG. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

We do not have any unresolved comments from the SEC staff. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

At May 31, 2012, we leased a facility in Salt Lake City, Utah, which serves as our principal offices and includes manufacturing, warehousing and distribution functions. This facility contains approximately 418,000 square feet. In June 2012, we amended the Salt Lake City facility lease agreement. The amendment extended the lease term to January 2023 and, effective February 1, 2013, will reduce the square footage leased to approximately 330,000 square feet. We also lease a smaller facility in Emeryville, California, which serves as offices for a number of our executive 
 16 

officers and other personnel. We also lease sales offices in Bentonville, Arkansas and Minneapolis, Minnesota and a materials sourcing office in Shanghai, China. We believe these facilities are adequate to meet our current corporate, manufacturing, warehousing and distribution needs. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are involved in various legal actions that arise in the normal course of business. Although ultimate liability cannot be determined at the present time, based on available information, we do not believe the resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. However, it is possible that future litigation could arise, or that developments could occur in existing litigation, that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are engaged in litigation concerning advertising statements relating to our Move Free Advanced products. In a case filed in May 2011 and pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California Lerma ), the plaintiff has brought two California statutory claims (under the Consumer Legal Remedies Act and the Unfair Competition Law) and a common law breach of express warranty claim, each of which alleges false or misleading advertising by us. The plaintiff seeks to certify a class, which would consist of all California residents who purchased Move Free Advanced within the class period. The plaintiff seeks actual damages, punitive damages and injunctive relief on behalf of this purported class. In another case filed in December 2011 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division Pearson ), the plaintiff alleged violations of the Illinois Consumer Fraud Act and similar consumer fraud statutes of certain other states relating to our advertising for Move Free Advanced, as well as personal injury and negligence claims. In Pearson , the plaintiff sought to certify a class consisting of purchasers of Move Free Advanced within the applicable statute of limitations period or, alternatively, all Illinois residents who purchased these products within the applicable limitations period. The plaintiff also sought actual damages, medical monitoring and attorneys' fees. In February 2012, Pearson was voluntarily dismissed. In March 2012, the plaintiff in Lerma was granted leave of court to add the Pearson named plaintiff and his allegations and claims to the Lerma case. All of the plaintiffs' claims on behalf of respective proposed classes are now pending in Lerma . We dispute the plaintiffs' allegations and intend to vigorously defend ourselves in the litigation. At this time, however, we are unable to determine the amount of loss, if any, from these matters. 
 
 We establish liabilities when a particular contingency is probable and estimable. As of May 31, 2012, it is reasonably possible that exposure to loss exists in excess of amounts accrued. However, such amount, if any, cannot be currently estimated. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 
 
 17 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our Class A common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SHF. The high and low closing prices, unadjusted for any dividends declared, of our Class A common stock for each quarter of fiscal 2012 and 2011 are set forth below: 
 Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2012: 
 High 
 
 Low 
 First Quarter 
 
 11.62 

8.91 
 
 Second Quarter 
 12.94 

9.01 
 
 Third Quarter 
 12.18 

9.24 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 17.00 

10.11 

Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2011: 
 High 
 
 Low 
 First Quarter 
 
 8.98 

6.77 
 
 Second Quarter 
 8.72 

7.60 
 
 Third Quarter 
 9.08 

6.94 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 9.95 

8.44 

There is no active trading market for our Class B common stock, which is owned entirely by WHF. 
 
 In September 2010, our Board of Directors approved a 0.70 per share special cash dividend, which was paid on October 26, 2010 to stockholders of record of Class A and Class B common stock at the close of business on September 23, 2010. In connection with the declaration of the special dividend, our Board of Directors approved dividend equivalent rights, allowing holders (employees and directors) of certain equity awards, including stock options and restricted stock units, to receive cash dividends on each share of common stock underlying the stock options and restricted stock units. As of September 23, 2010, the record date, we had an aggregate of 29.8 million shares of common stock outstanding (including shares of common stock underlying equity awards subject to dividend equivalent rights), including 27.8 million shares of outstanding Class A and Class B common stock, 1.0 million shares of Class A common stock underlying outstanding stock options, and 1.0 million shares of Class A common stock underlying outstanding restricted stock units. The aggregate amount of the special dividend was 20.9 million, presuming 100 vesting of shares underlying equity awards; 10.4 million for holders of Class A common stock, including 1.4 million for Class A common stock underlying equity awards, and 10.5 million for the holder of Class B common stock. 
 
 The special dividend noted above was funded from cash and cash equivalents. All of the restricted stock and restricted stock units outstanding as of the dividend record date were vested as of May 31, 2012. However, with respect to the vested restricted stock units for which the issuance of shares underlying these restricted stock units has been deferred, the dividends will not be distributed until after the deferred shares are issued. 
 
 Our Board of Directors will determine dividend policy in the future based upon, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant at the time. In addition, our credit facility contains certain customary terms and conditions, including financial covenants, that may limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. See Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We can give no assurance that we will pay dividends in the future. 
 
 The closing price of our Class A common stock on August 9, 2012 was 19.45. The approximate number of stockholders of record of our Class A common stock on August 9, 2012 was 237. WHF owns all of the 7,486,574 outstanding shares of our Class B common stock. 
 
 18 

The following performance graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or incorporated by reference into any filing of Schiff Nutrition under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 
 The following graph provides a five-year comparison of cumulative total stockholder return for Schiff Nutrition International, Inc.'s Class A common stock, the S P 500 Index and a customized peer group of five companies that includes: Atrium Innovations Inc., Nature's Sunshine Products Inc., Nutraceutical International Corp., USANA Health Sciences Inc. and Vitamin Shoppe, Inc. The graph tracks the performance of a 100 investment in our Class A common stock, the S P 500 Index and the peer group (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from May 31, 2007 to May 31, 2012. 

5/31/07 
 5/31/08 
 5/31/09 
 5/31/10 
 5/31/11 
 5/31/12 
 Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. 

100.00 

114.66 

88.69 

149.74 

220.89 

382.96 
 
 S P 500 Index 
 
 100.00 
 
 93.30 
 
 62.92 
 
 76.12 
 
 95.87 
 
 95.48 
 
 Peer Group 
 
 100.00 
 
 78.74 
 
 65.22 
 
 84.19 
 
 101.66 
 
 111.21 

The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

19 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 
 
 2008 
 Operating Statement Data (1) : 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Net sales 
 
 258,911 

213,648 

204,887 

190,691 

176,914 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 139,553 

132,472 

119,837 

123,861 

102,491 
 
 Gross profit 
 119,358 

81,176 

85,050 

66,830 

74,423 
 
 Operating expenses 
 93,896 

60,983 

56,240 

51,644 

58,059 
 
 Income from operations 
 25,462 

20,193 

28,810 

15,186 

16,364 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Interest, net 
 (2,739) 
 
 (258) 
 
 (176) 
 
 765 

1,917 
 
 Other, net 
 78 

(45) 
 
 8 

(4) 
 
 13 
 
 Total other income (expense), net 
 (2,661) 
 
 (303) 
 
 (168) 
 
 761 

1,930 
 
 Income before income taxes 
 22,801 

19,890 

28,642 

15,947 

18,294 
 
 Income tax expense 
 9,074 

7,248 

10,196 

5,617 

6,992 
 
 Net income 
 
 13,727 

12,642 

18,446 

10,330 

11,302 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 
 29,296 

28,986 

28,360 

27,333 

26,636 
 
 Diluted 
 29,447 

29,252 

28,928 

28,638 

28,000 
 
 Net income per share: 

Basic 
 
 0.47 

0.44 

0.65 

0.38 

0.42 
 
 Diluted 
 
 0.47 

0.43 

0.64 

0.36 

0.40 
 
 Cash dividends declared per common share 

0.70 

1.00 

1.50 

At May 31, 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 
 
 2008 
 Balance Sheet Data (1) : 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 8,607 

39,547 

31,768 

52,648 

45,979 
 
 Working capital 
 52,025 

79,621 

79,417 

92,215 

81,481 
 
 Total assets 
 332,266 

132,566 

129,980 

130,197 

124,486 
 
 Total debt (2) 
 135,762 

Total stockholders' equity 
 113,179 

96,460 

100,448 

109,693 

99,487 

(1) 
 Operating results for fiscal 2012 and the balance sheet at May 31, 2012 reflect the impact of two acquisitions, including the establishment of a new credit facility. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for description and impact of acquisitions. 
 
 (2) 
 Total debt is net of 6,238 in unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Item 1A - Risk Factors. In addition, historical results are not necessarily indicative of operating results for future periods. 

20 

Overview 
 
 Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. is a leading nutritional supplement company offering vitamins, nutrition supplements and nutrition bars in the United States and abroad. Our portfolio of well-known brands, including MegaRed , Move Free , Airborne , Tiger's Milk , Sustenex , Digestive Advantage and Schiff Vitamins, is marketed primarily through the mass market (including club) and, to a lesser extent, health food store, distribution channels. 
 
 According to the Nutrition Business Journal, the market for vitamins, minerals, supplements and herbs in the United States was estimated to be approximately 28.7 billion in 2010 (the most recent year for which data is available). We believe that the market has reached its present size due to a number of factors, including increased interest in health and wellness, increased awareness of the health benefits of dietary supplements, a growing population of older Americans, successful new product introductions, and a trend towards preventative measures and healthy living. 
 
 In recent years, nutritional supplement companies, analysts, publications and other industry sources have referenced a slower growth rate, particularly in terms of sales dollar growth, in the nutritional supplement industry. We believe that the slower growth rate is due in part to, among other factors, increased competition, including increasing competition from pharmaceutical and food companies, increased market and pricing competition, including from private label products, the general economic slowdown in the United States, negative publicity regarding certain nutritional supplement ingredients and companies, and the general maturing of the industry. 
 
 Our Schiff brand, including Move Free, MegaRed and other specialty vitamins, minerals and supplements, has historically accounted for approximately 65 to 75 of total net sales. Historically, Move Free and other joint care category products constituted approximately 35 to 50 of total net sales. Since its introduction in fiscal 2008, MegaRed net sales, and the overall omega-3 category, have grown significantly. In addition, during fiscal 2012, we acquired two probiotic brands, Digestive Advantage and Sustenex, as well as the Airborne brand portfolio of immune support products. Accordingly, Move Free and other joint care category products now constitute a significantly smaller portion of our overall net sales. 
 
 Private label products, which we primarily produce for certain retail customers where we sell our branded products, have historically accounted for approximately 20 to 30 of total net sales. As a result of recent acquisitions, branded sales growth and certain lost private label business, which was expected, and price reductions resulting from the private label competitive bidding processes, private label sales accounted for 14 of total net sales for fiscal 2012. We believe private label sales, as a percent of total net sales, may decline further in fiscal 2013 as a result of branded sales growth, including the full year impact of Airborne sales. Private label business is highly competitive and price-sensitive, often subject to competitive bidding processes at the retailer's discretion, which can impact, potentially significantly, our overall net sales and profit margins. In addition, changes in our branded/private label sales mix can significantly impact our profitability because the gross profit percentage associated with private label sales is generally significantly lower than that for branded sales. 
 
 The vast majority of our branded and private label products are marketed and distributed, both domestically and internationally, in the mass market retail channel. Our products are sold throughout the United States in the stores of leading retailers, including warehouse clubs, mass merchandisers, drug stores and supermarkets. Our sales concentration in two customers is significant. Combined, these two customers have historically accounted for approximately 65 to 80 of total net sales. 
 
 We also export certain Schiff and private label products, primarily in the joint care category, to various international markets, including primarily the Asia Pacific region, Mexico and the United Kingdom. Historically, export net sales have accounted for less than 10 of total net sales. 
 
 Raw materials, particularly certain raw materials contained in our joint care and omega-3 category products, account for a significant portion of our total cost of goods sold. Fluctuations in the cost of these key raw materials can significantly impact our profitability. We attempt to maintain an adequate supply of these key raw materials at prices that enhance our profitability by developing and maintaining relationships with our principal suppliers, including identifying and qualifying alternative suppliers for the same key materials, if possible; entering into long-term supply and license agreements and/or forward purchase commitments, where appropriate; and maintaining adequate safety stocks of inventory as deemed necessary. 
 21 

We manufacture a significant amount of our products in a capsule and tablet manufacturing facility in Salt Lake City, Utah, which also includes our main distribution center, our primary administrative offices and our nutrition bar manufacturing plant. Our Salt Lake City capsule and tablet facility is designed and operated to meet the current Good Manufacturing Practices as promulgated by the United States FDA in 21 CFR Part III. 
 
 Our competition includes numerous nutritional supplement companies that are highly fragmented in terms of geographical market coverage, distribution channels and product categories. In addition, large pharmaceutical companies and packaged food and beverage companies compete with us in the nutritional supplement market. These companies and certain nutritional supplement companies have broader product lines and/or larger sales volumes than us, have greater financial and other resources available to them and possess extensive manufacturing, distribution and marketing capabilities. In addition, private label products of our customers compete directly with our products. 
 
 To maintain our competitive market share, we attempt to differentiate our products through continuous product innovations. We also attempt to grow and/or maintain our market share through the introduction of new products, such as Move Free Ultra and MegaRed Extra Strength launched in fiscal 2012 and Schiff Mega-D3 launched in fiscal 2010, as well as growing our export business. We provide significant selling and marketing support intended both to defend our Schiff branded business against competition, including private label, and ultimately to increase our market share. These selling and marketing activities can significantly impact our profitability. In addition, we continue to actively pursue acquisition opportunities to enhance our growth and help drive sales, marketing and operational efficiencies. We believe our comprehensive quality control standards and superior customer service also enhance our customer relationships and assist in differentiating our products. 
 
 During fiscal 2012, 2011 and 2010, we provided selling and marketing support intended to defend our overall Move Free business against competition, including private label, and ultimately to increase our market share in the joint care product category; support the growth and distribution of MegaRed; and support the launch and expansion of new products such as Move Free Ultra and MegaRed Extra Strength. During fiscal 2012, 2011 and 2010, we also increased the distribution of our Schiff branded products, including our joint care products, in international markets. During fiscal 2012, we significantly increased our investment in selling and marketing. Specifically, we increased our advertising and other consumer marketing support to 37.9 million for fiscal 2012, from 15.5 million for fiscal 2011. We believe this strategy is strengthening our brands, promoting consumer loyalty and contributing to the growth in our branded business. 
 
 Our gross profit and operating margins for fiscal 2012, compared to fiscal 2011 and 2010, were positively impacted by an increase in branded sales driven by two acquisitions and the launch of new products, combined with a reduction in lower margin private label sales. 
 
 Our operating results for fiscal 2012 and 2011 were negatively impacted by incremental acquisition-related expenses totaling 4.4 million and 1.2 million, respectively. In addition, interest expense for fiscal 2012, compared to fiscal 2011 and 2010, increased 2.4 million due to the issuance of debt to fund two acquisitions. 
 
 Our operating results for fiscal 2011 were negatively impacted as a result of the retirement of our previous Chief Executive Officer CEO and transition to our new CEO. We recognized 1.9 million in CEO transition-related expenses during fiscal 2011. Fiscal 2011 operating results were also impacted as a result of the October 2010 purchase by TPG of 7,486,574 shares of our Class B common stock from WHF, which automatically converted to Class A common stock on a one-to-one basis (the WHF-TPG transaction ). The WHF-TPG transaction triggered certain provisions under our management and Board of Directors long-term incentive plans, including accelerated vesting of outstanding incentive awards. For fiscal 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively, we recognized approximately 2.8 million, 4.6 million and 3.4 million in management and Board of Directors long-term incentive plan expenses. See Notes 1 and 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further description of the change in CEO and the WHF-TPG transaction and their impact on our financial results for fiscal 2011. 
 
 Our financial results for fiscal 2011 and 2010 were also impacted by the declaration of special cash dividends. In connection with the declaration of the special dividends, our Board of Directors approved certain dividend equivalent rights allowing holders (employees and directors) of certain equity awards, including stock options and restricted stock units, to receive cash dividends on each share of common stock underlying the stock options and restricted stock units. As a result, we recognized 0.7 million and 0.5 million, respectively, in non-cash compensation expense during fiscal 2011 and 2010, together with corresponding increases in additional paid-in-capital. 
 
 22 

Factors affecting our historical results, including the previous implementation of strategic initiatives as well as continuing refinement of our growth and business strategies, are ongoing considerations and processes. While the focus of these considerations is to improve future profitability, we cannot assure you that our decisions relating to these initiatives will not adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Fiscal 2012 Compared to Fiscal 2011 
 
 The following tables show comparative results for selected items as reported and as a percentage of net sales for fiscal 2012 and 2011 (dollars in thousands) : 

2012 
 
 2011 
 Net sales 

258,911 

100.0 

213,648 

100.0 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 
 139,553 

53.9 

132,472 

62.0 
 
 Gross profit 
 
 119,358 

46.1 

81,176 

38.0 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing 
 
 60,330 

23.3 

34,666 

16.2 
 
 General and administrative 
 
 27,017 

10.4 

22,300 

10.4 
 
 Research and development 
 
 5,114 

2.0 

4,017 

1.9 
 
 Amortization of intangibles 
 
 1,435 

0.6 

Total operating expenses 
 
 93,896 

36.3 

60,983 

28.5 
 
 Income from operations 
 
 25,462 

9.8 

20,193 

9.5 
 
 Other expense, net 
 
 (2,661) 
 
 (1.0) 
 
 (303) 
 
 (0.1) 
 Income tax expense 
 
 (9,074) 
 
 (3.5) 
 
 (7,248) 
 
 (3.4) 
 Net income 

13,727 

5.3 

12,642 

5.9 

Net Sales. Net sales increased 21.2 to 258.9 million for fiscal 2012, from 213.6 million for fiscal 2011, due to an increase in branded net sales, partially offset by a decrease in private label sales. 
 
 Aggregate branded net sales increased 41.9 to 221.5 million for fiscal 2012, from 156.1 million for fiscal 2011. The increase was primarily due to an 81.2 million increase in sales volume, partially offset by a 15.8 million increase in promotional incentives classified as gross sales price reductions and new product allowance for sales returns. Classification of promotional costs as a reduction from gross sales is required when the promotion effectively represents a sales price decrease. The increase in branded sales volume was attributable to increases in all key brands and an aggregate 27.8 million from the probiotics brands acquired on June 1, 2011 and the Airborne brand acquired on March 30, 2012. We believe the overall increase reflects the impact of incremental advertising support. Shipments into certain retail accounts of two new products, Move Free Ultra and MegaRed Extra Strength, also contributed to the sales volume increase for fiscal 2012. 
 
 Private label sales decreased 35.0 to 37.4 million for fiscal 2012, from 57.5 million for fiscal 2011. The decrease primarily resulted from loss of business due to a continuing volatile and price competitive bidding environment for the manufacture of private label nutritional supplements distributed in mass market retail accounts. 
 
 Gross Profit. Gross profit increased 47.0 to 119.4 million for fiscal 2012, from 81.2 million for fiscal 2011. Gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, increased to 46.1 for fiscal 2012, from 38.0 for fiscal 2011, primarily resulting from an increase in branded sales driven by the probiotics and Airborne acquisitions and launch of new products, combined with a reduction in lower margin private label sales. Since certain of our warehousing and distribution costs are included in general and administrative expenses, our gross profit may not be comparable to other entities that include these expenses as a component of cost of goods sold. 
 
 Operating Expenses. Operating expenses increased 54.0 to 93.9 million for fiscal 2012, from 61.0 million for fiscal 2011. Operating expenses, as a percentage of net sales, were 36.3 and 28.5 , respectively, for fiscal 2012 and 2011. The increase in operating expenses reflects incremental selling and marketing, general and administrative, including acquisition-related costs, research and development and amortization of intangibles costs. 
 
 23 

Selling and marketing expenses, including sales, marketing, advertising, freight and other costs, increased to 60.3 million for fiscal 2012, from 34.7 million for fiscal 2011. The increase was primarily due to a 22.4 million increase in advertising and other consumer marketing expenses. Other variable selling and marketing expenses also increased 2.2 million due to the sales volume increase. In addition, selling and marketing expenses increased 1.0 million, primarily resulting from an increase in consulting fees and personnel-related expenses, including incremental head count and accrued annual bonuses, offset by a decrease in long-term management incentive plan costs. The decrease in long-term management incentive plan costs primarily resulted from the accelerated vesting of incentive awards in fiscal 2011 due to the WHF-TPG transaction. 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased to 27.0 million for fiscal 2012, from 22.3 million for fiscal 2011. The increase was primarily due to an aggregate 5.3 million increase in personnel-related expenses, including incremental head count, the establishment of an office in Emeryville, California, and accrued annual bonuses and legal fees. This increase was partially offset by a 1.2 million decrease in long-term management and board of director incentive plan costs due to accelerated vesting of outstanding awards in fiscal 2011 due to the WHF-TPG transaction. In addition, we recognized 4.4 million in acquisition-related expenses in fiscal 2012. In fiscal 2011, we recognized 3.8 million in incremental expenses, consisting of 1.2 million in acquisition-related expenses, 1.9 million in CEO transition-related expenses and 0.7 million in compensation expense related to the special dividend declared in September 2010. 
 
 Research and development costs increased to 5.1 million for fiscal 2012, from 4.0 million for fiscal 2011, primarily resulting from increases in product testing, personnel related expenses and fees related to our recently established scientific advisory board. 
 
 Amortization of intangibles increased 1.4 million for fiscal 2012, compared to fiscal 2011, due to the June 1, 2011 probiotics acquisition and the March 30, 2012 acquisition of Airborne. 
 
 Other Expense, net. The 2.4 million increase in other expense, net, primarily resulted from an increase in interest expense. Interest expense increased due to an increase in debt resulting from the June 1, 2011 probiotics acquisition and the March 30, 2012 acquisition of Airborne. 
 
 Income Tax Expense. Income tax expense was 9.1 million for fiscal 2012, compared to 7.2 million for fiscal 2011. The increase primarily resulted from an increase in pre-tax income, together with an increase in the effective tax rate. The effective tax rate increased to 39.8 for fiscal 2012, from 36.4 , for fiscal 2011, primarily due to 2.0 million in non-deductible expenses associated with the Airborne acquisition. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Fiscal 2011 Compared to Fiscal 2010 
 
 The following tables show comparative results for selected items as reported and as a percentage of net sales for fiscal 2011 and 2010 (dollars in thousands) : 

2011 
 
 2010 
 Net sales 

213,648 

100.0 

204,887 

100.0 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 
 132,472 

62.0 

119,837 

58.5 
 
 Gross profit 
 
 81,176 

38.0 

85,050 

41.5 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing 
 
 34,666 

16.2 

33,611 

16.4 
 
 General and administrative 
 
 22,300 

10.4 

17,883 

8.7 
 
 Research and development 
 
 4,017 

1.9 

4,746 

2.3 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 
 60,983 

28.5 

56,240 

27.4 
 
 Income from operations 
 
 20,193 

9.5 

28,810 

14.1 
 
 Other expense, net 
 
 (303) 
 
 (0.1) 
 
 (168) 
 
 (0.1) 
 Income tax expense 
 
 (7,248) 
 
 (3.4) 
 
 (10,196) 
 
 (5.0) 
 Net income 

12,642 

5.9 

18,446 

9.0 

24 

Net Sales. Net sales increased 4.3 to 213.6 million for fiscal 2011, from 204.9 million for fiscal 2010, primarily due to increases in both branded and private label net sales. 
 
 Aggregate branded net sales increased 4.8 to 156.1 million for fiscal 2011, from 149.0 million for fiscal 2010, primarily due to a 15.7 million increase in sales volume, partially offset by an increase in promotional incentives classified as gross sales price reductions. Classification of promotional incentive costs as a reduction from gross sales is required when the promotion effectively represents a sales price decrease. The increase in branded sales volume was primarily attributable to an increase in MegaRed sales due to incremental distribution into various accounts in the first half of fiscal 2010, as well as continued MegaRed sales growth supported by increases in advertising and sales promotional incentives, partially offset by a decrease in Move Free sales. The decline in Move Free net sales was primarily attributable to an overall decline in the joint care category market, together with intense pricing pressures, including from both branded and private label competition. 
 
 Private label sales increased 2.9 to 57.5 million for fiscal 2011, from 55.9 million for fiscal 2010, primarily resulting from the timing and product mix of private label business acquired and lost in a continuing volatile and price competitive bidding process for the manufacture of private label nutritional supplements distributed in mass market retail accounts. Fiscal 2011 net sales, as compared to fiscal 2010, overall were not significantly impacted by this competitive bidding process. 
 
 Gross Profit. Gross profit decreased to 81.2 million for fiscal 2011, from 85.1 million for fiscal 2010. Gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, decreased to 38.0 for fiscal 2011, from 41.5 for fiscal 2010, primarily resulting from tighter margins on private label sales and an increase in promotional costs. Since certain of our warehousing and distribution costs are included in general and administrative expenses, our gross profit may not be comparable to other entities that may include these expenses as a component of cost of goods sold. 
 
 Operating Expenses. Operating expenses increased to 61.0 million for fiscal 2011, from 56.2 million for fiscal 2010. Operating expenses, as a percentage of net sales, were 28.5 and 27.4 , respectively, for fiscal 2011 and 2010. The increase in operating expenses resulted primarily from our CEO transition and other organizational structure related expenses, an increase in acquisition related expenses and an increase in management and Board of Directors long-term incentive plan costs due to the accelerated vesting of outstanding awards triggered by the WHF-TPG transaction, partially offset by a decrease in research and development costs. 
 
 Selling and marketing expenses, including sales, marketing, advertising, freight and other costs, increased to 34.7 million for fiscal 2011 from 33.6 million for fiscal 2010, primarily due to a 1.0 million increase in advertising and other promotional expenses and 0.3 million in incremental severance costs, partially offset by a decrease in freight expense. The increase in advertising and other promotional expenses primarily resulted from continued support of MegaRed sales growth and the introduction of new products. 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased to 22.3 million for fiscal 2011, from 17.9 million for fiscal 2010, primarily due to 2.1 million in incremental CEO transition and other organizational structure related expenses, a 1.2 million increase in acquisition related expenses and an increase in legal and other professional fees. 
 
 Research and development costs decreased to 4.0 million for fiscal 2011, from 4.7 million for fiscal 2010, primarily resulting from a decrease in product clinical research costs. 
 
 Other Expense, net. Other expense, net, which reflects interest expense, including debt commitment fees and amortized debt issue costs, net of interest income, increased primarily due to a reduction in interest income resulting from a decrease in investments. 
 
 Income Tax Expense. Income tax expense was 7.2 million for fiscal 2011, compared to 10.2 million for fiscal 2010. The decrease primarily resulted from a decrease in pre-tax income. The effective tax rate remained relatively constant at 36.4 and 35.6 , respectively, for fiscal 2011 and 2010. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Working capital decreased 27.6 million to 52.0 million at May 31, 2012, from 79.6 million at May 31, 2011. Cash and cash equivalents and short-term available-for-sale securities, in aggregate, decreased 31.7 million at May 31, 2012, as compared to May 31, 2011, primarily due to 57.2 million in cash outlays for principle debt payments and 
 25 

debt issuance costs, 2.7 million in capital expenditures and 1.9 million in special dividend payments; partially offset by 28.9 million in positive cash flows from operations. Net receivables increased by 2.4 million at May 31, 2012, as compared to May 31, 2011, primarily resulting from a 6.2 million increase in accounts receivable due to an increase in net sales for April and May 2012, as compared to April and May 2011, partially offset by a 1.5 million decrease in income taxes receivable and a 2.3 million increase in new product allowances for sales returns and other accounts receivable allowances. Inventories increased 6.5 million at May 31, 2012, as compared to May 31, 2011, primarily resulting from 9.6 million in inventories associated with the two acquisitions, partially offset by a reduction in other inventories. Accrued expenses increased by 3.3 million at May 31, 2012, as compared to May 31, 2011, primarily resulting from an increase in accrued annual bonuses. 
 
 At May 31, 2012, we held 5.8 million in available-for-sale securities, consisting of 3.2 million in certificates of deposit and 2.6 million in other debt securities; including 0.4 million in illiquid auction rate securities ARS ), which are fully insured state agency issued securities. Although we have experienced failed auctions with these ARS, and will therefore not be able to access our funds invested in these ARS until future auctions of these investments are successful, the securities are called by the issuer or the securities mature, we believe we will be able to successfully liquidate these investments. We believe the unsuccessful liquidation of some, or all, of these securities over the next twelve months will not significantly impact our liquidity needs. 
 
 On August 18, 2009, we entered into, through our wholly-owned direct operating subsidiary Schiff Nutrition Group, Inc. SNG ), an 80.0 million revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with U.S. Bank National Association, as Agent. Borrowings under the Credit Facility were subject to interest at floating rates based on U.S. Bank's prime rate, the Federal Funds rate, or the LIBOR rate. In addition, we were obligated to pay certain commitment fees on any unused amounts based on rates ranging from 0.25 to 0.50 . The Credit Facility, which was scheduled to mature on August 18, 2012, was terminated on March 30, 2012. 
 
 On March 30, 2012, we replaced the Credit Facility with a new credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ), with Royal Bank of Canada as agent, that provides for borrowings up to 200.0 million. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, as amended, we borrowed 140.0 million of term loans (the Term Loans to partially finance our acquisition of Airborne, Inc. The Credit Agreement also provides a 60.0 million revolving credit facility (the Revolver Loans ), which may be used to fund our normal working capital and capital expenditure requirements, and certain permitted strategic transactions. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at floating rates, subject to a floor, based on the Royal Bank of Canada's prime rate, the Federal Funds rate, or the adjusted Eurodollar rate. The Term Loans mature on March 30, 2018, and Revolver Loans mature on March 30, 2017. The Term Loans will amortize in equal quarterly installments in an amount equal to 1.00 per annum of the original principal amount thereof, with the remaining balance due at final maturity. We may prepay any loans without penalty or premium, and Term Loans may be repaid at a discount subject to conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement. We are required to prepay any Term Loans in an amount equal to (i) 100 of the net cash proceeds from any debt incurred by us, (ii) 100 of any asset sales, casualty and condemnation events and (iii) 50 of excess cash flow (such percentage to be subject to reduction based on achievement of specified senior secured net leverage ratios), in each case, subject to certain reinvestment rights and other exceptions. We are obligated to pay certain commitment fees on any unused amounts based on rates ranging from 0.375 to 0.750 . 
 
 We believe that our cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and the financing sources discussed above will be sufficient to meet our normal cash operating requirements during the next twelve months. However, we continue to review opportunities to acquire or invest in companies, product rights and other investments that are compatible with or complementary to our existing business. We could use cash and financing sources discussed herein, or financing sources that subsequently become available, to fund acquisitions or investments. In addition, we may consider issuing additional debt or equity securities in the future to fund potential acquisitions or growth, or to refinance existing debt. However, no assurance can be given that additional funds will be available on satisfactory terms, or at all, to fund such activities. 
 
 Our Board of Directors will determine dividend policy in the future based upon, among other factors, results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant at the time. In addition, our Credit Agreement contains certain customary terms and conditions, including financial covenants, that may limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. We can give no assurance that we will pay dividends in the future. 
 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of SEC Regulation S-K, as of May 31, 2012 or May 31, 2011. 
 26 

A summary of our outstanding contractual obligations at May 31, 2012 is as follows (in thousands): 
 Contractual Cash Obligations (1) 
 
 Total Amounts 
 Committed 
 
 Less than 
 1 Year 
 
 1-3 
 Years 
 
 3-5 
 Years 
 
 More than 
 5 Years 
 Debt obligations, including interest (2) 

192,595 

12,360 

20,435 

20,050 

139,750 
 
 Operating leases 
 
 2,551 

2,294 

249 

8 

Purchase obligations (3) 
 
 19,584 

19,584 

Total obligations 

214,730 

34,238 

20,684 

20,058 

139,750 

(1) 
 Unrecognized income tax benefits totaling approximately 474 are excluded since we are unable to estimate the period of settlement, if any. 
 
 (2) 
 Debt obligations, including interest, exclude potential elective or required pre-payments, including the impact of such pre-payments on interest payments, as defined in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 (3) 
 Purchase obligations consist primarily of open purchase orders for goods and services, primarily including raw materials, packaging and outsourced contract manufacturing commitments. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 In preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales, cost of goods sold and operating expenses during the reported periods. We periodically evaluate our estimates and judgments related to the valuation of available-for-sale securities, inventories and intangible assets, allowances for doubtful accounts, sales returns and discounts, uncertainties related to certain tax benefits, valuation of deferred tax assets, valuation of share-based payments or cash awards and recoverability of long-lived assets. Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements describes the accounting policies governing each of these matters. Our estimates are based on historical experience and on our future expectations that are believed to be reasonable. The combination of these factors forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from our current estimates and those differences may be material. 
 
 We believe the following accounting policies affect some of our more significant estimates and judgments used in preparation of our consolidated financial statements: 

We provide for valuation adjustments for changes in the fair values of our available-for-sale securities. Fair values are based upon quoted market prices and/or other considerations, including fair values determined by financial institutions, current credit rating of the debt securities, insurance provisions and discounted cash flow analysis as deemed appropriate. Changes in valuation adjustments for declines in the fair values of our available-for-sales securities did not impact net income for fiscal 2012, 2011 or 2010. At both May 31, 2012 and 2011, unrealized losses resulting from fair market adjustments to our available-for-sale securities totaled 0.1 million. 

We provide for inventory valuation adjustments for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand, market conditions and/or liquidation value. For fiscal 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively, inventory valuation adjustments resulted in a decrease in our gross profit and operating income of 1.0 million, 0.7 million and 0.7 million. If actual demand and/or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs would be required. 

We maintain allowances for doubtful accounts, sales returns and discounts for estimated losses resulting from customer exposures, including among others, product returns, inability to make payments and expected utilization of offered discounts. Changes in our allowances for doubtful accounts, sales returns and discounts resulted in a decrease in our gross profit and operating income of 2.3 million for fiscal 2012. For fiscal 2011 and 2010, respectively, changes in these allowances resulted in an increase in our gross profit and operating income of 0.2 million and 0.1 million. At May 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively, our allowances for doubtful 
 27 

accounts, sales returns and discounts in aggregate amounted to 4.1 million and 1.8 million. Actual results may differ from our current estimates, resulting in adjustment of the respective allowance(s). 

We currently have deferred tax assets resulting from temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting. These deferred tax assets are subject to periodic recoverability assessments. The realization of these deferred tax assets is primarily dependent on future operating results. Changes in valuation allowances relating to deferred tax assets did not significantly impact net income for fiscal 2012, 2011 and 2010. At May 31, 2012 and 2011, deferred tax asset valuation allowances were zero. 

We recognize tax benefits relative to certain tax positions in which we may be uncertain as to whether that tax position will ultimately be sustained as filed in our tax return. The recognition or derecognition of these tax benefits is subject to periodic evaluation of the sustainability of the tax position based upon changes in facts, circumstances or available information. Changes in the recognition of these tax benefits did not significantly impact net income for fiscal 2012, 2011 and 2010. 

We recognize compensation expense for certain performance based equity instrument (share-based payments) or cash awards over the performance period based on a periodic assessment of the probability that the performance criteria will be achieved. Our periodic assessment of the probability that the performance criteria will be achieved considers such factors as historical financial results and future financial expectations, including an analysis of sales trends and operating margins; as well as changes in the nutritional supplements industry and competitive environment. For fiscal 2012, we did not recognize any compensation expense related to these awards as there were no performance based equity instruments outstanding. For fiscal 2011 and 2010, respectively, we recognized compensation expense related to these awards of 3.0 million and 2.5 million. At May 31, 2012, there was no unrecognized compensation expense. 

We have certain intangible assets which are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. We also have goodwill, which is tested for impairment at least annually. We did not recognize any intangible asset or goodwill impairment losses for fiscal 2012, 2011 or 2010. The determination of whether or not these assets are impaired involves significant judgment. Changes in strategy or market conditions could significantly impact our judgment and require adjustment to the recorded intangible assets or goodwill balance. 
 
 Impact of Inflation 
 
 Inflation affects the cost of raw materials, goods and services we use. In recent years, inflation overall has been modest. We seek to mitigate the adverse effects of inflation primarily through improved productivity, strategic buying initiatives, and cost containment programs. However, the nutritional supplement industry competitive environment generally limits our ability to raise prices in order to recover higher costs resulting from inflation. See further discussion of raw material pricing matters in the Overview and Results of Operations sections above. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Our business generally is not inherently seasonal. However, the recently acquired Airborne business is seasonal, with historically higher sales volumes during our second and third fiscal quarters. We also experience fluctuations in sales resulting from timing of marketing and promotional activities, customer buying patterns and consumer spending patterns. In addition, as a result of changes in product sales mix, competitive conditions, raw material pricing pressures and other factors, as discussed above, we experience fluctuations in gross profit and operating margins on a quarter-to-quarter basis. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 
 See Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The following discussion involves forward-looking statements of market risk which assume that certain adverse market conditions may occur. Actual future market conditions may differ materially from such assumptions. Accordingly, the forward-looking statements should not be considered our projections of future events or losses. 
 28 

Our cash flows and net earnings may be subject to fluctuations resulting from changes in interest rates. Our current policy does not allow speculation in derivative instruments for profit or execution of derivative instrument contracts for which there is no underlying exposure. We do not use financial instruments for trading purposes. We measure market risk, related to our holdings of financial instruments, based on changes in interest rates utilizing a sensitivity analysis. Our Credit Agreement, under which borrowings bear interest at floating rates, in aggregate had 142.0 million outstanding at May 31, 2012. Interest income earned on our short-term investments is impacted by changes in interest rates. We do not believe that a hypothetical 10 change in interest rates would have had a material effect on our pretax earnings or cash flows during fiscal 2012. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The consolidated financial statements and supplementary data and the report of KPMG LLP, our independent registered public accountants, are on the following pages F-1 through F-27 and are included herein. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and we are required to apply our judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 In addition, the design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. As required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of May 31, 2012, at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 There has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2012, based on the framework 
 29 

in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of May 31, 2012. 
 
 KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2012. This report, which expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2012, is included in this Item 9A. 
 30 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. 
 
 We have audited Schiff Nutrition International, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Schiff Nutrition International, Inc.'s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 In our opinion, Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheet of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. and subsidiaries as of May 31, 2012 and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for the year ended May 31, 2012, and our report dated August 14, 2012 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 
 August 14, 2012 

31 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Indemnification Agreements 
 
 On August 10, 2012, we entered into new indemnification agreements with Eric Weider, William E. McGlashan, Jr. and Matthew T. Hobart, members of our Board of Directors. The new indemnification agreements are substantially identical to the indemnification agreements we have entered into with our other directors, which provide for indemnification of, and advancement of litigation and other expenses to, such directors to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. However, the new indemnification agreements add incremental protections for these three directors and the entities with which they are affiliated, namely WHF in the case of Mr. Weider, and TPG in the case of Messrs. McGlashan and Hobart. 
 
 We agreed to be the indemnitor of first resort, such that any obligation of WHF or its insurers to provide indemnification to Mr. Weider, and any obligation of TPG or its insurers to provide indemnification to Messrs. McGlashan or Hobart, is secondary to our obligation to provide indemnification to these directors in connection with their service on our Board of Directors. 
 
 The indemnification agreement entered into with each of Messrs. McGlashan and Hobart further provides that (i) neither the indemnitee nor TPG or its affiliates will have a duty to communicate or present to us any corporate opportunities of which he or it become aware, and we renounce any rights to such opportunities (except those of which the indemnitee or TPG became aware by virtue of confidential information acquired from us), (ii) in consideration for our renunciation of such rights, TPG agrees to assist us in the analysis and evaluation of potential acquisitions and other strategic transactions that may be mutually designated by us and TPG for such analysis and evaluation Mutually Designated Transactions ), and neither the indemnitee nor TPG will have the right to pursue for his or its own benefit any corporate opportunity related to a Mutually Designated Transaction, unless we waive our interest in such transaction; and (iii) we will reimburse all out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred by (a) the indemnitee in the ordinary course of serving on the Board, or otherwise for the benefit, or at the request, of us (or for any services outside the ordinary course to the extent requested or agreed to by us) and (b) TPG or its personnel in analyzing or evaluating Mutually Designated Transactions, or in performing other services at our request. 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 In October 2010 and as part of the WHF-TPG transaction, our principal stockholders, WHF and TPG (the Holders ), entered into a stockholders agreement that provides, among other things, that WHF and TPG agreed to use reasonable best efforts to cause us to provide customary registration rights to them. As contemplated by the stockholders agreement, on August 10, 2012, we entered into an agreement with the Holders that provides such Holders with registration rights as follows: 
 
 Demand Registrations. Each Holder may request one registration on Form S-1 at any time after October 14, 2012 (and the other Holder may include its shares in such registration), if the proceeds of the requested registration would be in excess of 30.0 million. However, if we become ineligible to use Form S-3 at a time in which it is required to do so (see S-3 Registrations below), each Holder may request one additional registration; and if less than 90 of the shares that the requesting Holder requested to include in the registration are so included, then that Holder may request one or more additional registrations until at least 90 of its requested shares are included. 
 
 S-3 Registrations. Each Holder may request up to two registrations on Form S-3, and may join in the other Holder's requested Form S-3 registration, for a total of up to four registrations, if the proceeds of the requested registration would be in excess of 10.0 million, although we will not be obligated to effect more than two Form S-3 registrations in any 12-month period. 
 
 Piggyback Registrations. If we propose to file a registration statement covering its common stock (other than employee stock, acquisition-related offerings, and stock issued upon conversion of debt securities), we must give notice to the Holders, and use commercially reasonable efforts to include the Holders' shares in such registration to the extent requested. 
 
 Expenses and Indemnification; Covenants. We will bear all expenses of registration, including fees of Company counsel, as well as one counsel for the selling Holders not exceeding 100,000 per registration, and will, subject to certain exceptions, indemnify or contribute to any losses suffered by the Holders and their related persons, including 
 32 

losses incurred under federal securities laws. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to furnish a legal opinion and an accountants' comfort letter for purposes of any underwritten offering, and we make other customary undertakings and covenants in the registration rights agreement. 
 
 The foregoing descriptions of the Indemnification Agreements and the Registration Rights Agreement do not summarize or include all terms relating to such agreements. The descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Indemnification Agreement, Form of Indemnification Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, which are being filed as Exhibits 10.33, 10.34 and 10.35, respectively, to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 

33 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

See our 2012 Definitive Proxy Statement, incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the headings Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Information, Nominees for Election to our Board of Directors, Executive Officers and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance. Information regarding our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is also incorporated by reference to our 2012 Definitive Proxy Statement under the heading Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Information. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

See our 2012 Definitive Proxy Statement, incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the headings Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Information, Executive Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

See the information set forth under Item 5 herein and in our 2012 Definitive Proxy Statement, incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the heading Stock Ownership of Beneficial Owners, Directors and Management and Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

See our 2012 Definitive Proxy Statement, incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the heading Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Information. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

See our 2012 Definitive Proxy Statement, incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the heading Fees Paid to Independent Public Accountants. 
 34 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 Documents filed as part of this report 
 
 1) 
 Financial Statements 
 
 See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for Financial Statements included with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. All other schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise set forth in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 3) 
 The exhibits listed in the Index to Exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K (except for such exhibits that are marked on such exhibit as furnished and not filed). The following is a list of such Exhibits: 
 2.1 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of June 1, 2011, by and between Ganeden Biotech, Inc., Schiff Nutrition Group, Inc. and with respect to Article 7 thereof only, U.S. Bank National Association as escrow agent. (1)# 
 2.2 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2012, by and among Airborne, Inc., GF Consumer Health, L.L.C., GF Capital Private Equity Fund, L.P. and Schiff Nutrition Group, Inc.(2)# 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. (3) 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Weider Nutrition International, Inc. (4) 
 4.1 
 Form of specimen Class A common stock certificate. (5) 
 4.2 
 Loan Agreement dated as of August 18, 2009 between Schiff Nutrition Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association. (6) 
 4.3 
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of May 31, 2011 to Loan Agreement dated as of August 18, 2009 among Schiff Nutrition Group, Inc., the Lenders named therein (as defined therein) and U.S. Bank National Association. (7) 
 10.1 
 Build-To-Suit Lease Agreement dated March 20, 1996, between SCI Development Services Incorporated and Weider Nutrition Group, Inc. (4) 
 10.2 
 1997 Equity Participation Plan of Weider Nutrition International, Inc. (6) 
 10.3 
 Form of Tax Sharing Agreement by and among Weider Nutrition International, Inc. and its subsidiaries and Weider Health and Fitness and its subsidiaries. (8) 
 10.4 
 License Agreement dated as of December 1, 1996 between Mariz Gestao E Investmentos Limitada and Weider Nutrition Group, Inc. (8) 
 10.5 
 Amendments No. 1, 2 and 3 to 1997 Equity Participation Plan of Weider Nutrition International, Inc. (9) 
 10.6 
 Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. 2004 Incentive Award Plan. (10) 
 10.7 
 Amendment effective as of March 1, 2005 to License Agreement dated as of December 1, 1996 between Mariz Gestao E Investmentos Limitada and Weider Nutrition Group, Inc. (11) 
 10.8 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Schiff Nutrition Group, Inc. and certain of its executives and directors. (12) 
 10.9 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice, Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and Deferral Election between Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. and certain of its executives. (13) 
 10.10 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. 2004 Incentive Award Plan. (14) 
 10.11 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Deferral Election. (15) 
 10.12 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Agreement. (15) 
 10.13 
 Form of Amended and Restated Agreement between Schiff Nutrition Group, Inc. and certain of its executives. (16) 
 10.14 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. 2004 Incentive Award Plan. (17) 
 10.15 
 Form of Performance Award Grant Notice, Performance Award Agreement and Deferral Election. (18) 
 10.16 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. 2004 Incentive Award Plan. (16) 

35 

10.17 
 Amendment No. 4 to the 1997 Equity Participation Plan of Weider Nutrition International Inc. (16) 
 10.18 
 Second Amended and Restated License and Product Supply Agreement dated as of May 29, 2009 between Unigen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Schiff Nutrition Group, Inc. (19) 
 10.19 
 Security Agreement dated as of August 18, 2009 among Schiff Nutrition Group, Inc., Schiff Nutrition International, Inc., WNG Holdings (International) Ltd., Coppal Research, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association. (6) 
 10.20 
 Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty dated as of August 18, 2009 by Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. in favor of U.S. Bank National Association. (6) 
 10.21 
 Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty dated as of August 18, 2009 by WNG Holdings (International) Ltd. in favor of U.S. Bank National Association. (6) 
 10.22 
 Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty dated as of August 18, 2009 by Coppal Research, Inc. in favor of U.S. Bank National Association. (6) 
 10.23 
 Standstill Agreement dated as of October 14, 2010 between Schiff Nutrition, Inc. and TPG STAR SNI, L.P. (20) 
 10.24 
 Separation Agreement between Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. and Bruce J. Wood effective March 7, 2011. (21) 
 10.25 
 Employment Agreement effective March 7, 2011 between Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. and Tarang Amin. (21) 
 10.26 
 Amendment No. 4 to the Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. 2004 Incentive Award Plan. (22) 
 10.27 
 Intellectual Property License Agreement dated as of June 1, 2011 between Ganeden Biotech, Inc. and Schiff Nutrition Group, Inc. (7) 
 10.28 
 Supply Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2011, by and between Aker Biomarine Antarctic US Inc. and Schiff Nutrition Group, Inc. (23) 
 10.29 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2012, by and among Schiff Nutrition International, Inc., Schiff Nutrition Group, Inc., the lenders party thereto, Royal Bank of Canada, as the issuing bank and the swingline lender and Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent. (2)# 
 10.30 
 Collateral Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2012, by and among Schiff Nutrition International, Inc., Schiff Nutrition Group, Inc., the other grantors party thereto and Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent. (2)# 
 10.31 
 Master Guarantee Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2012, by and among Schiff Nutrition International, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent. (2)# 
 10.32 
 First Amendment to Build-To-Suit Lease Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2012, by and among Schiff Nutrition International, Inc., Schiff Nutrition Group, Inc., and Verde South 5070 West, LLC. (24) 
 10.33 
 Indemnification Agreement dated as of August 10, 2012 between Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. and Eric Weider. (24) 
 10.34 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. and each of William E. McGlashan, Jr. and Matthew T. Hobart. (24) 
 10.35 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of August 10, 2012 by and among Schiff Nutrition International, Inc., Weider Health Fitness and TPG STAR SNI, L.P. (24) 

101 
 Interactive data file. (25) 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. (24) 
 23.1 
 Consents of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms. (24) 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. (24) 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. (24) 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. (25) 
 (1) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (2) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 2, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (3) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 17, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (4) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-12929) filed on October 16, 1996 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (5) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 29, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference. 

36 

(6) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 20, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (7) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (8) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-12929) filed on March 20, 1997 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (9) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 14, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (10) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14A filed on September 28, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (11) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (12) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (13) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (14) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14A filed on September 27, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (15) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 30, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (16) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 9, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (17) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14A filed on September 27, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (18) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (19) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (20) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 15, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (21) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (22) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Information Statement on Form 14C filed on April 12, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (23) 
 Previously filed in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 6, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (24) 
 Filed herewith. 
 (25) 
 Furnished herewith. 
 # 
 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, the exhibits and schedules to the agreement have been omitted. Such exhibits and schedules are described in the agreement. The Company agrees to furnish to the SEC, upon its request, any or all of such omitted exhibits or schedules. 
 
 Management contract, or compensation plan or arrangement. 
 
 Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to certain portions of this agreement. 

37 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Tarang P. Amin 
 
 Tarang P. Amin 
 Dated: August 14, 2012 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Eric Weider 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 August 8, 2012 
 Eric Weider 

/s/ Tarang P. Amin 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 August 14, 2012 
 Tarang P. Amin 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Joseph W. Baty 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 August 14, 2012 
 Joseph W. Baty 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Ronald L. Corey 
 
 Director 
 
 August 14, 2012 
 Ronald L. Corey 

/s/ Matthew T. Hobart 
 
 Director 
 
 August 14, 2012 
 Matthew T. Hobart 

/s/ Michael Hyatt 
 
 Director 
 
 August 14, 2012 
 Michael Hyatt 

/s/ Eugene B. Jones 
 
 Director 
 
 August 14, 2012 
 Eugene B. Jones 

/s/ Roger H. Kimmel 
 
 Director 
 
 August 14, 2012 
 Roger H. Kimmel 

/s/ George F. Lengvari 
 
 Vice Chairman of the Board 
 
 August 14, 2012 
 George F. Lengvari 

/s/ William E. McGlashan Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 August 10, 2012 
 William E. McGlashan, Jr. 

/s/ Brian T. Swette 
 
 Director 
 
 August 13, 2012 
 Brian T. Swette 

/s/ Richard G. Wolford 
 
 Director 
 
 August 13, 2012 
 Richard G. Wolford 

38 

SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 F - 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at May 31, 2012 and 2011 
 F - 4 

Consolidated Statements of Income, Years Ended May 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 
 F - 5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and Comprehensive Income, Years Ended May 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 
 F - 6 

C onsolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years Ended May 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 
 F - 7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F - 8 

F - 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. and subsidiaries as of May 31, 2012, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for the year ended May 31, 2012. In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited financial statement schedule II for the year ended May 31, 2012. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audit. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. and subsidiaries as of May 31, 2012, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year ended May 31, 2012, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Schiff Nutrition International, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2012, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated August 14, 2012 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

Salt Lake City, Utah 
 August 14, 2012 

F - 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of May 31, 2011, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended May 31, 2011. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 for each of the two years in the period ended May 31, 2011. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. and subsidiaries at May 31, 2011, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended May 31, 2011, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule for each of the two years in the period ended May 31, 2011, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 
 August 15, 2011 

F - 3 

SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 MAY 31, 2012 AND 2011 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 ASSETS 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

8,607 

39,547 
 
 Available-for-sale securities 
 
 5,162 

5,938 
 
 Receivables, net 
 
 29,778 

27,339 
 
 Inventories 
 
 41,408 

34,923 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other 
 
 2,378 

1,740 
 
 Deferred taxes, net 
 
 3,280 

3,072 
 
 Total current assets 
 
 90,613 

112,559 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 
 13,130 

14,219 
 
 Other assets: 

Goodwill 
 
 78,192 

4,346 
 
 Intangible assets 
 
 146,998 

Available-for-sale securities 
 
 659 

1,204 
 
 Deposits and other assets 
 
 2,674 

238 
 
 Total other assets 
 
 228,523 

5,788 
 
 Total assets 

332,266 

132,566 
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

15,577 

14,944 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 
 19,441 

16,159 
 
 Current portion of long-term debt 
 
 3,400 

Income taxes payable 
 
 16 

Dividends payable 
 
 154 

1,835 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 
 38,588 

32,938 
 
 Long-term liabilities: 

Long-term debt, net 
 
 132,362 

Dividends payable 
 
 549 

780 
 
 Deferred taxes, net 
 
 45,352 

1,383 
 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 
 2,236 

1,005 
 
 Total long-term liabilities 
 
 180,499 

3,168 
 
 Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value .01 per share; shares authorized-10,000,000; no shares issued and outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value .01 per share; shares authorized - 50,000,000; shares issued and outstanding - 21,769,910 (2012) and 21,094,348 (2011) 
 
 218 

211 
 
 Class B common stock, par value .01 per share; shares authorized - 25,000,000; shares issued and outstanding - 7,486,574 (2012 and 2011) 
 
 75 

75 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 
 91,346 

88,342 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 (85) 
 
 (66) 
 Retained earnings 
 
 21,625 

7,898 
 
 Total stockholders equity 
 
 113,179 

96,460 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

332,266 

132,566 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F - 4 

SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 YEARS ENDED MAY 31, 2012 , 2011 AND 2010 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Net sales 

258,911 

213,648 

204,887 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 
 139,553 

132,472 

119,837 
 
 Gross profit 
 
 119,358 

81,176 

85,050 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing 
 
 60,330 

34,666 

33,611 
 
 General and administrative 
 
 27,017 

22,300 

17,883 
 
 Research and development 
 
 5,114 

4,017 

4,746 
 
 Amortization of intangibles 
 
 1,435 

Total operating expenses 
 
 93,896 

60,983 

56,240 
 
 Income from operations 
 
 25,462 

20,193 

28,810 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Interest income 
 
 56 

166 

174 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 (2,795) 
 
 (424) 
 
 (350) 
 Other, net 
 
 78 

(45) 
 
 8 
 
 Total other expense, net 
 
 (2,661) 
 
 (303) 
 
 (168) 
 Income before income taxes 
 
 22,801 

19,890 

28,642 
 
 Income tax expense 
 
 9,074 

7,248 

10,196 
 
 Net income 

13,727 

12,642 

18,446 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 
 
 29,296,261 

28,986,227 

28,360,184 
 
 Diluted 
 
 29,446,635 

29,252,030 

28,928,162 
 
 Net income per share - Class A and Class B common stock and vested restricted stock units: 

Basic 

0.47 

0.44 

0.65 
 
 Diluted 

0.47 

0.43 

0.64 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F - 5 

SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 YEARS ENDED MAY 31, 2012 , 2011 AND 2010 
 (in thousands) 

Common Stock 
 
 Add'l 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 
 Accum. 
 Other 
 Comp. 
 Loss 
 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 
 Class B 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 

Balance at June 1, 2009 
 
 12,661 

126 

14,973 

150 

89,367 

(106) 

20,156 

109,693 
 
 Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

18,446 

18,446 
 
 Available-for-sale debt securities valuation adjustment, net of income taxes 

28 

28 
 
 Total comprehensive income 

18,474 
 
 Stock options exercised 
 
 268 

3 

693 

696 
 
 Common stock surrendered for cashless options exercised 
 
 (86) 
 
 (1) 

(533) 

(534) 
 Excess tax benefit from equity instruments 

596 

596 
 
 Stock received for payment of income taxes on stock-based compensation 
 
 (2) 

(10) 

(10) 
 Special cash dividends 

(29,836) 
 
 (29,836) 
 Shares and restricted shares issued 
 
 52 

1 

(1) 

Restricted stock forfeited 
 
 (13) 

Stock-based compensation (Note 14) 

863 

863 
 
 Special dividend stock-based compensation expense 

506 

506 
 
 Balance at May 31, 2010 
 
 12,880 

129 

14,973 

150 

91,481 

(78) 
 
 8,766 

100,448 
 
 Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

12,642 

12,642 
 
 Available-for-sale debt securities valuation adjustment, net of income taxes 

12 

12 
 
 Total comprehensive income 

12,654 
 
 Stock options exercised 
 
 754 

7 

1,654 

1,661 
 
 Common stock surrendered for cashless options exercised 
 
 (186) 
 
 (2) 

(1,500) 

(1,502) 
 Excess tax benefit from equity instruments 

2,268 

2,268 
 
 Stock received for payment of income taxes on stock-based compensation 
 
 (387) 
 
 (4) 

(3,000) 

(3,004) 
 Special cash dividends 

(7,374) 

(13,510) 
 
 (20,884) 
 Shares and restricted shares issued 
 
 546 

6 

(6) 

Stock-based compensation (Note 14) 

4,116 

4,116 
 
 Special dividend stock-based compensation expense 

703 

703 
 
 Conversion of Class B shares to Class A shares 
 
 7,487 

75 

(7,487) 
 
 (75) 

Balance at May 31, 2011 
 
 21,094 

211 

7,486 

75 

88,342 

(66) 
 
 7,898 

96,460 
 
 Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

13,727 

13,727 
 
 Available-for-sale debt securities valuation adjustment, net of income taxes 

(19) 

(19) 
 Total comprehensive income 

13,708 
 
 Stock options exercised 
 
 160 

1 

760 

761 
 
 Common stock surrendered for cashless options exercised 
 
 (39) 

(419) 

(419) 
 Excess tax benefit from equity instruments 

1,625 

1,625 
 
 Stock received for payment of income taxes on stock-based compensation 
 
 (190) 
 
 (2) 

(1,865) 

(1,867) 
 Shares and restricted shares issued 
 
 749 

8 

(8) 

Restricted stock forfeited 
 
 (4) 

Stock-based compensation 

2,911 

2,911 
 
 Balance at May 31, 2012 
 
 21,770 

218 

7,486 

75 

91,346 

(85) 

21,625 

113,179 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F - 6 

SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 YEARS ENDED MAY 31, 2012 , 2011 AND 2010 
 (dollars in thousands) 

2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

13,727 

12,642 

18,446 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Deferred taxes 
 
 744 

1,351 

(1,084) 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 5,922 

3,563 

3,105 
 
 Amortization of debt issue costs 
 
 508 

197 

156 
 
 Impairment of property and equipment 
 
 304 

Loss (gain) on disposition of property and equipment 
 
 (7) 
 
 51 

(4) 
 Stock-based compensation 
 
 2,911 

3,971 

2,217 
 
 Excess tax benefit from equity instruments 
 
 (1,625) 
 
 (2,268) 
 
 (596) 
 Other 

1 

16 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of acquired businesses: 

Receivables 
 
 3,802 

(6,791) 
 
 47 
 
 Inventories 
 
 2,637 

158 

(5,057) 
 Prepaid expenses and other 
 
 (467) 
 
 (456) 
 
 150 
 
 Deposits and other assets 
 
 (5) 

Accounts payable 
 
 (2,489) 
 
 3,036 

2,237 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 
 669 

3,522 

3,156 
 
 Income taxes receivable/payable 
 
 3,164 

1,452 

1,488 
 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 
 (925) 
 
 (1,028) 
 
 1,830 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 28,870 

19,401 

26,107 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of businesses, net of cash acquired 
 
 (188,965) 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 
 (2,732) 
 
 (3,997) 
 
 (2,942) 
 Proceeds from disposition of property and equipment 
 
 8 

9 

17 
 
 Purchase of available-for-sale securities 
 
 (6,979) 
 
 (10,415) 
 
 (25,761) 
 Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale securities 
 
 8,269 

23,697 

10,269 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 
 (190,399) 
 
 9,294 

(18,417) 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from debt 
 
 190,000 

Payments on debt 
 
 (48,000) 

Dividends paid 
 
 (1,912) 
 
 (20,339) 
 
 (28,788) 
 Proceeds from stock options exercised 
 
 342 

159 

162 
 
 Purchase and retirement of common stock 
 
 (1,867) 
 
 (3,004) 
 
 (10) 
 Excess tax benefit from equity instruments 
 
 1,625 

2,268 

596 
 
 Payments for debt issue costs 
 
 (9,166) 

(530) 
 Contingent consideration settlement payments 
 
 (433) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 
 130,589 

(20,916) 
 
 (28,570) 
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 (30,940) 
 
 7,779 

(20,880) 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
 
 39,547 

31,768 

52,648 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

8,607 

39,547 

31,768 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F - 7 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Description of Business - Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. is a leading nutritional supplement company offering vitamins, nutrition supplements and nutrition bars in the United States and abroad. Our portfolio of well-known brands, including MegaRed , Move Free , Airborne , Tiger's Milk , Sustenex , Digestive Advantage and Schiff Vitamins, is marketed primarily through the mass market (including club) and, to a lesser extent, health food store, distribution channels. 
 
 Principles of Consolidation - Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
 
 Use of Estimates and Assumptions in Preparing Financial Statements - In preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales, costs of goods sold and operating expenses during the reported periods. We periodically evaluate our estimates and judgments related to the valuation of available-for-sale securities, inventories, intangible assets, goodwill, allowances for doubtful accounts, sales returns and discounts, uncertainties related to certain tax benefits, deferred tax assets, share-based payments and recoverability of long-lived assets. Our estimates are based on historical experience and on our future expectations that are believed to be reasonable. The combination of these factors forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from our current estimates and those differences may be material. 
 
 Cash Equivalents - Cash equivalents include highly liquid investments with a remaining maturity at date of acquisition of three months or less. 
 
 Available-for-Sale Securities - Available-for-sale securities, consisting of certificates of deposit, commercial paper and debt securities, are carried at their fair value based upon the quoted market prices or other valuation methods at period end. Accordingly, unrealized gains and losses, net of income taxes, are computed on the basis of specific identification and included in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss in stockholders' equity until realized. We periodically evaluate whether any declines in the fair values of our available-for-sale securities are other-than temporary. This evaluation consists of a review of qualitative and quantitative factors, including available quoted market prices, recent financial results and operating trends of the company that issued the securities, other publicly available information, implied values from any recent financing by the company that issued the securities, or other conditions that indicate the value of our investments. 
 
 Receivables - Receivables are reported at estimated net realizable values. Accordingly, we estimate allowances for doubtful accounts, sales returns and discounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts is estimated by reviewing delinquency status, determined by classifying, or aging, individual invoices in terms of the length of the period past due, and analyzing historical account write-off rates relative to receivable balances. Receivables are written off when determined to be uncollectible. The allowance for sales returns is estimated by reviewing open sales return authorizations granted to customers and analyzing historical return rates relative to sales. Allowances for cash discounts are estimated by reviewing customer payment terms and historical remittances. Accounts with credit balances are reported as current liabilities in the balance sheet. 
 
 Inventories - Inventories, primarily consisting of direct materials, direct labor and manufacturing overhead, are stated at the lower of cost (on a first-in, first-out basis) or market value. 
 
 Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation expense was 4,034 2012 ), 3,563 2011 and 3,105 2010 ), computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of 2 to 10 years for furniture and equipment and 3 to 16 years for leasehold improvements. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of their useful life or of the lease term. 
 F - 8 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 Intangible Assets - Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested for impairment, at least annually during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, rather than amortized. Other intangibles with definite lives are amortized using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of 2 to 5 years or a method that reflects expected undiscounted cash flows over estimated useful lives of 11 to 20 years. 
 
 Amortization expense related to finite-lived acquired intangible assets that contribute to our ability to sell, manufacture, research, market and distribute products, compounds and intellectual property are reflected as an operating expense and included in amortization of intangibles as they benefit multiple business functions. Amortization expense related to intangible assets that are associated with a single function are classified by function in the statement of income. 
 
 Long-Lived Assets - We evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets based upon current and anticipated undiscounted cash flows, and recognize an impairment when such estimated cash flows will be less than the carrying value of the asset. This evaluation is performed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment, if any, is based upon the difference between carrying value and fair value. 
 
 Income Taxes - We record deferred income tax assets and liabilities for temporary differences in the basis of assets and liabilities as reported for financial statement purposes and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in our opinion, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 
 Capital Structure - We have outstanding two classes of common stock, both of which generally have identical rights and privileges, with the exception of voting and conversion, or transfer rights. Each holder of Class A or Class B common stock is entitled to share ratably in any dividends, liquidating distributions or consideration resulting from certain business combinations. However, each holder of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held while each holder of Class B common stock is entitled to ten votes for each share held. The holders of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class. Class A common stock cannot be converted into any other securities of the Company, while Class B common stock holders have the right to convert their shares into Class A common stock on a one -to- one basis. In addition, generally, any shares of Class B common stock that are transferred will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock on a one -to- one basis. 
 
 Organizational Changes - In October 2010, a subsidiary of TPG Growth TPG ), the middle market buyout and growth platform of TPG, a global private investment firm, purchased 7,486,574 shares of our Class B common stock from Weider Health and Fitness WHF ), which automatically converted to Class A common stock on a one -to- one basis (the WHF-TPG transaction ). Concurrent with the sale, TPG and WHF entered into a stockholders agreement whereby two TPG representatives were appointed to serve as directors on our Board of Directors and WHF agreed to take certain corporate actions only with the prior written consent of TPG. 
 
 The WHF-TPG transaction triggered certain provisions under the Company's board of director compensation plan and management long-term incentive plans including accelerated vesting of outstanding awards and in certain cases, accelerated payment of such awards. As a result of the transaction, we recognized 368 in incremental board of director compensation in fiscal 2011 due to the accelerated vesting of outstanding stock-based awards. See Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of financial impact resulting from accelerated vesting of management long-term incentive plans. 
 
 In February 2011, our Board of Directors appointed a new Chief Executive Officer CEO ), replacing our retiring CEO, effective March 7, 2011. As a result of this change, we recognized 1,883 in primarily transition related expenses during fiscal 2011. In addition, we reclassified from long-term liabilities to current liabilities 1,337 in dividends payable included in our consolidated balance sheet as of May 31, 2011, due to accelerated issuance of shares underlying restricted stock units held by the prior CEO. The Company entered into an employment agreement with the new CEO, pursuant to which he was granted certain equity awards with a grant date value aggregating 6,045 . The equity awards consist of 163,637 shares of restricted stock with a grant date value of 1,381 ; a stock option to purchase 654,550 shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 8.44 per share with a grant date value of 2,740 ; and stock options to purchase 409,093 shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 8.44 per share with a grant date value of 1,924 . The restricted stock and option to purchase 654,550 shares vest in equal annual installments 
 F - 9 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 over a five -year period, in each case subject to continued employment with the Company through each such vesting date. The options to purchase 409,093 shares will be eligible to vest in three stages based upon the Company s achievement of stock price targets of 15.00 , 20.00 and 25.00 , in each case subject to continued employment with the Company through applicable service periods ranging from 2.4 to 4.4 years. All stock options granted to the new CEO expire no later than ten years from the grant date. With respect to the restricted stock, any dividends declared between the grant date and the vesting date will be payable to the new CEO when the shares vest. The exercise price and number of shares of stock covered by the options and the stock price targets will be equitably adjusted, as necessary, for extraordinary dividends declared, if any. 
 
 Operating Segments - We believe our business is a single operating and reportable segment. 
 
 Revenue Recognition - Sales are recognized when all of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; (3) the seller's price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Although we utilize a variety of shipping terms, our primary shipping terms are FOB Destination. 
 
 Net sales represent products at gross sales price, less estimated returns and allowances for which provisions are made at the time of sale and less certain other discounts, allowances and sales incentives. We utilize various types of sales incentives and promotions in marketing our products; including, price reductions, coupons, rebate offers, slotting fees and free product. Generally, the cost of these sales incentives and promotions, with the exception of free product, are accounted for as a direct reduction of sales. The cost of free product is classified as cost of goods sold. 
 
 Sales by Geographic Area Total domestic and international, primarily Asia and Mexico, net sales amounted to 244,297 and 14,614 , respectively, for fiscal 2012 ; 201,279 and 12,369 , respectively, for fiscal 2011 ; and 192,922 and 11,965 , respectively, for fiscal 2010 . Net sales are attributed to the country in which our customer is located. 
 
 Advertising Costs Advertising costs, including cooperative advertising payments to retailers, are charged to expense in the period that the advertising first takes place. Cooperative advertising payments to retailers are generally accounted for as an operating expense; however, the portion of the cost in excess of the estimated fair value of the benefit received is classified as a direct reduction of sales. Total advertising costs, included in selling and marketing expenses, were 36,974 , 15,740 and 15,105 , respectively, for fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 . 
 
 Costs of Goods Sold and Shipping and Handling Costs - Costs of goods sold include expenses incurred to acquire and produce inventory for sales, including product costs, purchasing costs, freight-in, import costs, internal transfer costs, quality assurance costs and certain warehousing, or handling costs, associated with the receiving or manufacturing of goods for sale. 
 
 Shipping and certain warehousing, or handling costs, which are not associated with the receiving or manufacturing of goods for sale are excluded from costs of goods sold. Shipping costs, included in selling and marketing expenses, were 5,139 , 4,573 and 5,063 , respectively, for fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 . Handling costs, included in general and administrative expenses, were 2,625 , 2,658 and 2,796 , respectively, for fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 . 
 
 Concentration of Credit Risk and Significant Customers and Products - Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, available-for-sale securities and accounts receivable. 
 
 Generally, our cash and cash equivalents, which may include money market accounts, certificates of deposit, United States Treasury Bills with maturities of three months or less, and high-quality commercial paper exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits on insurable amounts; thus exposing us to certain credit risk. We minimize our risk by investing in or through major financial institutions. We have not experienced any realized losses on our cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities. 
 
 At May 31, 2012 , we held 5,821 in available-for-sale securities; consisting of 3,174 in certificates of deposit and 2,647 in other debt securities, including 449 in illiquid auction rate securities ARS which are fully insured state agency issued securities. In determining the fair value of our available-for-sale securities at May 31, 2012 , we have taken into consideration quoted market prices and/or other considerations, including fair values determined by the 
 F - 10 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 financial institutions, current credit rating of the debt securities, insurance provisions, discounted cash flow analysis, as deemed appropriate, and our current liquidity position. Although we believe the debt securities will ultimately be liquidated at or near our cost basis, any impairment in the value of these securities could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 With respect to accounts receivable, we perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and monitor collections from customers. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts which is based upon historical experience as well as specific customer collection issues. Historically, bad debt expense has not been significant and has been within expectations and allowances established. However, we cannot guarantee that we will continue to experience the same credit loss rates that we have in the past. If the financial condition of one or more of our customers were to deteriorate, additional allowances may be required. 
 
 The combined net sales to our two largest customers are significant. For fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 , respectively, Customer A accounted for approximately 31 , 37 and 40 and Customer B accounted for approximately 35 , 36 and 32 of total net sales at May 31, 2012 and May 31, 2011 , respectively, amounts due from Customer A represented approximately 27 and 34 , and amounts due from Customer B represented approximately 37 and 45 , of total trade accounts receivable. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation - For equity-classified awards, compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period based on the computed fair value on the grant date of the award. For liability-classified awards, fluctuations in the fair value of the liability, which is remeasured at each reporting period until the award is settled, are recorded as increases or decreases in compensation expense either immediately or over the remaining service period depending on the vested status of the award. 
 
 Net Income Per Share - Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares and potentially diluted common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive common shares consist of common stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements - We measure the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount that could be received upon the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Financial assets are marked to bid prices and financial liabilities are marked to offer prices. Fair value measurements do not include transaction costs. A fair value hierarchy is used to prioritize the quality and reliability of the information used to determine fair values. Categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The fair value hierarchy is defined into the following three categories: 
 
 Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2: Observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. 
 Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data. 
 
 In determining the fair value of a financial asset in an inactive or dislocated market, we utilize facts and circumstances that may require significant management judgment; including, using inputs based on management estimates or assumptions, or making adjustments to observable inputs to determine fair value when markets are not active and relevant observable inputs are not available. 
 
 Financial Instruments - Our financial instruments, including primarily cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and outstanding debt when valued using market interest rates, would not be materially different from the amounts presented in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards - In September 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), issued guidance modifying the requirements related to goodwill impairment testing. This guidance permits an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, and therefore determine whether the two step goodwill impairment testing is 
 F - 11 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 required as prescribed by existing guidance. This guidance is effective for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2011. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In June 2011, the FASB issued guidance modifying the presentation of comprehensive income and its components in the financial statements. The guidance requires that all non-owner changes in stockholders' equity be presented either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements; eliminating the option to present components of other comprehensive income as part of the statement of changes in stockholders' equity. This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2011. We expect to conform our financial statements to the new presentation guidance in the fiscal quarter ending August 31, 2012. 
 
 2. ACQUISITIONS 

On March 30, 2012, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of Airborne, Inc. from GF Consumer Health, L.L.C. for aggregate consideration of 150,230 in cash (the Airborne Acquisition ). The Airborne Acquisition provides us with a leading brand in the immune support category of the dietary supplements industry. The Airborne Acquisition was funded by borrowings under the Credit Agreement. See Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 On June 1, 2011, we entered into an agreement whereby we purchased from Ganeden Biotech, Inc. Ganeden the probiotic brands Sustenex and Digestive Advantage (the Probiotics Acquisition ), which we have accounted for as an acquisition of a business. In connection with the Probiotics Acquisition, we entered into a License Agreement with Ganeden whereby Ganeden granted us a perpetual, exclusive, worldwide license under patents and associated know-how and other intellectual property rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize probiotics for use as dietary supplements for human consumption or human use over-the counter without a prescription or otherwise in the vitamins, minerals and supplements market (including foods or beverages marketed as supplements). The Probiotics Acquisition provides us worldwide exclusive rights to use a leading probiotic technology and provides access to the probiotic over-the-counter and dietary supplement market. Pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement, we will pay Ganeden royalties ranging from 3.0 to 7.0 of net sales of the licensed products for a period of five years . 
 
 The total consideration transferred for the Probiotics Acquisition was 41,699 ; consisting of 38,822 in cash funded by borrowings under our then-current credit facility, and 2,877 in contingent consideration representing the acquisition date fair value of the estimated royalties to be paid to Ganeden. Total estimated royalties to be paid to Ganeden range from 3,000 to 5,000 on an undiscounted basis. 
 
 F - 12 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 The estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition dates for the Airborne Acquisition and Probiotics Acquisition are as follows: 
 
 Airborne 
 Acquisition 
 
 Probiotics 
 Acquisition 
 Assets acquired: 

Cash 
 
 87 

Receivables, net (1) 
 5,238 

2,526 
 
 Inventories 
 6,780 

2,342 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other 
 177 

5 
 
 Deferred taxes 
 522 

Property and equipment 
 511 

Intangible assets 
 118,105 

30,781 
 
 Goodwill 
 65,539 

8,307 
 
 Total assets acquired 
 196,959 

43,961 
 
 Liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable 
 1,310 

1,805 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 1,868 

457 
 
 Deferred taxes 
 43,551 

Total liabilities assumed 
 46,729 

2,262 
 
 Net assets acquired 
 
 150,230 

41,699 

(1) Contractual gross r eceivables totaled 5,561 and 2,842 , respectively, for the Airborne Acquisition and the Probiotics Acquisition. 
 
 The total purchase price for each acquisition has been allocated to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values at the acquisition date, with amounts exceeding fair value recorded as goodwill. The goodwill recognized in the Airborne Acquisition, 2,566 of which is deductible for tax purposes, is primarily attributable to diversification of our existing product lines and certain selling, administrative and manufacturing cost savings. The goodwill recognized in the Probiotics Acquisition, all of which is deductible for tax purposes, is primarily attributable to diversification of our existing product lines, access to resources for the research and development of future technology in the probiotic market, and certain selling and corporate cost savings. 
 
 We obtained an independent valuation to assist us in our estimate of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The valuation used a combination of income, sales comparison, and cost approach methodologies in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, utilizing observable and non-observable inputs into the valuation models (level 2 and level 3 inputs as described in Note 1). 
 
 Allocation of the purchase price for the Airborne Acquisition is based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions and pending the final valuation report. These preliminary estimates and assumptions could change significantly during the measurement period as we finalize the valuations of the net tangible, including inventories, and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Any change could result in variances between our future financial results and the amounts recognized in the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended May 31, 2012 . 
 
 During fiscal 2012 and 2011 , respectively, we recognized 4,395 and 1,216 in acquisition related costs which are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Net sales and net income (loss) related to the Airborne acquisition and the Probiotics Acquisition included in our consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2012 are approximately 3,639 and (301) , and 20,369 and 560 , respectively. For fiscal 2012 and 2011, pro forma unaudited consolidated net sales, net income and net income per diluted share are 326,876 , 24,125 and 0.82 ; and 303,234 , 18,422 and 0.63 , respectively. The pro forma unaudited results from operations give effect as if the acquisitions had occurred on June 1, 2010, after giving effect to certain adjustments, including the amortization of intangible assets, interest expense, tax adjustments, specific 
 F - 13 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 transaction related expenses incurred prior to the execution date, and assumes the purchase price was allocated to the assets purchased and liabilities assumed based on their values at the date of purchase. The pro forma information may not be indicative of the results that would have been obtained had these acquisitions actually occurred at the beginning of each of the respective fiscal years, nor should it be construed as a projection of future results. 
 
 3. AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE SECURITIES CASH EQUIVALENTS 

Available-for-sale securities and cash equivalents measured at fair value using: quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1); significant other observable inputs (Level 2); and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), consist of the following at May 31 : 

Level 1 
 
 Level 2 
 
 Level 3 
 
 Total 
 2012: 

Money market funds 

4,897 

4,897 
 
 Certificates of deposit 

3,174 

3,174 
 
 Corporate debt securities 
 
 1,696 

1,696 
 
 Federal, state and municipal debt securities 
 
 502 

449 

951 

7,095 

3,174 

449 

10,718 
 
 Less cash equivalents 

4,897 
 
 Total available-for-sale securities 

5,821 
 
 Less long-term portion 

659 
 
 Short-term portion 

5,162 
 
 2011: 

Money market funds 

33,447 

33,447 
 
 Certificates of deposit 
 
 747 

3,353 

4,100 
 
 Corporate debt securities 
 
 1,378 

1,378 
 
 Federal, state and municipal debt securities 
 
 1,976 

435 

2,411 

37,548 

3,353 

435 

41,336 
 
 Less cash equivalents 

34,194 
 
 Total available-for-sale securities 

7,142 
 
 Less long-term portion 

1,204 
 
 Short-term portion 

5,938 

Available-for-sale securities include ARS, long-term variable rate bonds tied to short-term interest rates that are reset through a dutch auction process which occurs every 7 to 35 days, and other variable rate debt securities. Despite the underlying long-term contractual maturity of ARS, there generally was a ready liquid market for these securities based on the interest reset mechanism. However, as a result of negative liquidity and uncertainty in financial credit markets, we experienced failed auctions associated with our ARS. In the case of a failed auction, the ARS become illiquid long-term bonds (until a future auction is successful, the security is called prior to the contractual maturity date by the issuer, or the securities mature) and the rates are reset in accordance with terms in the prospectus/offering circular. At May 31, 2012 , total available-for-sale securities included 659 in debt securities, including 449 in illiquid ARS, valued below cost which are included in long-term assets. The ARS consist of fully insured state agency issued securities. 
 
 F - 14 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 The following is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of available-for-sale securities measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for fiscal 2012 and 2011 : 

2012 
 
 2011 
 Beginning balance 

435 

455 
 
 Total gains (losses) (all unrealized and included in 
 accumulated other comprehensive loss) 
 
 14 

(20) 
 Ending balance 

449 

435 

Contractual maturities of debt securities, including certificates of deposit, are as follows at May 31, 2012 : 
 Less than one year 
 
 5,162 
 
 One to five years 

Over five years 
 659 
 
 Total 
 
 5,821 

In determining the fair value of our available-for-sale securities at May 31, 2012 , we have taken into consideration quoted market prices and/or other considerations, including, fair value determined by the respective financial institutions, current credit rating of the debt securities, insurance provisions, discounted cash flow analysis, as deemed appropriate, and our current liquidity position. 
 
 4. RECEIVABLES, NET 

Receivables, net, consist of the following at May 31 : 

2012 
 
 2011 
 Trade accounts 

33,764 

27,562 
 
 Refundable income taxes 

1,523 
 
 Other 
 
 92 

37 

33,856 

29,122 
 
 Less allowances for doubtful accounts, sales returns and discounts 
 
 (4,078) 
 
 (1,783) 
 Total, net 

29,778 

27,339 

5. INVENTORIES 

Inventories consist of the following at May 31 : 

2012 
 
 2011 
 Raw materials 

12,480 

18,282 
 
 Work in process 
 
 1,304 

1,781 
 
 Finished goods 
 
 27,624 

14,860 
 
 Total 

41,408 

34,923 

6. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

Property and equipment, net, consists of the following at May 31 : 
 F - 15 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

2012 
 
 2011 
 Furniture and equipment 

40,524 

38,715 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 
 13,881 

13,327 
 
 Construction in progress 
 
 282 

126 
 
 Total cost 
 
 54,687 

52,168 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 
 (41,557) 
 
 (37,949) 
 Total, net 

13,130 

14,219 

Changes in amounts included in accounts payable for purchase of property and equipment totaled 7 , (37) and 138 , respectively, at May 31, 2012 , 2011 and 2010 . 

F - 16 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 7. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET 

Goodwill and intangible assets, net, consist of the following at May 31 : 

2012 
 
 2011 

Gross Carrying 
 Amount 
 
 Accumul. 
 Amortiz. 
 
 Net Book 
 Value 
 
 Gross Carrying 
 Amount 
 
 Accumul. 
 Amortiz. 
 
 Net Book 
 Value 
 Goodwill 

78,192 

78,192 

4,346 

4,346 
 
 Intangible assets: 

Technology license agreement 

15,044 

(798) 

14,246 

Customer relationships 
 
 66,196 

(559) 
 
 65,637 

Supply agreement 
 
 2,264 

(453) 
 
 1,811 

Non-compete agreements 
 
 393 

(78) 
 
 315 

Trademarks and patents 
 
 65,689 

(700) 
 
 64,989 

700 

(700) 

149,586 

(2,588) 

146,998 

700 

(700) 

The technology license agreement, which grants perpetual patent, trademark, know-how and copyright licenses, is amortized over an estimated useful life of 11 years and the customer relationships are amortized over an estimated useful life of 20 years, both recognizing amortization expense based on a method that reflects expected undiscounted cash flows. The supply agreement is amortized over an estimated useful life of 3 years and non-compete agreements are amortized over estimated useful lives of 5 years, both recognizing amortization expense using the straight-line method. Certain trademarks with a carrying value of 64,989 have been determined to have indefinite lives and are not being amortized. 
 
 Amortization expense for fiscal 2012 was 1,888 . There was no amortization expense for fiscal 2011 or 2010 . Amortization expense of 453 related to the supply agreement is included in cost of goods sold. Amortization expense related to the other intangible assets is reflected as an operating expense and included in amortization of intangibles. Estimated amortization expense for the next five fiscal years, assuming no changes in our intangible assets, is 6,060 2013 ), 6,115 2014 ), 5,726 2015 ), 5,870 2016 ), and 5,697 2017 ). 
 
 Goodwill and intangible assets (and useful lives) resulting from the Airborne Acquisition are preliminary. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of the Airborne Acquisition. 
 
 8. ACCRUED EXPENSES 

Accrued expenses consist of the following at May 31 : 

2012 
 
 2011 
 Accrued personnel related costs 

6,969 

4,884 
 
 Accrued promotional costs 
 
 10,595 

10,153 
 
 Other 
 
 1,877 

1,122 
 
 Total 

19,441 

16,159 

9. LONG-TERM DEBT 

On August 18, 2009, we entered into, through our wholly-owned direct operating subsidiary Schiff Nutrition Group, Inc. SNG ), an 80,000 revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with U.S. Bank National Association, as Agent. Borrowings under the Credit Facility were subject to interest at floating rates based on U.S. Bank's prime rate, the Federal Funds rate, or the LIBOR rate. In addition, we were obligated to pay certain commitment fees on any 
 F - 17 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 unused amounts based on rates ranging from 0.25 to 0.50 . The Credit Facility, which was scheduled to mature on August 18, 2012, was terminated on March 30, 2012. 
 
 On March 30, 2012, we replaced the Credit Facility with a new credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ), with Royal Bank of Canada as agent, that provides for borrowings up to 200,000 . Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, as amended, we borrowed 140,000 of term loans (the Term Loans to partially finance our acquisition of Airborne, Inc. The Credit Agreement also provides a 60,000 revolving credit facility (the Revolver Loans ), which may be used to fund our normal working capital and capital expenditure requirements, and certain permitted strategic transactions. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at floating rates, subject to a floor, based on the Royal Bank of Canada's prime rate, the Federal Funds rate, or the adjusted Eurodollar rate. The Term Loans mature on March 30, 2018, and Revolver Loans mature on March 30, 2017. The Term Loans will amortize in equal quarterly installments in an amount equal to 1.00 per annum of the original principal amount thereof, with the remaining balance due at final maturity. We may prepay any loans without penalty or premium, and Term Loans may be repaid at a discount subject to conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement. We are required to prepay any Term Loans in an amount equal to (i) 100 of the net cash proceeds from any debt incurred by us, (ii) 100 of any asset sales, casualty and condemnation events and (iii) 50 of excess cash flow (such percentage to be subject to reduction based on achievement of specified senior secured net leverage ratios), in each case, subject to certain reinvestment rights and other exceptions. We are obligated to pay certain commitment fees on any unused amounts based on rates ranging from 0.375 to 0.750 . 
 
 At May 31, 2012 , we had outstanding 2,000 in Revolver Loans; and 133,762 in Term Loans, which is net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 6,238 . The interest rate on the Revolver and Term Loans, respectively, was 4.99 and 6.00 at May 31, 2012 . The current portion of the Revolver and Term Loans, reflected as a current liability in the May 31, 2012 balance sheet, is 3,400 . Although contractually due on March 30, 2017, the outstanding 2,000 in Revolver Loans was paid in July 2012 and is reflected as a current liability at May 31, 2012. 
 
 At May 31, 2012 , future maturities of the Revolver and Term Loans, excluding debt issuance costs, are as follows; 3,400 2013 ), 1,400 2014 ), 1,400 2015 ), 1,400 2016 ), 1,400 2017 and 133,000 thereafter. These future maturities exclude potential elective or required pre-payments as described above, if any. 
 
 Cash interest payments amounted to 2,220 , 227 and 194 , respectively, for fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 . 
 
 10. INCOME TAXES 

The components of income tax expense for fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 , are as follows: 

2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Federal: 

Current 

7,156 

5,406 

10,365 
 
 Deferred 
 
 630 

1,215 

(976) 
 State and local: 

Current 
 
 1,174 

491 

915 
 
 Deferred 
 
 114 

136 

(108) 
 Total 

9,074 

7,248 

10,196 

Income tax expense differs from a calculated income tax at the Federal statutory rate as follows: 

2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Computed Federal income tax expense at the statutory rate of 35 

7,980 

6,962 

10,025 
 
 State income tax expense 
 
 859 

627 

807 
 
 Non-deductible acquisition related costs 
 
 698 

Other 
 
 (463) 
 
 (341) 
 
 (636) 
 Total 

9,074 

7,248 

10,196 

F - 18 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 Net cash income tax payments amounted to 5,213 , 4,266 and 9,655 , respectively, for fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 . 
 
 Deferred income taxes, net, consist of the following at May 31 : 

2012 
 
 2011 

Current 
 
 Long-Term 
 
 Current 
 
 Long-Term 
 Assets: 

Accounts receivable allowances 

1,184 

530 

Inventories adjustment 
 
 1,292 

1,029 

Long-term incentive awards 

1,708 

1,863 
 
 Acquisition costs 

499 
 
 Accrued vacation, bonuses, dividends and other 
 
 1,273 

151 

1,865 

343 
 
 Total 
 
 3,749 

1,859 

3,424 

2,705 
 
 Liabilities: 

Basis differences in fixed and intangible assets 

(47,211) 

(4,088) 
 Prepaid insurance 
 
 (146) 

(137) 

Other 
 
 (323) 

(215) 

Total 
 
 (469) 
 
 (47,211) 
 
 (352) 
 
 (4,088) 
 Deferred income taxes, net 

3,280 

(45,352) 

3,072 

(1,383) 

At May 31, 2012 , we have no net operating loss, capital loss or tax credit carryforwards. No valuation allowance is required since we believe that it is more likely than not that existing deferred tax assets will be realized. The amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable, could be reduced or increased in the near-term if facts, including the amount of taxable income, differs from our estimates. 
 
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits (excluding interest and penalties) is as follows: 
 Balance at June 1, 2009 
 
 196 
 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 
 121 
 
 Additions based on tax positions related to prior years 
 38 
 
 Reductions for tax positions of prior years 
 (26) 
 Balance at May 31, 2010 
 329 
 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 
 106 
 
 Additions based on tax positions related to prior years 
 89 
 
 Reductions for tax positions of prior years 
 (27) 
 Balance at May 31, 2011 
 497 
 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 
 116 
 
 Additions based on tax positions related to prior years 

Reductions for tax positions of prior years 
 (161) 
 Balance at May 31, 2012 
 
 452 

F - 19 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 Unrecognized tax benefits decreased during fiscal 2012 and 2011 as follows: 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 Timing differences related to the expiration of statute of limitations: 

Related to the amortization of certain intangible assets 
 
 27 

27 
 
 Related to the recognition of inventory obsolescence 
 11 

Permanent differences related to the expiration of statute of limitations: 

Related to certain federal tax deductions/credits 
 43 

Related to certain state tax credits 
 6 

Permanent differences related to the successful appeal for certain state tax credits 
 74 

161 

27 

Of the 452 total unrecognized tax benefits at May 31, 2012 , 424 would affect the effective income tax rate, if recognized. We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011 , respectively, we recognized an increase (decrease) of (1) and 12 in interest and penalties. At May 31, 2012 and 2011 , respectively, we had 22 and 23 in accrued interest and penalties. The total unrecognized tax benefit accrued (including interest and penalties) was 474 and 520 , respectively, at May 31, 2012 and 2011 . We do not anticipate that unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within 12 months of the reporting date. We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and in various state and local jurisdictions. We are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for years prior to fiscal 2009 , and we are no longer subject to state and local income tax examinations for years prior to fiscal 2008 . 
 
 11. CASH DIVIDENDS 

In July 2009, our Board of Directors approved a 0.50 per share special cash dividend, payable on August 28, 2009 to stockholders of record of Class A and Class B common stock at the close of business on August 14, 2009. In connection with the declaration of the special dividend, our Board of Directors approved dividend equivalent rights, allowing holders (employees and directors) of certain equity awards, including stock options and restricted stock units, to receive cash dividends on each share of common stock underlying the stock options and restricted stock units. As of August 14, 2009, the record date, we had an aggregate of 29.9 million shares of common stock outstanding (including shares of common stock underlying equity awards subject to dividend equivalent rights), including 27.6 million shares of outstanding Class A and Class B common stock, 1.3 million shares of Class A common stock underlying outstanding stock options, and 1.0 million shares of Class A common stock underlying outstanding restricted stock units. The aggregate amount of the special dividend was 14,927 , presuming 100 vesting of shares underlying equity awards; 7,440 for holders of Class A common stock, including 1,105 for Class A common stock underlying equity awards, and 7,487 for the holder of Class B common stock. 
 
 In March 2010, our Board of Directors approved a 0.50 per share special cash dividend, which was paid on April 14, 2010 to stockholders of record of Class A and Class B common stock at the close of business on March 31, 2010. In connection with the declaration of the special dividend, our Board of Directors approved dividend equivalent rights, allowing holders (employees and directors) of certain equity awards, including stock options and restricted stock units, to receive cash dividends on each share of common stock underlying the stock options and restricted stock units. As of March 31, 2010, the record date, we had an aggregate of 29.8 million shares of common stock outstanding (including shares of common stock underlying equity awards subject to dividend equivalent rights), including 27.8 million shares of outstanding Class A and Class B common stock, 1.0 million shares of Class A common stock underlying outstanding stock options, and 1.0 million shares of Class A common stock underlying outstanding restricted stock units. The aggregate amount of the special dividend was 14,909 , presuming 100 vesting of shares underlying equity awards; 7,422 for holders of Class A common stock, including 991 for Class A common stock underlying equity awards, and 7,487 for the holder of Class B common stock. 
 
 In September 2010, our Board of Directors approved a 0.70 per share special cash dividend, which was paid on October 26, 2010 to stockholders of record of Class A and Class B common stock at the close of business on September 23, 2010. In connection with the declaration of the special dividend, our Board of Directors approved dividend equivalent rights, allowing holders (employees and directors) of certain equity awards, including stock options and restricted stock 
 F - 20 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 units, to receive cash dividends on each share of common stock underlying the stock options and restricted stock units. As of September 23, 2010, the record date, we had an aggregate of 29.8 million shares of common stock outstanding (including shares of common stock underlying equity awards subject to dividend equivalent rights), including 27.8 million shares of outstanding Class A and Class B common stock, 1.0 million shares of Class A common stock underlying outstanding stock options, and 1.0 million shares of Class A common stock underlying outstanding restricted stock units. The aggregate amount of the special dividend was 20,884 , presuming 100 vesting of shares underlying equity awards; 10,403 for holders of Class A common stock, including 1,384 for Class A common stock underlying equity awards, and 10,481 for the holder of Class B common stock. 
 
 In connection with the dividends paid or payable on the dividend equivalent rights received by holders (employees and directors) of stock options and certain restricted stock units, we recognized non-cash compensation expense and corresponding increase in additional paid-in capital of 703 and 506 , respectively, during fiscal 2011 and 2010. 
 
 All of the restricted stock and restricted stock units outstanding as of the dividend record dates were vested as of May 31, 2012 . However, with respect to the vested restricted stock units for which the issuance of shares underlying these restricted stock units has been deferred, the dividends will not be distributed until after the deferred shares are issued. 
 
 12. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss for fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 , are as follows: 
 2012 
 
 Pre-tax 
 Loss 
 
 Tax 
 Expense 
 
 Net 
 Loss 
 Available-for-sale debt securities valuation adjustment: 

Unrealized losses 

141 

56 

85 
 
 Reclassification adjustment for realized loss (gain) 

Net unrealized loss 

141 

56 

85 
 
 2011 

Available-for-sale debt securities valuation adjustment: 

Unrealized losses 

110 

44 

66 
 
 Reclassification adjustment for realized loss (gain) 

Net unrealized loss 

110 

44 

66 
 
 2010 

Available-for-sale debt securities valuation adjustment: 

Unrealized losses 

129 

51 

78 
 
 Reclassification adjustment for realized loss (gain) 

Net unrealized loss 

129 

51 

78 

F - 21 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 13. EARNINGS PER SHARE 

The reconciliation of numerators and denominators basic and diluted earnings per share computations for fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 , are as follows: 

2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Income available to common shareholders (numerator): 

Net income 

13,727 

12,642 

18,446 
 
 Adjustments 

Income on which basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated 

13,727 

12,642 

18,446 
 
 Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (denominator): 

Basic 
 
 29,296,261 

28,986,227 

28,360,184 
 
 Add-incremental shares from restricted stock 
 
 48,625 

15,575 

32,838 
 
 Add-incremental shares from restricted stock units 
 
 1,506 

42,344 

107,749 
 
 Add-incremental shares from stock options 
 
 100,243 

207,884 

427,391 
 
 Diluted 
 
 29,446,635 

29,252,030 

28,928,162 

Options to purchase 176,000 shares of Class A common stock at prices ranging from 15.44 to 17.00 per share and options to purchase 160,000 shares of Class A common stock at a price of 9.63 per share were outstanding during fiscal 2012 and 2011 , respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the options' exercise prices were greater than the average market price of the common shares for the respective period. 
 
 The net income per share amounts are the same for Class A and Class B common stock and vested restricted stock units not yet issued because the holders of each class are legally entitled to equal per share distributions whether through dividends or in liquidation. 
 
 14. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS 

Our 1997 Equity Participation Plan, as amended (the 1997 Plan ), provided for the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted or deferred stock and other awards Awards to officers, directors and key employees responsible for the direction and management of our company and to non-employee consultants. Such Awards were granted at fair value as of the date of grant. Under the 1997 Plan, a total of 3,500,000 shares of Class A common stock (or the equivalent in other equity securities) were reserved for issuance. 
 
 On October 26, 2004, our stockholders adopted the Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. 2004 Incentive Award Plan as amended (the 2004 Plan ). Our 2004 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, performance shares, performance stock units, dividend equivalents, stock payments, deferred stock, restricted stock units, other stock-based awards, and performance-based awards to officers, directors, employees and consultants of our company and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Shares available for grant include 4,800,000 shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the 2004 Plan, plus the number of shares of Class A common stock that as of the date of adoption of the 2004 Plan were, or thereafter would otherwise become, available for issuance under the 1997 Plan. 
 
 Restricted stock units RSU s") and restricted shares granted under the 1997 Plan and the 2004 Plan generally vest over a three to five year period; either in equal amounts annually or 100 at the end of the vesting period. For certain RSU grants, the recipient may elect to defer the actual receipt of the shares beyond the vesting date. The fair value of RSU or restricted shares granted was the grant date closing price of our Class A stock. 
 
 F - 22 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 Stock options granted under the 1997 Plan and 2004 Plan primarily become exercisable after one to five years from the date of grant in equal, ratable amounts on each successive anniversary date. Stock options expire no later than eight years after the date of grant under the 1997 Plan and no later than ten years after the date of grant under the 2004 Plan. 
 
 The fair value of options granted was estimated at the date of grant using a Binomial Option pricing model for service-based options or a Monte Carlo simulation model for those options where exercisability is dependent upon achieving a market condition with the following weighted average assumptions for fiscal 2011 and 2009, respectively. There were no options granted during fiscal 2010. 

2012 
 
 2011 
 Expected volatility 
 
 42.26 

45.38 
 
 Expected term 
 
 6.78 
 years 
 
 7.00 
 years 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 1.88 

2.86 
 
 Dividend yield 
 
 0.00 

0.00 

Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of our stock. The expected term, which represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding, is based on historical data and other factors; including, exercise behavior patterns of differing groups of employees. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. 
 Information relating to stock options issued under the 1997 Plan and 2004 Plan is as follows: 

Number 
 of Shares 
 
 Weighted Average 
 Exercise Price 
 
 Weighted Average 
 Remaining Contractual 
 Term (in years) 
 
 Aggregate 
 Intrinsic Value 
 Options outstanding, June 1, 2009 
 
 1,271,267 

2.82 

Granted 

Exercised 
 
 (267,600) 
 
 2.60 

Canceled, forfeited and/or expired 

Options outstanding, May 31, 2010 
 
 1,003,667 

2.87 

Granted 
 
 1,223,643 

8.60 

Exercised 
 
 (754,242) 
 
 2.20 

Canceled, forfeited and/or expired 

Options outstanding, May 31, 2011 
 
 1,473,068 

7.97 

Granted 
 
 1,430,500 

11.63 

Exercised 
 
 (159,925) 
 
 4.77 

Canceled, forfeited and/or expired 

Options outstanding, May 31, 2012 
 
 2,743,643 

10.07 

8.89 

18,481 
 
 Exercisable options, May 31, 2012 
 
 252,409 

7.42 

6.90 

2,367 

The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted was 5.26 and 4.42 , respectively, for fiscal 2012 and 2011 . The total intrinsic value of options exercised was 978 , 4,400 and 927 , respectively, for 2012 , 2011 and 2010 . We received 342 , 159 and 162 , respectively, for stock options exercised during fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 . In addition, during fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 respectively, 38,874 , 185,659 and 86,064 shares of common stock valued at 419 , 1,502 and 534 (the aggregate exercise price) were surrendered as a result of 83,500 , 718,500 and 205,000 stock options exercised in cashless transactions. 
 
 F - 23 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 Information relating to RSU s issued under the 1997 Plan and 2004 Plan is as follows: 

Number 
 of Shares 
 
 Weighted Average 
 Grant Date 
 Fair Value 
 RSU's outstanding, June 1, 2009 
 
 996,632 

5.33 
 
 Granted 
 
 28,422 

5.91 
 
 Converted 
 
 (22,490) 
 
 5.81 
 
 Forfeited 
 
 (41,416) 
 
 5.55 
 
 RSU's outstanding, May 31, 2010 
 
 961,148 

5.33 
 
 Granted 
 
 25,523 

7.64 
 
 Converted 
 
 (3,711) 
 
 4.85 
 
 Forfeited 

RSU's outstanding, May 31, 2011 
 
 982,960 

5.39 
 
 Granted 
 
 4,215 

11.86 
 
 Converted 
 
 (692,575) 
 
 5.24 
 
 Forfeited 

RSU's outstanding, May 31, 2012 
 
 294,600 

5.84 
 
 Vested RSU's, May 31, 2012 
 
 286,295 

5.60 

Information relating to non-vested restricted shares issued under the 1997 Plan and 2004 Plan is as follows: 

Number 
 of Shares 
 
 Weighted Average 
 Grant Date Fair Value 
 Non-vested restricted shares outstanding, June 1, 2009 
 
 95,769 

5.20 
 
 Granted 
 
 30,096 

5.58 
 
 Vested 
 
 (18,284) 
 
 5.18 
 
 Forfeited 
 
 (12,819) 
 
 4.68 
 
 Non-vested restricted shares outstanding, May 31, 2010 
 
 94,762 

5.39 
 
 Granted 
 
 212,257 

8.37 
 
 Vested 
 
 (105,417) 
 
 5.64 
 
 Forfeited 

Non-vested restricted shares outstanding, May 31, 2011 
 
 201,602 

8.39 
 
 Granted 
 
 56,603 

11.76 
 
 Vested 
 
 (55,531) 
 
 9.10 
 
 Forfeited 
 
 (4,090) 
 
 8.15 
 
 Non-vested restricted shares outstanding, May 31, 2012 
 
 198,584 

9.16 

In February 2011, our Board of Directors appointed a new Chief Executive Officer CEO ), replacing our retiring CEO, effective March 7, 2011. The Company entered into an employment agreement with the new CEO, pursuant to which he was granted certain equity awards with a grant date value aggregating 6,045 . The equity awards consist of 163,637 shares of restricted stock with a grant date value of 1,381 ; a stock option to purchase 654,550 shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 8.44 per share with a grant date value of 2,740 ; and stock options to purchase 409,093 shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 8.44 per share with a grant date value of 1,924 . The restricted stock and option to purchase 654,550 shares vest in equal annual installments over a five -year period, in each case subject to continued employment with the Company through each such vesting date. The options to purchase 409,093 shares will be eligible to vest in three stages based upon the Company s achievement of stock 
 F - 24 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 price targets of 15.00 , 20.00 and 25.00 , in each case subject to continued employment with the Company through applicable service periods ranging from 2.4 to 4.4 years. All stock options granted to the new CEO expire no later than ten years from the grant date. For fiscal 2012 and 2011 , respectively, we recognized 1,406 and 328 in compensation expense related to these equity awards. 
 
 On December 12, 2008, the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors, pursuant to the 2004 Plan, approved the grant of long-term incentive performance awards Performance Awards to certain officers and employees. The Performance Awards were granted based on a target awards value of 5,525 and were originally to be earned based on the Company s cumulative performance against three pre-established financial performance targets over a performance period commencing October 1, 2008 and ending on May 31, 2011, as follows: (i) 50 of the awards opportunity earned based on cumulative net sales for the performance period; (ii) 35 of the award opportunity earned based on cumulative operating income for the performance period; and (iii) 15 of the award opportunity earned based on cumulative net cash flow for the performance period; provided, however, that no amount would be earned or payable if cumulative operating income for the performance period did not meet or exceed a pre-established threshold amount. In the event that the cumulative operating income threshold was met, participants would earn from 17.5 of the target award value for the Company s threshold performance against the cumulative operating income goal (and failure to meet the thresholds for the other two financial goals) and up to 150 of the target award value for maximum Company performance against all three financial goals. 
 
 The earned value of the Performance Awards was scheduled to vest on May 31, 2011 subject to continued service by the participant(s) through that date. The vested portion of the earned value of the Performance Awards was to be paid in a combination of cash and shares of the Company s Class A common stock. Two-thirds of the earned value would be delivered to participants in cash (subject to any applicable plan limitations, less applicable taxes), and the remaining balance would be paid in shares, based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the day preceding the date of the Compensation Committee s certification of the Company s performance, or as otherwise provided in the award agreements. No dividends were to be paid or accrued with respect to shares granted in payment of the Performance Awards until such shares were issued. 
 
 Recognition of compensation expense and accrual of the corresponding liability related to the Performance Awards was based on the periodic assessment of the probability that the performance criteria would be achieved. However, the WHF-TPG transaction resulted in the accelerated vesting and payment of the Performance Awards at the target award value of 5,525 . As a result, during fiscal 2011, we issued 330,026 shares of Class A common stock valued at 2,508 and paid 3,017 in cash for settlement of the Performance Awards. Concurrent with the settlement, we reacquired (and retired) 220,377 shares valued at 1,675 to satisfy employee minimum income tax withholding requirements. For fiscal 2011 and 2010, respectively, we recognized 2,985 and 2,540 in compensation expense related to the Performance Awards of which 1,661 and 848 was stock-based compensation which was ultimately charged to paid-in capital upon payment of the Performance Awards during fiscal 2011. 
 
 On December 12, 2008, the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors also granted 240,500 RSU's (collectively, the Units to certain employees not participating in the Performance Awards program. Each Unit represented the right to receive one share of the Company's Class A common stock upon vesting. The aggregate value, before forfeitures, of the Units at the grant date was 1,332 , which was being expensed over the vesting period. The Units were scheduled to cliff vest on May 31, 2011, or as otherwise provided in the award agreements, assuming the holder was still employed by the Company. The shares were required to be issued within 30 days following vesting. Any dividends declared and payable between the grant date and the vesting date would be payable to the holder following the issuance of the shares. The WHF-TPG transaction resulted in accelerated vesting, but not issuance, of the Units. For fiscal 2011 and 2010 , respectively, we recognized 456 and 448 in compensation expense related to the Units. During June 2011, we issued 202,500 shares of Class A common stock for the vested Units. 
 
 Aggregate stock-based compensation expense for stock options, RSU's and restricted shares amounted to 2,911 , 3,268 and 1,711 , respectively, and the related tax benefit was approximately 1,154 , 1,296 and 678 , respectively, for fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 . At May 31, 2012 , total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation awards was approximately 12,046 , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.5 years. 

F - 25 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 15. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Leases We lease warehouse and office facilities, manufacturing and production facilities, transportation equipment and other equipment under operating lease agreements expiring through fiscal 2016. In June 2012, we amended our principal location lease agreement; extending the lease term from March 2013 to January 2023. At May 31, 2012 , future minimum payments of 2,551 under these non-cancelable operating leases are due as follows: 2,294 2013 ), 180 2014 ), 69 2015 and 8 2016 ). Rental expense was 2,573 , 2,356 and 2,416 , respectively, for fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 . 
 
 Purchase Commitments At May 31, 2012 , we were committed to future purchases primarily for inventory related items, including raw materials, packaging and outsourced contract manufacturing, under open purchase orders for specified quantities with fixed price provisions aggregating 19,584 . 
 
 Litigation - We are involved in various legal actions that arise in the normal course of business. Although ultimate liability cannot be determined at the present time, based on available information, we do not believe the resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. However, it is possible that future litigation could arise, or that developments could occur in existing litigation, that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are engaged in litigation concerning advertising statements relating to our Move Free Advanced products. In a case filed in May 2011 and pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California Lerma ), the plaintiff has brought two California statutory claims (under the Consumer Legal Remedies Act and the Unfair Competition Law) and a common law breach of express warranty claim, each of which alleges false or misleading advertising by us. The plaintiff seeks to certify a class, which would consist of all California residents who purchased Move Free Advanced within the class period. The plaintiff seeks actual damages, punitive damages and injunctive relief on behalf of this purported class. In another case filed in December 2011 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division Pearson ), the plaintiff alleged violations of the Illinois Consumer Fraud Act and similar consumer fraud statutes of certain other states relating to our advertising for Move Free Advanced, as well as personal injury and negligence claims. In Pearson , the plaintiff sought to certify a class consisting of purchasers of Move Free Advanced within the applicable statute of limitations period or, alternatively, all Illinois residents who purchased these products within the applicable limitations period. The plaintiff also sought actual damages, medical monitoring and attorneys' fees. In February 2012, Pearson was voluntarily dismissed. In March 2012, the plaintiff in Lerma was granted leave of court to add the Pearson named plaintiff and his allegations and claims to the Lerma case. All of the plaintiffs' claims on behalf of respective proposed classes are now pending in Lerma . We dispute the plaintiffs' allegations and intend to vigorously defend ourselves in the litigation. At this time, however, we are unable to determine the amount of loss, if any, from these matters. 
 
 We establish liabilities when a particular contingency is probable and estimable. As of May 31, 2012, it is reasonably possible that exposure to loss exists in excess of amounts accrued. However, such amount, if any, cannot be currently estimated. 
 
 Royalties - Pursuant to an agreement with WHF and certain other parties, Mariz Gestao E Investimentos Limitada Mariz obtained the exclusive international rights to use the trademarks and brand names used by WHF and its affiliates on or prior to December 1996. Mariz is a company incorporated under the laws of Portugal and owned by a trust of which the family members of a director are included among the beneficiaries. Pursuant to a sublicense agreement with Mariz dated as of December 1, 1996, we obtained the exclusive international worldwide rights to use these trademarks and brand names outside the United States, Canada, Mexico, Spain and Portugal (for which countries we have the rights outside of the Mariz sublicense), except in Japan. Certain terms of the sublicense were amended and the rights under the sublicense to the Weider name and certain related trademarks were transferred as of March 1, 2005 in connection with the sale of our Weider branded business to Weider Global Nutrition, LLC WGN ), a wholly owned subsidiary of WHF. 
 
 Under the terms of the amended sublicense agreement, we are required to make annual royalty payments to Mariz on sales of products covered by the agreement in countries other than those listed above. The royalty payments, as amended, are equal to (i) 4.0 of sales up to 7,000 (ii) 3.5 of sales greater than 7,000 and less than 14,000 ; (iii) 
 F - 26 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 3.0 of sales greater than 14,000 and less than 21,000 ; and (iv) 2.5 of sales over 21,000 . The sublicense agreement includes an irrevocable buy-out option, exercisable by us after February 28, 2009, for a purchase price equal to the greater of 2,000 or 6.5 times the aggregate royalties paid by us in the royalty year immediately preceding the date of the exercise of the option. 
 
 On September 19, 2007, we entered into a license agreement with Mariz providing for non-exclusive rights to use the Schiff and Move Free trademarks in connection with the sale of joint care products to Costco Wholesale Corporation Costco in Japan. The initial term of the license agreement was for three years following the launch of our product into Japan. On March 10, 2011, we renewed and amended the license agreement for an additional three years commencing June 1, 2011. We may renew the license agreement for a successive three -year term if certain minimum sales levels are achieved during the sixth year following the product launch. The amended license agreement provides that we continue to pay royalties equal to 5 of joint care product sales to Costco in Japan with guaranteed minimum annual royalties ranging from 125 to 225 for each year the agreement is in effect. Each party has certain termination rights, and depending on which party terminates and the reason for the termination, we may continue to owe the guaranteed minimum royalties for a period following termination of the license agreement. 
 
 Royalty expense, related to the Mariz licensing agreements, amounted to 494 , 491 and 512 , respectively, for fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 . 
 
 Retirement Plan We sponsor a contributory 401(k) savings plan covering all employees who have met minimum age and service requirements. We make discretionary contributions of 50 of the employee s contributions up to the first seven percent of the employee s compensation. Contribution expense amounted to 452 , 483 and 482 , respectively, for fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 . 
 
 16. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Related party transactions, not otherwise disclosed, are summarized below. 
 
 We provide contract manufacturing services to WGN. For fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 , respectively, net sales to WGN were 147 , 598 and 1,037 , with a gross profit of 38 , 47 and 99 . In addition, for fiscal 2012 , 2011 and 2010 , respectively, we received 0 , 18 and 249 (reflected as a reduction in operating expenses), for certain general and administrative, research and development, and logistics services provided to WGN. 
 
 In fiscal 2012, we paid TPG Capital Management, L.P. 426 as reimbursement for time for due diligence and negotiations and out-of-pocket expenses in connection with the Airborne Acquisition. 
 
 F - 27 

 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

 17. QUARTERLY RESULTS (UNAUDITED) 

Quarterly results (unaudited) for fiscal 2012 and 2011 are as follows: 

Quarter Ended 

Aug 31 
 
 Nov 30 
 
 Feb 29 
 
 May 31 
 2012: 

Net sales 

58,238 

61,030 

72,211 

67,432 
 
 Gross profit 
 
 26,042 

26,827 

33,087 

33,402 
 
 Income from operations 
 
 7,753 

4,261 

7,100 

6,348 
 
 Income tax expense 
 
 2,699 

1,594 

2,358 

2,423 
 
 Net income 
 
 4,703 

2,436 

4,630 

1,958 
 
 Basic net income per share 
 
 0.16 

0.08 

0.16 

0.07 
 
 Diluted net income per share 
 
 0.16 

0.08 

0.16 

0.07 

Quarter Ended 

Aug 31 
 
 Nov 30 
 
 Feb 28 
 
 May 31 
 2011: 

Net sales 

51,419 

52,622 

57,735 

51,872 
 
 Gross profit 
 
 20,305 

20,205 

20,872 

19,794 
 
 Income from operations 
 
 5,863 

3,059 

6,353 

4,918 
 
 Income tax expense 
 
 2,127 

1,192 

2,187 

1,742 
 
 Net income 
 
 3,689 

1,836 

4,045 

3,072 
 
 Basic net income per share 
 
 0.13 

0.06 

0.14 

0.11 
 
 Diluted net income per share 
 
 0.13 

0.06 

0.14 

0.10 

F - 28 

SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 VALUATION OF QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 YEARS ENDED MAY 31, 2012 , 2011 AND 2010 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Description 
 
 Balance at 
 Beginning of Year 
 
 Reductions Charged 
 to Costs / Expenses 
 
 Additions Charged 
 to Net Sales 
 
 Additions due 
 to Acquisitions 
 
 Deductions 
 /Write-offs 
 
 Balance at 
 End of Year 
 ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS: 

2010 

450 

(274) 

176 
 
 2011 

176 

(18) 

158 
 
 2012 

158 

(12) 

54 

200 
 
 ALLOWANCE FOR SALES RETURNS AND DISCOUNTS: 

2010 

1,885 

8,811 

(8,903) 

1,793 
 
 2011 

1,793 

7,988 

(8,156) 

1,625 
 
 2012 

1,625 

10,830 

585 

(9,162) 

3,878 

<EX-10.32>
 2
 shf-ex1032_2012531xk.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.32

SHF-EX10.32_2012.5.31-K 

Exhibit 10.32 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO BUILD-TO-SUIT LEASE AGREEMENT 
 This First Amendment to Build-To-Suit Lease Agreement (the First Amendment is made and entered into by and between VERDE SOUTH 5070 WEST, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Landlord ), and SCHIFF NUTRITION GROUP, INC. , a Utah corporation, formerly known as Weider Nutrition Group, Inc. Tenant ). This First Amendment shall be effective for all purposes upon the full and complete execution hereof by Landlord and Tenant (the Effective Date ). 
 WHEREAS, Landlord is successor-in-interest to FR Net Lease Co-Investment Program 1, LLC, who was successor-in-interest to Cent-Mark Property, Inc., who was successor-in-interest to SCI Development Services Incorporated Original Landlord and 
 WHEREAS, the Original Landlord and Tenant executed and entered into that certain Build-To-Suit Lease Agreement, dated March 20, 1996 Original Lease ), pursuant to which Tenant leases that certain land situated in Salt Lake County, Utah, more particularly described on attached Exhibit A (the Existing Leased Land and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the Original Lease, Tenant occupies those certain premises containing a total of approximately 416,634 square feet within a building constructed by Landlord s predecessor-in-interest, located within the Existing Leased Land and situated on or about 2002 South 5070 West, Salt Lake City, Utah (the Building ), as depicted on attached Exhibit B (the Existing Leased Space and, collectively with the Existing Leased Land, the Existing Premises and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Original Lease, the Lease Term is scheduled to expire on March 31, 2013; and 
 WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant desire to amend the terms of the Original Lease to extend the Lease Term, to reduce the size of, and reconfigure, the Existing Premises, and to modify certain other terms and provisions of the Original Lease, all subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of this First Amendment; 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the terms, conditions, covenants and agreements set forth herein, and the mutual benefits to be derived from this First Amendment, Landlord and Tenant agree that the Original Lease is hereby amended and modified as follows: 
 1. Defined Terms . All capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meaning as defined in the Original Lease, unless otherwise defined in this First Amendment. The Original Lease, as modified and amended by this First Amendment, shall be hereinafter referred to as the Lease . 
 2. Extension Term . The Lease Term is hereby extended for an additional period of One Hundred Twenty (120) months commencing on and as of February 1, 2013 (the Extension 

Commencement Date and, except in the event otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms and conditions of this First Amendment, expiring on January 31, 2023 (the Extension Term ), upon and subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Original Lease except as otherwise expressly provided in this First Amendment. For purposes of this First Amendment and the Lease, Lease Term or Term shall be deemed to reference and include, from and after the Extension Commencement Date, the Extension Term. 
 3. Surrendered Premises . Effective on and as of 11:59:59 p.m. (M.S.T.) on January 31, 2013 (the Surrender Date ), Tenant shall surrender to Landlord (i) a portion of the Existing Leased Space consisting of approximately 86,400 square feet within the Building (the Surrendered Leased Space ), and (ii) a portion of the Existing Leased Land that adjoins the Surrendered Leased Space Surrendered Leased Land and, collectively with the Surrendered Leased Space, the Surrendered Premises ), all as generally depicted and described on attached Exhibit C (the Site Plan ), and as confirmed in writing by the parties as soon as reasonably practicable following the Surrender Date, subject to the following: 
 (a) Except as otherwise specified in this First Amendment, Tenant shall surrender the Surrendered Premises to Landlord in accordance with the terms of the Lease governing surrender of the Existing Leased Space, including, without limitation, the applicable provisions of Paragraph 11 and Paragraph 18 of the Original Lease; provided, however, that, other than any Excluded Property, Tenant shall not be obligated to remove any Tenant-Made Alterations (as that term is defined in Paragraph 11 of the Original Lease) from the Surrendered Premises, notwithstanding any term or condition of this First Amendment or the Original Lease, including without limitation, the terms and conditions of Paragraph 11 and Paragraph 18 of the Original Lease. In particular, Tenant shall remove from the Surrendered Premises, on or before the Surrender Date, the trade fixtures, movable furnishings and other personal property of Tenant, together with those other items listed in attached Exhibit D (collectively, the Excluded Property ). Accordingly, as of the Surrender Date, Landlord shall accept the Surrendered Premises in its AS-IS , WHERE-IS and WITH ALL FAULTS condition. 
 (b) On and as of the Surrender Date, Tenant shall and hereby agrees to release all of its right, title and interest in and to the Surrendered Premises, subject, however, to Tenant s Right of First Refusal (as defined below) pertaining to such Surrendered Premises and, further, Tenant s right to use and access (i) the Utility Room (as defined below) and (ii) the Surrendered Premises as and to the extent part of the Common Areas (as defined below). Except as otherwise specified in this First Amendment or as and to the extent part of the Common Areas, Tenant agrees that Tenant shall have no further right to use, occupy or have possession of the Surrendered Premises or any portion thereof following the Surrender Date, except in connection with, if any, Tenant s exercise of its Right of First Refusal in accordance with the terms and conditions of this First Amendment. Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Original Lease to the contrary, Tenant hereby acknowledges and agrees to be fully responsible and liable to Landlord and to immediately reimburse Landlord for any and all damages incurred by Landlord due to any holding over by Tenant of the Surrendered Premises from and after the Surrender Date and, specifically, to pay rent with respect to the Surrendered Premises during any such holdover period in accordance with the terms of the Original Lease otherwise due and payable by reason of any such holdover. 
 2 

(c) Subject to subparagraph 3(e) below, except as and to the extent Tenant shall exercise its Right of First Refusal for any part or all of the Surrendered Premises and, then, take possession, use or occupy any part or all of the Surrendered Premises, or, further, except in connection with Tenant s use of, and access to (i) the Utility Room and (ii) the Surrendered Leased Land as and to the extent part of the Common Areas (as defined below), with respect to the Surrendered Premises only and/or as otherwise specified in this First Amendment, Landlord agrees, from and after the Surrender Date, (i) to forever release and discharge Tenant from all duties, obligations, covenants, agreements and liabilities of Tenant, whether arising under the Original Lease, this First Amendment or otherwise, pertaining to the Surrendered Premises, and (ii) not to make any demands or assert any claims pertaining to such duties, obligations, covenants, agreements or liabilities, whether arising under the Original Lease, this First Amendment or otherwise, pertaining to the Surrendered Premises, including without limitation with respect to any Tenant-Made Alterations located within the Surrendered Premises. Notwithstanding any term or condition of the Original Lease or this First Amendment, and in consideration of the terms and conditions of this First Amendment, Landlord, by the execution hereof, agrees not to make or assert any claim of default under the Lease relating to the Surrendered Premises by reason of any actions or omissions of Tenant on or before the Effective Date, including without limitation with respect to any Tenant-Made Alterations located within the Surrendered Premises. 
 (d) Subject to subparagraph 3(e) below, except as and to the extent Tenant shall exercise its Right of First Refusal for any part or all of the Surrendered Premises and, then, take possession, use or occupy any part or all of the Surrendered Premises, or, further, except in connection with Tenant s use of, and access to (i) the Utility Room and (ii) the Surrendered Leased Land as and to the extent part of the Common Areas (as defined below), with respect to the Surrendered Premises only and except as otherwise specified in this First Amendment, Tenant agrees, from and after the Surrender Date, (i) to forever release and discharge Landlord from all obligations, covenants, agreements and liabilities of Landlord, whether arising under the Original Lease, this First Amendment or otherwise, pertaining to the Surrendered Premises, and (ii) not to make any demands or assert any claims pertaining to such obligations, covenants, agreements and liabilities under the Original Lease, this First Amendment or otherwise pertaining to the Surrendered Premises after the Surrender Date. Notwithstanding any term or condition of the Original Lease or this First Amendment, and conditions of this First Amendment, Tenant, by the execution hereof, agrees not to make or assert any claim of default under the Lease relating to the Surrendered Premises by reason of any actions or omissions of Landlord on or before the Effective Date. 
 (e) Except as otherwise specified herein (including without limitation, Tenant s Right of First Refusal and right to use and access the Utility Room), with respect to the Surrendered Premises only, Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that (i) Tenant shall continue to be fully liable to Landlord to the extent set forth in the Original Lease for any claim for personal injury or property damage arising from events occurring on or prior to the later of the Surrender Date or the date Tenant actually vacates and surrenders the Surrendered Premises to Landlord in the condition required by this Paragraph 3 , (ii) Landlord shall continue to be fully liable to Tenant to the extent set forth in the Original Lease for any claim for personal injury or property damage arising from events occurring 
 3 

on or prior to the Surrender Date, (iii) each shall continue to be fully liable to the other to the extent set forth in the Original Lease for any payments or refunds or credits relating to any reconciliation of any utilities, taxes, insurance costs, maintenance costs and/or other reimbursables payable under the Original Lease and attributable to periods up to the Surrender Date, (iv) each shall continue to be fully liable to the other for any breach of any obligation under this Paragraph 3 , and (v) each shall continue to be fully liable to the other for such other matters that are expressly provided in the Original Lease to survive any such termination and surrender of the Surrendered Premises under this First Amendment and the Original Lease, including without limitation, Tenant s Right of First Refusal and Landlord s other covenants and obligations pertaining to Landlord s or its tenants use, occupancy or lease of the Surrendered Premises from and after the Surrender Date. 
 (f) With respect to the Surrendered Premises only, except as and to the extent Tenant shall exercise its Right of First Refusal for any part or all of the Surrendered Premises and, then, take possession, use or occupy any part or all of the Surrendered Premises, or, further, except in connection with Tenant s use of, and access to (i) the Utility Room and (ii) the Surrendered Leased Land as and to the extent part of the Common Areas (as defined below), Tenant covenants and agrees with Landlord, and Landlord covenants and agrees with Tenant, that Tenant or Landlord, as the case may be, shall make or cause to be made any further written assurances of the termination and the surrender of the Surrendered Premises as Landlord or Tenant, as the case may be, may reasonably require from time to time consistent with the terms and conditions of this First Amendment. 
 (g) From and after the Surrender Date, Landlord shall keep and maintain the parking lot improvements situated on the Existing Leased Land (collectively, the Parking Lot Improvements in good order, condition and repair and otherwise in a condition customarily associated with parking lot improvements situated on or used in connection with properties reasonably comparable or similarly-situated to the Existing Leased Land and the Building. All costs paid and incurred by Landlord in connection with such maintenance and repair of the Parking Lot Improvements (the Parking Lot Maintenance Costs shall be deemed and constitute Common Area Expenses (as that term is defined below) for purposes of the Lease and this First Amendment, and Tenant shall be responsible, in accordance with Paragraph 7, below, for Tenant s proportionate share of such Parking Lot Maintenance Costs; provided, however, that: 
 (i) In no event shall Tenant s proportionate share of the aggregate Parking Lot Maintenance Costs incurred and paid by Landlord during the first three (3) years of the Extension Term exceed Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars 25,000) per year over such three (3) year period [up to 75,000.00, in the aggregate]; 
 (ii) Landlord shall perform, or cause to be performed, the maintenance and repair work relating to the Parking Lot Improvements, in accordance with subparagraph 6(b), below, and in the event Landlord shall fail to so perform, or cause such maintenance or repair work to be so performed, Tenant shall have the rights, and shall be entitled to exercise the remedies, set forth in subparagraph 6(b), below; and 
 4 

(iii) If, at any time during the Lease Term, and from and after the Surrender Date, Landlord reasonably determines, consistent with this subparagraph 3(g), that all or a substantial portion of the Parking Lot Improvements must be replaced (the Parking Lot Replacement Determination ), Landlord shall so notify Tenant, in writing, and include within such notice a written evaluation of the required Parking Lot Improvements prepared by a duly licensed and qualified parking lot improvement contractor (the Parking Lot Improvement Contractor setting forth the justification for such Parking Lot Replacement Determination, whereupon Tenant shall have the right to object thereto within five (5) business days by so notifying Landlord, in writing, and setting forth in such notice the basis for such objection and designating a duly licensed and qualified parking lot improvement contractor to review such determination, whereupon Landlord shall, within five (5) business days after receipt of such Tenant notice, designate a third alternative duly licensed and qualified parking lot improvement contractor to review such determination, and within thirty (30) days after such Tenant notice, the Parking Lot Improvement Contractor, Tenant s designated alternative parking lot improvement contractor and Landlord s designated alternative parking lot improvement contractor shall meet to review the Parking Lot Replacement Determination and shall within such thirty (30) day period, conclude, by not less than majority vote, whether any modifications to the Parking Lot Replacement Determination are necessary or appropriate in accordance with good industry standards and practices, and such determination will be binding upon Landlord and Tenant; provided further that: 
 (A) Tenant shall be solely responsible for any fees charged by Tenant s designated alternative parking lot improvement contractor and Landlord s designated alternative parking lot improvement contractor for such review and determination; and 
 (B) All costs and expenses incurred and paid by Landlord in connection with any Parking Lot Replacement Determination (as may be modified in accordance herewith) shall be deemed and constitute capital expenditures that are Common Area Expenses, and, accordingly, for purposes of determining Tenant s proportionate share of annual Common Area Expenses, shall be amortized, at an interest rate of 8 per annum, over a period not less than the useful life of such replaced parking lot improvements, as reasonably determined by the Parking Lot Improvement Contractor, or in the event Tenant objects to such determination, by so notifying Landlord, in writing, as determined by a panel of parking lot improvement contractors appointed in accordance with this subparagraph 3.g.(iii). 
 4. Confirmation of Premises . Landlord and Tenant hereby confirm, stipulate and agree that, for all periods on and after the Surrender Date, the term Premises shall be amended to mean, and shall consist of, collectively, (i) 330,234 square feet of space within the Building (the Revised Leased Space ), and (ii) the Land adjoining such 330,234 square feet of space (the Revised Leased Land ), all as more particularly depicted and described on attached Exhibit E . Further, Tenant s right to use and occupy the Premises in accordance with this Lease shall include the right to use in common with Landlord and any tenants of the Surrendered Premises, the 
 5 

Common Areas (as defined below). 
 5. Base Rent . Landlord and Tenant hereby agree that effective on February 1, 2013 and continuing throughout the remainder of the Extension Term, the Monthly Base Rent for the Premises shall be as follows: 
 February 1, 2013 - January 31, 2015 - 136,221.52 per month 4.95/rsf/annum) 1 
 February 1, 2015 - January 31, 2016 - 138,945.96 per month 5.049/rsf/annum) 
 February 1, 2016 - January 31, 2017 - 141,725.42 per month 5.150/rsf/annum) 
 February 1, 2017 - January 31, 2018 - 144,532.41 per month 5.252/rsf/annum) 
 February 1, 2018 - January 31, 2019 - 147,449.48 per month 5.358/rsf/annum) 
 February 1, 2019 - January 31, 2020 - 150,366.55 per month 5.464/rsf/annum) 
 February 1, 2020 - January 31, 2021 - 153,393.69 per month 5.574/rsf/annum) 
 February 1, 2021 - January 31, 2022 - 156,448.36 per month 5.685/rsf/annum) 
 February 1, 2022 - January 31, 2023 - 159,585.58 per month 5.799/rsf/annum) 
 6. First Amendment Improvements; First Amendment Allowance; Other Improvements . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything in the Lease to the contrary, Tenant is currently in possession of the Premises and, subject to any obligations, continuing, cost or otherwise, of Landlord under the Original Lease or this First Amendment, Tenant hereby accepts the Premises throughout the Extension Term, in its existing AS-IS , WHERE-IS and WITH ALL FAULTS condition, and, except as otherwise specified in this First Amendment (including without limitation those obligations of Landlord as set forth below), Landlord shall have no obligation whatsoever to refurbish or otherwise improve the Premises at any time through the expiration of the Extension Term, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord, at Landlord s sole cost and expense, utilizing standard building equipment, materials and methods, shall (collectively Landlord s Work ): 
 (i) with not less than thirty (30) days advance, written notice to Tenant and, then, within ninety (90) days following any such notice (the Completion Date ), take or cause to be taken such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to (A) erect a demising wall between the Revised Leased Space and the Surrendered Lease Space as may be necessary or appropriate to permanently and adequately secure the Revised Leased Space from the Surrendered Leased Space, (B) construct and establish a separate, commercially reasonable main entrance for the business, office and personnel areas part of the Surrendered Space, and (C) further, 
 1 For purposes of this First Amendment and the Original Lease, rsf means rental square feet or rentable square footage. 
 
 6 

provide Tenant with commercially reasonable and sufficient access to such equipment or facilities as or to the extent the same are not located within the Premises and as may be otherwise necessary to permit Tenant to use, repair or maintain utility equipment and facilities serving the Premises, including without limitation installing such doors or passage ways within or around the Building, again, all at Landlord s sole cost and expense, to facilitate such access, use, repair and/or maintenance to any such equipment and facilities and, further, to that certain utility room situated along the west wall of the Building as shown on the attached Site Plan (the Utility Room ), all in accordance with plans and specifications approved, in advance, by Tenant (said approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); 
 (ii) no later than thirty (30) days following the Surrender Date, install such equipment or facilities within the Building or otherwise as may be necessary or appropriate to cause all utilities usage within the Surrendered Premises to be separately metered from any utilities usage within the remaining Premises; and 
 (iii) as soon as reasonably practicable following the date (the Replacement Date a duly licensed and qualified roofing contractor, mutually acceptable to Landlord and Tenant (for purposes of this Amendment, Utah Tile and Roofing, Inc., a Utah corporation Utah Tile ), shall be deemed by Landlord and Tenant as so qualified and acceptable, but in any case, the Roofing Contractor ), determines, by written notice to Landlord and Tenant (the Roofing Contractor Notice that it is necessary and appropriate to replace the roof system of the Building (excluding any structural elements of the roof), in whole or in part (a Roof System Replacement Determination ), Landlord shall cause the roof system of the Building, or such portion thereof that is the subject of such Roof System Replacement Determination, to be replaced in accordance with plans and specifications approved, in advance, by Landlord and Tenant, said approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed (the Roof System Replacement Work provided however that 
 (A) Tenant shall not be liable, cost or otherwise, for any costs incurred by Landlord to perform or to cause the Roof System Replacement Work to be performed (collectively, the Roof System Replacement Cost 
 (B) No portion of the Roof System Replacement Cost shall be deducted from, or constitute any portion of, the First Amendment Allowance (as defined below) available to Tenant for the alteration, improvement or modification of the Premises; 
 (C) No portion of the Roof System Replacement Costs shall be considered a Common Area Expense or otherwise the responsibility, cost or otherwise, of Tenant. 
 (D) Landlord shall deliver to Tenant thirty (30) days prior written notice (except in the event of an emergency repairs or replacement work shall be necessary, in which event Landlord shall provide such notice as is 
 7 

reasonable) of the commencement of any Roof System Replacement Work; 
 (E) Tenant, upon written notice to Landlord shall have the right to cause the Roofing Contractor to initiate such work or inspections of the roof system of the Building as may be necessary or appropriate to enable the Roofing Contractor to render a Roof System Replacement Determination within thirty (30) days after Landlord s receipt of such notice; 
 (F) Upon Tenant s receipt of any Roof System Replacement Determination, Tenant shall have the right to object thereto within five (5) business days by so notifying Landlord and the Roofing Contractor, in writing, and setting forth in such notice the basis for such objection and designating an alternative duly licensed and qualified roofing contractor to review such Roof System Replacement Determination, whereupon Landlord shall, within five (5) business days after receipt of such Tenant notice, designate a third alternative duly licensed and qualified roofing contractor to review such Roof System Replacement Determination, and within thirty (30) days after such Tenant notice, the Roof Contractor, Tenant s designated alternative roofing contractor and Landlord s designated alternative roofing contractor shall meet to review the Roof System Replacement Determination and shall, within such time, conclude, by majority vote, whether any modifications to the Roof System Replacement Determination are necessary or appropriate in accordance with good roofing industry standards and practices, and such determination will be binding upon Landlord and Tenant, provided that Tenant shall be solely responsible for any fees charged by Tenant s designated alternative roofing contractor and Landlord s designated alternative roofing contractor for such review and determination; 
 (iv) Notwithstanding anything in the Original Lease or this First Amendment to the contrary, following completion of the Roof System Replacement Work (whether all or a portion of the roof is replaced), Landlord shall become responsible, as a Common Area Expense, except as and to the extent caused by, arising from or relating to defective or warranty work in connection with the Roof System Replacement Work, for maintaining and repairing the entire roof of the Building and Tenant shall no longer have the right to enter onto or access the roof of the Building without Landlord s prior written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. 
 (b) Landlord, as and to the extent commercially reasonable, shall effect and complete the Landlord s Work in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and in such a manner as will not interfere with, and cause minimal disturbance to, Tenant s continued use and occupancy of the Premises, including without limitation undertaking the Landlord s Work after normal business hours when necessary or appropriate; and provided that, in the event the Landlord shall fail to so substantially complete the Landlord s Work on or before, as the case may be, the Surrender Date, the Replacement Date or the Completion Date (minor punch-list items only excepted), then, provided Tenant has given Landlord written notice Landlord s Work Second Notice specifying in reasonable detail such default and containing in bold upper case letters (in 
 8 

16 point font or larger) the phrase FINAL REQUEST TENANT ENTITLED TO SELF HELP REMEDY UNDER LEASE ), and Landlord either (i) fails to commence to cure such breach within five (5) business days after receipt of Landlord s Work Second Notice, or (ii) commences to cure such breach within five (5) business days after receipt of Landlord s Work Second Notice but thereafter fails to diligently (subject to delays or interruptions directly caused by Tenant or occasioned by Force Majeure) prosecute such cure to completion, then and in such event, Tenant may take commercially reasonable actions to cure such breach of Landlord s Work, in which event Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for the reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred and paid by Tenant in connection therewith within thirty (30) days after Tenant s delivery to Landlord of an invoice therefor, together with reasonable supporting documentation for such reasonable costs and expenses. In the event Landlord does not timely pay to Tenant such costs and expenses incurred and paid by Tenant, Tenant shall be entitled to exercise any and all rights or remedies, at law or in equity, to recover any such amounts, together with interest at the rate of eight percent (8 from the date such amounts were invoiced until paid by Landlord, a late charge equal to three percent (3 of the amounts invoiced, and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of litigation, if any, incurred by Tenant by reason of, or in connection with, any such nonpayment by Landlord, from Landlord notwithstanding any other terms or conditions of the Lease. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord agrees to provide Tenant with an improvement allowance of up to EIGHT HUNDRED THOUSAND AND NO/100 DOLLARS 800,000.00) (the First Amendment Allowance to be applied to the cost of Tenant performing improvements to the Premises (inclusive of the Revised Lease Space) in accordance with and subject to the terms and provisions of Paragraph 11 of the Lease and this First Amendment (the First Amendment Improvements provided that, in any case, so long as the First Amendment Improvements shall be reasonably necessary or appropriate for the continued use and occupancy of the Premises (inclusive of the Revised Lease Space) by Tenant from and after the Surrender Date by reason of the surrender of the Surrendered Premises, Landlord s approval of any such First Amendment Improvements shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed in any respect. In the event that the entirety of the First Amendment Allowance shall not be used by Tenant on or before December 31, 2013 for purposes of the First Amendment Improvements as contemplated under, or specified in, this First Amendment, Tenant then shall have the right and option to offset any Monthly Base Rent payments thereafter due or payable by Tenant by the remaining balance of the First Amendment Allowance. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything in this First Amendment to the contrary, the First Amendment Allowance shall be used in connection with, and for, the planning, design, engineering, and/or construction of the First Amendment Improvements and, further, shall be payable, from time to time, by Landlord to Tenant within ten (10) business days after written request of Tenant following the completion, in whole or in part, of any of the First Amendment Improvements or Tenant-Made Alterations (as defined in the Original Lease) (individually or collectively, the Tenant s Work provided that, in connection with any such request by Tenant, Tenant shall furnish Landlord with the following (as and to the extent applicable to any such request and in lieu of any similar requirements in Paragraph 11 of the Original Lease): 
 9 

(i) affidavits of the contractor or contractors performing the Tenant s Work, to the effect that the Tenant s Work has been completed and any other approved finish plans and specifications and that all contractors, subcontractors, laborers and material suppliers, supplying labor or material for the Tenant s Work, have been paid in full; 
 (ii) a waiver of lien with respect to the Premises, executed by the contractor or contractors and, if reasonably requested by Landlord and as and to the extent necessary and commercially practicable, waivers of lien executed by subcontractors supplying labor or materials for the Tenant s Work; 
 (iii) written certification by Landlord s architect, contractor, engineer or other agent that Tenant has completed the Tenant s Work in accordance with the terms of this Lease, together with, as and to the extent applicable, a certificate of occupancy from the appropriate municipal authority; 
 (iv) Tenant has delivered to Landlord a copy of the certificate of occupancy, final or temporary, for the Tenant s Work as and to the extent required by any applicable governmental authority by reason of the Tenant s Work, and if such copy of the certificate of occupancy is a temporary certificate of occupancy, then Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a final certificate of occupancy within sixty (60) days thereafter or, so long as Tenant s use and occupancy shall not be adversely affected thereby and, further, the temporary certificate of occupancy shall continue in force, as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
 (v) except to the extent furnished to Landlord in advance of the Tenant s Work and, then, only to the extent necessary to show any deviations therefrom, complete as-built drawings of the Tenant s Work, showing, in addition to such other items as may be reasonably requested by Landlord, at a minimum HVAC, electrical, plumbing, and other similar elements of the Tenant s Work; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall have the right to withhold, in connection with any such payment, an amount not to exceed ten percent (10 ), or such other, lesser amount as may be customary in Salt Lake County, Utah, of any such payment, for protection against mechanic s and materialmens liens by subcontractors and suppliers for the Tenant s Work; and provided that, upon substantial completion of the Tenant s Work (minor Punch-list items excepted), any such retained amounts then shall be paid to Tenant within thirty (30) days thereafter. 
 (e) Subject to Force Majeure (as defined below), such First Amendment Improvements shall be substantially completed by Tenant on or before July 1, 2013, in accordance with any and all Applicable Laws, including without limitation the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, the regulations promulgated thereunder, or any interpretation thereof, and, further, with the plans and specifications therefor approved by Landlord (said approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), as certified to Landlord by Tenant s general contractor and architect or, any other person reasonably approved by Landlord; provided that, notwithstanding any term or condition of the Lease, except as otherwise consented to Landlord in connection with any approval by Landlord of the Tenant s Work or any Tenant-Made Alterations (which 
 10 

consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), Tenant shall not have any obligation to remove any part or all of any existing or hereafter approved Tenant-Made Alterations or any component of the Tenant s Work during the Lease Term or upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease Term (in accordance with the Lease or this First Amendment) (the Revised Leased Land Expiration Date ). Accordingly, the third sentence of the first subparagraph of Paragraph 11 of the Original Lease shall be, and hereby is, revised to read: In addition, except as and to the extent part of the First Amendment Improvements and/or to be paid from the First Amendment Allowance, Tenant shall not make any other Tenant-Made Alternations costing in excess of 50,000 in each instance or 250,000 in the aggregate during any three (3) year period or 500,000 in the aggregate during the term of this Lease without Landlord s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Similarly, the fifth sentence of the first subparagraph of Paragraph 11 of the Original Lease shall be, and hereby is, revised to read: All plans and specifications and contracts for any Tenant-Made Alterations shall be submitted to Landlord for its approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Notwithstanding the terms or conditions of Paragraph 11 of the Original Lease, no payment bonds or other similar security shall be required for any part of the Tenant s Work part of the First Amendment Improvements and, further, the last two sentences of the first subparagraph of Paragraph 11 of the Original Lease shall not apply to any part of the Tenant s Work part of the First Amendment Improvements. Notwithstanding anything in the Original Lease or this First Amendment to the contrary, when approving any Tenant s Work or Tenant-Made Alterations (other than any Tenant s Work or Tenant-Made Alterations existing as of the Effective Date), Landlord shall have the right to require, Tenant to remove such Tenant s Work or Tenant-Made Alterations upon the expiration of the Lease Term or earlier termination of the Lease (in accordance with the Lease or this First Amendment), if Landlord so requires at the time Landlord consents to such Tenant s Work or Tenant-Made Alterations and, in the event Landlord shall not so require at the time of such consent, Tenant shall have the right, but not the obligation to remove any such Tenant s Work or Tenant-Made Alterations upon expiration of the Lease Term or earlier termination of the Lease (in accordance with the Lease or this First Amendment), and Tenant shall repair any damage to the Premises caused by such removal. 
 (f) Notwithstanding any other term or condition of the Lease, except (i) for trade fixtures, furnishings, personal property or furniture of Tenant within the Revised Leased Space following the Surrender Date or (ii) unless otherwise consented to by Landlord as specified in subparagraph 6(e) , above, in connection with Landlord s approval of any Tenant-Made Alterations following the Surrender Date, Tenant shall not have any obligation to remove any Tenant-Made Alterations made by or at the direction of Tenant on or before the Effective Date, whether within the Surrendered Premises or elsewhere on the Existing Leased Land. Subject to the terms and provisions in the last sentence of this Paragraph 6(f), Landlord, by the execution hereof, agrees not to make or assert any claim of default against Tenant under the Lease by reason of any actions or omissions of Tenant relating to the Premises occurring or arising on or before the Effective Date, including without limitation with respect to any Tenant-Made Alterations, and Landlord herby expressly releases and waives any and all such claims, if any, against Tenant notwithstanding any other term of condition of this First Amendment or the Original Lease. 
 11 

Subject to the terms and provisions in the last sentence of this Paragraph 6(f), Tenant, by the execution hereof, agrees not to make or assert any claim of default against Landlord or the landlord under the Lease by reason of any actions or omissions of Landlord relating to the Premises occurring or arising on or before the Effective Date, and Tenant herby expressly releases and waives any and all such claims, if any, against Landlord notwithstanding any other term of condition of this First Amendment or the Original Lease. Notwithstanding the previous two (2) sentences of this Paragraph 6(f), Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that (A) Tenant shall continue to be fully liable to Landlord to the extent set forth in the Original Lease for any claim for personal injury or property damage arising from events occurring on or prior to the Revised Leased Land Expiration Date, (B) Landlord shall continue to be fully liable to Tenant to the extent set forth in the Original Lease for any claim for personal injury or property damage arising from events occurring on or prior to the Revised Leased Land Expiration Date, (C) each shall continue to be fully liable to the other to the extent set forth in the Original Lease for any payments or refunds or credits relating to any reconciliation of any utilities, taxes, insurance costs, maintenance costs and/or other reimbursables payable under the Original Lease and attributable to periods up to the Revised Leased Land Expiration Date, (D) each shall continue to be fully liable to the other for any breach of any obligation under this Paragraph 6, (E) each shall continue to be liable and responsible for all obligations, responsibilities and liabilities of each party relating to the Premises and the Common Areas as expressly set forth in this First Amendment, including, without limitation, Paragraphs 3(g) and 6(a)(iii) of this First Amendment, and (F) each shall continue to fully liable to the other for such other matters that are expressly provided in the Original Lease to survive the Revised Leased Land Expiration Date. 
 (g) Except as otherwise expressly provided in this First Amendment, Tenant acknowledges and agrees that any obligations of Landlord in the Original Lease to construct the Building, complete leasehold improvements and/or furnish allowance(s) with respect to the Existing Premises (excluding, for purposes hereof, the First Amendment Allowance), including, but not limited to, Landlord s obligations under the Construction Addendum to the Original Lease, have been completed and/or satisfied in their entirety, and any provisions in the Lease pertaining to such obligations are hereby null and void and of no further force or effect. 
 (h) Landlord shall not use or occupy the Surrendered Premises, and shall not suffer or permit any tenant or occupant of the Surrendered Premises to use or occupy the Surrendered Premises, for purposes of the development, manufacture, marketing or distribution of branded or private label vitamins, nutritional supplements, nutritional drinks and/or nutrition bars, or activities ancillary, reasonably related or incidental thereto (a Competing Business under subparagraph 36(s) of the Lease) or, further, for the manufacture of pesticides, paints, solvents, petroleum products, detergents or other caustic or poisonous chemicals, or any industrial or manufacturing processes which produce noxious odors or gases, whether directly or as a by-product of such processes, whether or not any such uses or processes are permitted uses of the Surrendered Premises under applicable law. The covenants and obligations of Landlord set forth in this subparagraph shall constitute covenants running with the Existing Leased Land and the Premises for the benefit of Tenant during the Lease Term and shall survive Tenant s surrender of the Surrendered Premises. 
 12 

7. Common Areas; Common Area Expenses; Maintenance Obligations . From and after the Surrender Date, since the Premises thereafter shall not consist of the entire Building and the entire Existing Leased Land, Tenant shall be responsible for and shall pay its proportionate share of Common Area Expenses pertaining to the Common Areas (as each term is defined below), such proportionate share being 79.3 (330,234 sq. ft./416,634 sq. ft.) of the Common Area Expenses. Accordingly, from and after the Surrender Date, Landlord shall be responsible for (a) any and all maintenance, repair, restoration, and/or replacement, as necessary or appropriate, for the Common Areas, (the Landlord s Maintenance Work ), including without limitation maintaining, repairing and replacing the parking lot, landscaping, lighting and irrigation systems in the Common Areas; and snow removal for that portion of the Land identified as Common Areas on the attached the Site Plan, (b) any and all maintenance, repair, restoration, and/or replacement, as necessary or appropriate, for the structural components or the exterior of the Building and that part of the Building roof system part of the Surrendered Premises (collectively, the Building Components ), and (c) further, for maintaining, repairing and replacing all equipment serving the entire Common Areas or the entire Building (collectively, the Common Area Facilities provided that, the roof system of the Building shall not be deemed or considered part of the Common Areas until completion of the Roof System Replacement Work, after which such roof system shall become a part of the Common Areas , provided that the costs of any subsequent roof system replacement work or any subsequent extensive roof system repair costs shall not be deemed or constitute Common Area Expenses. The term Common Area Expenses shall mean, except as otherwise specified in this First Amendment (i) all costs and expenses reasonably incurred by Landlord in maintaining, repairing and replacing the Common Areas, the Building Components and the Common Area Facilities and customarily associated with any such maintenance, repair or replacement for similarly-situated and comparable buildings, (ii) taxes (as that term is defined in Paragraph 8 of the Original Lease) pertaining to the Land and the Building, and (ii) the cost of insurance coverage for the Land and the Building as set forth in Paragraph 10 of this First Amendment, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing or any other term of the Lease, Common Area Expenses shall not include any costs or expenses related to, or incurred by reason of, any loss, damage, destruction, repair, maintenance, restoration, or replacement necessary or by reason of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord or its other tenants, or their respective agents, employees or contractors. Further, as part of the Landlord s Maintenance Work, Landlord shall be responsible for maintaining all portions of the Surrendered Premises in good condition and repair including, throughout the Lease Term, the roof system of the Building (as and to the extent part of the Surrendered Premises) in good condition and repair, which maintenance and/or repair shall be undertaken by Landlord, at Landlord s sole cost and expense (subject to reimbursement by Tenant as and to the extent any damage, destruction, repair, maintenance, restoration, or replacement shall be necessary by reason of the neglect, fault or omission, for which Tenant shall be solely liable, cost or otherwise). 
 Notwithstanding anything in Paragraph 10 of the Original Lease to the contrary, Tenant, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, shall continue to maintain all portions of the Premises in good condition and repair, including, throughout the Lease Term, the roof of the Building (as and to the extent part of the Premises) in good condition and repair and free from all leaks, which maintenance and/or repair shall be undertaken by Tenant at Tenant s sole cost and expense (subject to reimbursement by Landlord as and to the extent any damage, destruction, repair, maintenance, restoration, or replacement shall be necessary by reason of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Tenant, its agents, employees or contractors); provided that, notwithstanding the 
 13 

foregoing or any other term or condition of this First Amendment or the Original Lease, Tenant shall not have any obligation or liability, cost or otherwise, for any Hazardous Materials or Environmental Requirements except as and to the extent specified in the Original Lease or this First Amendment. 
 In the event Landlord does not maintain, repair, restore or replace, as necessary or appropriate, the Common Areas as set forth in the preceding paragraph (following Landlord s receipt of all applicable notices and the expiration of all cure periods as provided in the Lease) and such failure by Landlord adversely affects Tenant s use of the Premises (the Landlord Maintenance Breach ), then, provided Tenant has given Landlord written notice in addition to the above notice Landlord s Second Notice specifying in reasonable detail such default and containing in bold upper case letters (in 16 point font or larger) the phrase FINAL REQUEST TENANT ENTITLED TO SELF HELP REMEDY UNDER LEASE ), and Landlord either (i) fails to commence to cure such Landlord Maintenance Breach within five (5) business days after receipt of Landlord s Second Notice, or (ii) commences to cure such Landlord Maintenance Breach within five (5) business days after receipt of Landlord s Second Notice but thereafter fails to diligently (subject to delays or interruptions directly caused by Tenant or occasioned by Force Majeure) diligently prosecute such cure to completion, then and in such event, Tenant may take commercially reasonable actions to cure such Landlord Maintenance Breach by Landlord, in which event Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for the reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred and paid by Tenant in connection therewith within thirty (30) days after Tenant s delivery to Landlord of an invoice therefor, together with reasonable supporting documentation for such reasonable costs and expenses. In the event Landlord does not timely pay to Tenant such costs and expenses incurred and paid by Tenant, Tenant shall be entitled to exercise any and all rights or remedies, at law or in equity, to recover any such amounts, together with interest at the rate of eight percent (8 from the date such amounts were invoiced until paid by Landlord, a late charge equal to three percent (3 of the amounts invoiced, and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of litigation, if any, incurred by Tenant by reason of, or in connection with, any such nonpayment by Landlord, from Landlord notwithstanding any other terms or conditions of the Lease. 
 8. Utilities . Subject to subparagraph 6(a)(ii) of this First Amendment, Tenant, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, shall continue to pay directly to the applicable utility providers all service charges for water, gas, electricity, heat, light, power, telephone, sewer, sprinkler services, refuse and trash collection and other utilities and services, which, at Landlord s sole cost and expense, shall be separately metered or otherwise separately allocated to the Premises; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord, at its sole cost or expense (except as and to the extent part of the Common Areas or otherwise the responsibility of any other tenant, person or entity), shall be responsible for water, gas, electricity, heat, light, power, telephone, sewer, sprinkler services, refuse and trash collection and other utilities and services for the Surrendered Premises, and, subject to Paragraph 7 of this First Amendment, for the Common Areas. 
 9. Insurance . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Paragraph 9 of the Original Lease, Landlord, as a Common Area Expense, shall maintain during the Term (i) fire and extended coverage insurance on the insurable portions of the Building and the Land in an amount not less than the fair replacement value thereof, subject to reasonable deductibles, (ii) commercial general liability insurance with a combined single limit coverage of at least 5,000,000.00 per occurrence, and (iii) such other insurance maintained by Landlord for the Premises and the Building as 
 14 

reasonably determined by Landlord. All such insurance policies shall be issued by insurance companies reasonably acceptable to Landlord and otherwise shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Original Lease. 
 10. Restoration . Paragraph 12 of the Original Lease shall be, and hereby is, deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
 If that portion of the Building in which the Premises is situated is totally destroyed by storm, fire, lightning, earthquake or other casualty, this Lease shall terminate as of the date of such destruction and rent shall be accounted for as between Landlord and Tenant as of that date. If such portion of the Building is damaged but not wholly destroyed by any such casualty, rent shall abate in such proportion as use of the Premises has been destroyed, and Landlord shall restore the such portion of the Building within two hundred seventy (270) days following any such casualty to substantially the same building shell condition that Original Landlord delivered to Tenant under the Original Lease, whereupon full rent shall recommence; provided, however, that if (i) such portion of the Building is more than fifty percent (50 damaged or destroyed, in Landlord's reasonable judgment, or (ii) such portion of the Building is damaged or destroyed during the last twelve (12) months of the Extension Term, or (iii) a Mortgagee does not make available insurance proceeds for rebuilding or repair, then and in any such events, Landlord may, at its option, terminate this Lease by delivering notice in writing to Tenant within sixty (60) days after the day of such occurrence. Landlord may also elect to terminate this Lease in any of the following cases of damage or destruction to the Premises, or the Building: (i) where the cost of rebuilding, repairing and restoring (collectively, Restoration the Building or the Premises, would, regardless of the lack of damage to the Premises or access thereto, in the reasonable opinion of Landlord, exceed fifty percent (50 of the then replacement cost of the Building; (ii) where, in the case of any damage or destruction to any portion of the Building or the Premises by uninsured casualty, the cost of Restoration of the Building or the Premises, in the reasonable opinion of Landlord, exceeds 500,000; or (iii) where, in the case of any damage or destruction to the Premises or access thereto by uninsured casualty, the cost of Restoration of the Premises or access thereto, in the reasonable opinion of Landlord, exceeds fifty percent (50 of the replacement cost of the Premises; or (iv) if Landlord has not obtained appropriate zoning approvals for reconstruction of the Building or Premises. Any such termination shall be made by thirty (30) days prior written notice to Tenant given within ninety (90) days of the date of such damage or destruction. If this Lease is not terminated by Landlord and as the result of any damage or destruction, the Premises, or a portion thereof, are rendered untenantable, the Monthly Base Rent shall abate reasonably during the period of Restoration (based upon the extent to which such damage and Restoration materially interfere with Tenant s business in the Premises). This Lease shall be considered an express agreement governing any case of damage to or destruction of the Premises or the Building. 
 11. Signage . Notwithstanding anything in Paragraph 32 of the Original Lease to the contrary, Landlord shall have the right (i) to display for lease and other brokerage type signs on the Land in a location reasonably determined by Landlord for purposes of leasing the Surrendered 
 15 

Premises, (ii) to grant to any tenant of the Surrendered Premises building and/or monument signage in a location, size and condition as reasonably determined by Landlord, so long as (A) Tenant shall have the right, without further cost or expense to Tenant, to utilize such monument signage and (B) such building signage does not interfere with or obstruct Tenant s existing signage. 
 12. Right of First Refusal . Landlord agrees to grant Tenant a one time right of first refusal to the Surrendered Space as more particularly described in Exhibit E to this First Amendment. 
 13. Termination Option . Landlord agrees to grant Tenant a one-time right to terminate this Lease in accordance with the terms and provisions set forth in the attached Exhibit F to this First Amendment. Schiff Nutrition International, Inc., a Delaware corporation, is executing this First Amendment to consent, acknowledge and agree that Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. is jointly and severally liable with Tenant for the timely payment of any Termination Fee as defined and as set forth in Exhibit F of this First Amendment. 
 14. Representations and Warranties . Landlord represents and warrants, as of the Effective Date (and with the understanding that, except as a matter of public record, otherwise known by Tenant or determined by a physical inspection of the Existing Leased Land, Tenant shall be entitled to rely thereon for purposes of this Lease), that; 
 (a) Landlord has the requisite company authority and power to enter into this First Amendment and to consummate the transaction provided for herein. The execution and delivery by Landlord of this First Amendment has been duly authorized. 
 (b) To the best of Landlord s knowledge, the execution, delivery and performance by Landlord of its obligations under this Lease will not conflict with or result in a breach of any law, governmental rule, regulations, judgment, decree or order by which the Landlord is bound, or by any of the provisions of any contract to which Landlord is a party or by which Landlord is bound or Landlord s Articles of Organization or Operating Agreement. 
 (c) There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the best of Landlord s knowledge, threatened, before any agency, court or other governmental authority which relates to the Existing Leased Land or, to the best of Landlord s knowledge, the Tenant s use and occupancy of the Existing Leased Land or, from and after the Surrender Date, the Premises or the Common Areas. 
 Tenant represents and warrants, as of the Effective Date (and with the understanding that, except as a matter of public record, otherwise known by Landlord or determined by a physical inspection of the Existing Leased Land, Landlord shall be entitled to rely thereon for purposes of this Lease), that; 
 (d) Tenant has the requisite corporate authority and power to enter into this First Amendment and to consummate the transaction provided for herein. The execution and delivery by Tenant of this First Amendment has been duly authorized. 
 (e) To the best of Tenant s knowledge, the execution, delivery and performance by Tenant of its obligations under this Lease will not conflict with or result in a breach of 
 16 

any law, governmental rule, regulations, judgment, decree or order by which the Tenant is bound, or by any of the provisions of any contract to which Tenant is a party or by which Tenant is bound or Tenant s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws. 
 (f) There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the best of Tenant s knowledge, threatened, before any agency, court or other governmental authority which relates to the Existing Leased Land or, to the best of Tenant s knowledge, the Tenant s use and occupancy of the Existing Leased Land or, from and after the Surrender Date, the Premises or the Common Areas. 
 15. Amendments to Original Lease; Deletion of Addendum 1, Addendum 2, Addendum 3, and Construction Addendum . Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that: 
 (a) The second subparagraph of Paragraph 9 of the Original Lease shall be, and hereby is, revised to read: Landlord, Mortgagee and their agents and employees shall not be liable for, and Tenant hereby waives all claims against such parties for, damage to property, or interruption to business and losses occasioned thereby, sustained by Tenant or any person claiming through Tenant resulting from any accident or occurrence in or upon the Premises from any cause whatsoever, including without limitation, damage caused in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, by the negligence of Landlord, Mortgagee or their respective agents or employees, as and to the extent any such damage or losses are covered by insurance carried by Landlord or Tenant, as the case may be, and, in any such event, Tenant shall look exclusively to the proceeds of its insurance to recover for any such damage. Similarly, Tenant and their agents and employees shall not be liable for, and Landlord and Mortgagee hereby waive all claims against such parties for, damage to property, or interruption to business and losses occasioned thereby, sustained by Landlord or any person claiming through Landlord resulting from any accident or occurrence in or upon the Premises from any cause whatsoever, including without limitation, damage caused in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, by the negligence of Tenant or its agents or employees, as and to the extent any such damage or losses are covered by insurance carried by Landlord or Tenant, as the case may be, and, in any such event, Landlord shall look exclusively to the proceeds of its insurance to recover for any such damage. In furtherance hereof, any policies of property insurance shall, if obtainable, contain a waiver of the insurer's rights of subrogation. 
 (b) The following shall be, and hereby is, added as a new subparagraph to Paragraph 9 of the Lease: Consistent with the foregoing, Landlord and Tenant hereby release each other from any and all liability or responsibility (to the other or anyone claiming through or under them by way of subrogation or otherwise) for any loss or damage to real or personal property on the Premises caused by fire or any other peril insured hereunder (or peril required to be insured hereunder), even if such fire or other casualty shall have been caused by the fault or negligence of the other party or anyone for whom such party may be responsible. Landlord and Tenant shall each procure insurance policies with such a waiver of subrogation and with a clause or endorsement to the effect that any such release shall not adversely affect or impair said policies or prejudice the right of the releasing party to recover thereunder; provided, however, if policies with such a clause or endorsement shall not be obtainable or shall be obtainable 
 17 

only at a premium over that chargeable without such waiver, the party seeking such policy shall notify the other thereof, and the latter shall have ten (10) days thereafter either (a) to procure such insurance in companies reasonably satisfactory to the other party or (b) to agree to pay such additional premium. If neither (a) nor (b) are done, this subparagraph shall have no effect during such time as such policies shall not be obtainable or the party in whose favor a waiver of subrogation is desired shall refuse to pay the additional premium. If such policies shall at any time be unobtainable, but shall be subsequently obtainable, neither party shall be subsequently liable for a failure to obtain such insurance until a reasonable time after notification thereof by the other party. 
 (c) Addendum 1, Addendum 2 and Addendum 3, together with the Construction Addendum, to the Original Lease are hereby deleted, null and void and of no further force or effect. 
 (d) The last sentence of Paragraph 7 of the Original Lease shall be deleted in its entirety and shall be replaced with the following: No interruption or failure of utilities shall result in the termination of this Lease or the abatement of rent; provided, however, if an interruption or cessation of a utility service to the Revised Lease Space from a cause within the reasonable control of Landlord results in the Revised Lease Space being unusable by Tenant for the conduct of Tenant s business, then Base Rent shall be abated commencing on that date which is five (5) consecutive business days following the date Tenant delivers written notice to Landlord of such interruption and continuing until either such utility service to the Revised Lease Space is restored or the Revised Lease Space is again usable for the conduct of Tenant s business. If, however, Tenant reoccupies at least fifty percent (50 of the Revised Lease Space during such abatement period, the Base Rent allocable to such reoccupied portion, based on the proportion that the Rentable Area of such reoccupied portion of the Revised Lease Space bears to the total Rentable Area of the Revised Lease Space, shall be payable by Tenant from the date Tenant reoccupies such portion of the Revised Lease Space. Such right to abate Base Rent shall be Tenant s sole and exclusive remedy at law or in equity in the event of an interruption or cessation of a utility service to the Revised Lease Space. 
 (e) Paragraph 15 of the Lease shall be, and hereby is, revised to read as follows: 
 15. Indemnification . Except for the indemnified party's negligence, fault or omission, and to the extent permitted by law, Tenant agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Landlord, Mortgagee and their respective agents, employees and contractors, from and against any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) resulting from claims by third parties for injuries to any person and damage to or theft or misappropriation or loss of property occurring in or about the Premises and arising from the use and occupancy of the Premises or from any activity, work, or thing done, permitted or suffered by Tenant in or about the Premises or due to any other act or omission of Tenant, its subtenants, assignees, invitees, employees, contractors and agents. The furnishing of insurance required hereunder shall not be deemed to limit Tenant's obligations under the provisions of this Paragraph 15 . This indemnity shall survive the termination of this Lease. Further, except for the indemnified party's negligence, fault or omission, and to the extent permitted by law, Landlord agrees to indemnify, defend and hold 
 18 

harmless Tenant and its agents, employees and contractors, from and against any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) resulting from claims by third parties for injuries to any person and damage to or theft or misappropriation or loss of property occurring in or about the Premises and arising from any activity, work, or thing done, permitted or suffered by Landlord in or about the Existing Leased Land or due to any other act or omission of Landlord, its tenants (except for Tenant), assignees, invitees, employees, contractors and agents. The furnishing of insurance required hereunder shall not be deemed to limit Landlord s obligations under the provisions of this Paragraph 15 . This indemnity shall survive the termination of this Lease. 
 (f) A new subparagraph to Paragraph 35 shall be, and hereby is, added as follows: Any obligation or liability whatsoever of Tenant which may arise at any time under this Lease or any obligation or liability which may be incurred by it pursuant to any other instrument, transaction, or undertaking contemplated hereby shall not be personally binding upon, nor shall resort for the enforcement thereof be had to the trustees, directors, shareholders, officers, employees or agents of Tenant, regardless of whether such obligation or liability is in the nature of contract, tort, or otherwise. Any obligation or liability of Tenant which may arise at any time under this Lease or any obligation or liability which may be incurred by it pursuant to any other instrument, transaction, or undertaking contemplated hereby shall not be personally binding upon, nor shall resort for the enforcement thereof be had to Tenant s trustees, directors, shareholders, officers, employees or agents, regardless of whether such obligation or liability is in the nature of contract, tort, or otherwise. 
 (g) Subparagraph 36(q) shall be, and hereby is, revised to read: Except as otherwise specified in this Lease (as the same may be amended), any representations, warranties or covenants made by Landlord or Tenant, as the case may be, hereunder shall survive the termination of this Lease. 
 16. Notice . On and as of the Effective Date, Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that the Notice Address for the parties, as set forth in subparagraph 36(c) of the Original Lease, shall be amended to be as set forth below, subject to each party s right to further amend its respective Notice Address upon prior written notice to the other party. 
 Landlord s Address for Notice: 
 
 Verde South 5070 West LLC 
 5347 San Felipe, Suite 4400 
 Houston, Texas 77057 
 Attn: Asset Management 
 
 Tenant s Address for Notice: 
 
 Schiff Nutrition Group, Inc. 
 2002 South 5070 West 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 
 Attn: General Counsel 
 19 

17. Broker . Paragraph 13 of the Original Lease shall be, and hereby is, deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
 Tenant warrants that it has had no dealings with any broker or agent in connection with the negotiation or execution of this First Amendment other than with NAI West Commercial Real Estate (d.b.a. for American Commercial Real Estate Specialists Group LLC), and Tenant agrees to indemnify Landlord and hold Landlord harmless from and against any and all costs, expenses, or liability for commissions or other compensations or charges claimed by any broker or agent other than NAI West Commercial Real Estate, arising out of any breach of the foregoing warranty by Tenant or any purported or actual dealings by Tenant and any broker or agent other than NAI West Commercial Real Estate (the Broker with respect to this First Amendment. Landlord warrants that it has had no dealings with any broker or agent in connection with the negotiation or execution of this First Amendment other than Broker, whose commission, Landlord acknowledges and agrees, is payable solely by Landlord pursuant to a separate agreement, and Landlord agrees to indemnify Tenant and hold Tenant harmless from and against any and all costs, expenses, or liability for commissions or other compensations or charges claimed by any broker or agent, including without limitation by Broker, either in connection with such separate agreement or otherwise, arising out of any breach of the foregoing warranty or such separate agreement by Landlord or any purported or actual dealings by Landlord and any broker or agent, including without limitation Broker, with respect to this First Amendment. 
 18. Conflicts and Amendments . With the exception of those terms and conditions specifically modified and amended herein, and except for the terms and conditions of subparagraph 36(m) of the Original Lease (which shall be of no further force and effect by the execution of this First Amendment), the herein referenced Lease shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with all its terms and conditions. In the event of any conflict between the terms and provisions of this First Amendment and the terms and provisions of the Lease, the terms and provisions of this First Amendment shall supersede and control. 
 19. Facsimile and Counterparts; Attorneys Fees . This First Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of such counterparts shall constitute one agreement. To facilitate execution of this First Amendment, the parties may execute and exchange facsimile counterparts of the signature pages and facsimile counterparts shall serve as originals. If any legal action or other proceeding is brought for the enforcement of this Lease, or because of an alleged dispute, breach, default or misrepresentation in connection with any of the provisions of the Lease of this First Amendment, the successful or prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys fees, and any other reasonable fees and costs incurred in the action or proceeding, in addition to any other relief to which such party may be entitled. 
 20. Recitals and Exhibits Incorporated Herein; Governing Law . The recitals to this First Amendment and each of the exhibits referenced in and attached to this First Amendment are incorporated in and made a part of this First Amendment. This First Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Utah and, further, in the event of any dispute concerning the Lease, jurisdiction and venue shall be in Salt Lake County, Utah. 
 20 

21. Force Majeure . Notwithstanding any term or provision of the Lease to the contrary, each party shall be excused from performing an obligation or undertaking provided for in this Lease (other than the obligation of either party to pay any and all monetary obligations as the same become due under the applicable provisions of this Lease or any other financial inability) so long as such performance is prevented or delayed, retarded or hindered by act of God, fire, earthquake, flood, explosion, action of the elements, war, acts of terror, invasion, insurrection, riot, mob violence, sabotage, inability to procure or a general shortage of labor, equipment, facilities, materials, or supplies in the open market, failure of transportation, strike, lockout, action of labor unions, a taking by eminent domain as herein defined, requisition, laws, orders of government, or civil or military or naval authorities, or any other cause whether similar or dissimilar to the foregoing, not within the reasonable control of the party prevented, retarded, or hindered thereby (as applicable, Force Majeure ). 
 22. Limitation of Liability . Notwithstanding anything contained in the Lease to the contrary, it is expressly understood and agreed that neither Tenant nor Landlord, nor their respective agents, representatives, affiliates, employees, or contractors, shall be liable to the other for incidental, consequential, reliance, special, punitive, exemplary, or indirect damages arising out of this Lease, whether by reason of contract, indemnity, strict liability, negligence, breach of warranty or from breach of the First Amendment, the Original Lease or otherwise, and regardless of whether the parties knew of the possibility that such damages could result, each party hereby releases the other party of such claims. Nothing contained in this Lease, however, shall limit Tenant s or Landlord s liability to the other for (a) willful or intentional misconduct (including gross negligence), (b) bodily injury, death or damage to tangible real or tangible personal property proximately caused by Tenant s or Landlord s gross negligent act or intentional misconduct or that of their respective agents, employees, contractors, affiliates, or representatives, (c) the parties indemnification obligations, as specified in this Lease, (d) or excuse, or be deemed to waive, the performance of the parties respective obligations under this Lease. 
 23. Memorandum . This First Amendment shall not be filed by or on behalf of Landlord or Tenant in any public record; provided that such provisions shall not apply to any disclosures made by Buyer or Seller as required by law, by court order, or in connection with any subpoena served upon Tenant or Landlord; and provided that Tenant or Landlord shall provide each other with written notice before making any such disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, Landlord recognizes that Tenant may disclose in U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings and other filings with governmental authorities such information regarding the transactions contemplated hereby and any such information relating to the subject premises as may be necessary under federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations (including SEC rules and regulations). The provisions of this subsection shall survive the execution and delivery of this First Amendment or the earlier termination of this First Amendment. Further, nothing contained herein shall impair Tenant s (or any affiliate of Tenant) right to disclose information relating to this First Amendment, the subject premises or the Original Lease (a) to any due diligence representatives and/or consultants that are engaged by, work for or are acting on behalf of, any securities dealers and/or broker dealers evaluating Tenant or its affiliates, (b) in connection with any filings (including any amendment or supplement to any S-11 filing) with governmental agencies (including the SEC) by any entity holding an interest (direct or indirect) in Tenant or any affiliate of Tenant, and (c) to any broker/dealers in Tenant s of any such affiliate s broker/dealer network and any of Tenant s or any such affiliate s investors. Landlord or Tenant 
 21 

may prepare and file, and upon request by either party the other party shall execute, a memorandum of this First Amendment, which may be recorded in the official real estate records of Salt Lake County, Utah. 
 
 22 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant, acting herein by duly authorized individuals, have caused these presents to be executed as of the Effective Date set forth herein. 
 
 [ separate signature pages follow ] 
 23 

Landlord: 
 
 VERDE SOUTH 5070 WEST LLC 

By: 
 /s/ David C. Dressler Jr. 
 Name: 
 David C. Dressler Jr. 
 Title: 
 Executive Vice President 

Date: 
 6/1/2012 

24 

SCHIFF NUTRITION GROUP, INC., 
 a Utah corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Jon Fieldman 
 Name: 
 Jon Fieldman 
 Title: 
 SVP - Operations 

Date: 
 May 25th, 2012 

25 

JOINDER 
 
 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. , a Delaware corporation Schiff Nutrition International ), joins in this First Amendment solely for the purposes specified in, and subject to the terms and conditions of, Paragraph 13 of this First Amendment and not otherwise. 
 
 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC., 
 a Delaware corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Jon Fieldman 
 Name: 
 Jon Fieldman 
 Title: 
 SVP - Operations 

Date: 
 May 25th, 2012 

26 

 EXHIBIT A EXISTING LEASED LAND 

A-1 

 EXHIBIT B BUILDING, EXISTING LEASED SPACE AND EXISTING PREMISES 

B-1 

 EXHIBIT C SITE PLAN - SURRENDERED SPACE, UTILITY ROOM AND COMMON AREAS 

C-1 

 EXHIBIT D EXCLUDED PROPERTY 
 
 None 

D-1 

 EXHIBIT E REVISED LEASED LAND AND PREMISES 

E-1 

 EXHIBIT F RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL 
 (a) ROFR Space shall mean the Surrendered Premises, as shown on Exhibit C to this First Amendment. 
 (b) Throughout the Extension Term, provided that (i) Tenant or a Tenant Affiliate (as that term is defined in the Original Lease) is the tenant of the Premises, (ii) Tenant or a Tenant Affiliate actually occupies all of the Premises, and (iii) no Event of Default shall then exist under the Lease, after giving effect to any applicable notice, grace and/or cure periods, upon Landlord s receipt of a bona fide written offer from any third party to lease the ROFR Space that Landlord is prepared to accept, Landlord shall provide a copy of said offer to Tenant or to such Affiliate (a Lease Offer ). Tenant or such Affiliate shall then have ten (10) business days to elect, by written notice to Landlord, to lease the ROFR Space identified in the Lease Offer on the same terms and conditions set forth in the Lease Offer (the ROFR ), [and as or to the extent not inconsistent with the Lease Offer], the other terms and conditions of set forth in this Lease, or waive the ROFR in that instance. 
 (c) In the event Tenant does not elect to exercise the ROFR after receipt of a Lease Offer, and Landlord thereafter fails to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Lease Offer within 180 days thereafter or, following such consummation, the lease that is the subject of the Lease Offer terminates, the ROFR, and Landlord s obligations thereunder, shall then be reinstated subject to and in accordance with subparagraph (b) above. 
 (d) Tenant must elect to exercise the ROFR with respect to all of the ROFR Space that is the subject of a Lease Offer and may not exercise the ROFR with respect to only a portion of such space. In the event a Lease Offer does not pertain to the entire ROFR Space, whether or not Tenant elects to exercise the ROFR pertaining to such Lease Offer, the ROFR shall remain in force and effect in accordance with this Exhibit E as to such portion of the ROFR Space not included in the Lease Offer. 
 (e) In the event Tenant shall exercise the ROFR, then, within ninety (90) days thereafter (the ROFR Completion Date ), Landlord shall take or cause to be taken such actions as may be necessary or appropriate, at Landlord s sole cost and expense, to, in compliance with any and all applicable laws, rules or regulations, to improve and make that part of the ROFR Space for which the ROFR shall have been exercised by Tenant reasonably comparable to, and accessible from, the Premises near, adjacent or contiguous to such ROFR Space and of which the ROFR Space shall thereafter be a part (the ROFR Work provided that, in any case, Landlord, as and to the extent commercially reasonable, shall effect and complete the ROFR Work in such manner as will not interfere with, and cause minimal disturbance to, Tenant s continued use and occupancy of the Premises, including without limitation undertaking the ROFR Work after normal business hours when necessary or appropriate; and provided that, in the event the Landlord shall fail to so substantially complete the ROFR Work on or before the ROFR Completion Date (minor punch-list items only excepted), Tenant shall have the right and option to take or cause to be taken such actions as may be necessary to effect the completion of the ROFR Work 
 F-1 

 and, then, shall be entitled to invoice Landlord for the cost and expense of performing any such ROFR Work (together with reasonably satisfactory evidentiary documentation of any such work, costs and expenses, then, in the event Landlord does not so pay such amounts to Tenant, Tenant shall be entitled to exercise any and all rights or remedies, at law or in equity, to recover any such amounts, together with interest at the rate of eight percent (8 from the date such amounts were invoiced until paid by Landlord, a late charge equal to three percent (3 of the amounts invoiced, and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of litigation, if any, incurred by Tenant by reason of, or in connection with, any such nonpayment by Landlord, from Landlord notwithstanding any other terms or conditions of the Lease. 
 
 If the Lease is amended by Tenant s exercise of its rights under this Exhibit E , Landlord will prepare, and both parties will execute, an amendment to the Lease confirming the expansion of the Premises and the other provisions applicable thereto. 

F-2 

 EXHIBIT G TERMINATION OPTION 
 Provided no Event of Default shall then exist under the Lease and no condition shall then exist which with the passage of time or giving of notice, or both, would constitute an Event of Default under the Lease or otherwise, Tenant shall have the right one hundred eighty 180 days on or before the Sixty-First (61st) month of the Extension Term, to send Landlord irrevocable written notice (the Termination Notice that Tenant has elected to terminate this Lease, effective on the last day of the sixty-first (61 st month of the Extension Term Termination Date ). 
 If Tenant elects to terminate this Lease pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, the effectiveness of such termination shall be conditioned upon Tenant paying to Landlord, simultaneously with Tenant s delivery of the Termination Notice to Landlord, a termination fee equal to ONE MILLION NINETY-ONE THOUSAND SEVEN HUNDRED SIXTY-SIX DOLLARS AND 86/100 DOLLARS 1,091,766.86). Such Termination Fee is consideration for Tenant s option to terminate and shall not be applied to Base Rent or any other obligation of Tenant. Upon compliance with the foregoing, the Extension Term shall terminate on the date specified in the Termination Notice, as if such date were the date set for expiration of the Extension Term. Both Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that it would be impracticable or extremely difficult to affix damages if Tenant terminated this Lease and the Termination Fee set forth above represents a reasonable estimate of Landlord s damages in the event Tenant terminates this Lease under this Exhibit. If Tenant does not timely deliver the Termination Notice or Termination Fee to Landlord, then this termination option shall become null and void and the Lease shall continue in full force and effect. 
 G-1 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.33>
 3
 shf-ex1033_2012531xk.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.33

SHF-EX10.33_2012.5.31-K 

Exhibit 10.33 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 
 This Indemnification Agreement ("Agreement") is made as of August 10, 2012 by and between Schiff Nutrition International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Eric Weider, an individual ("Indemnitee"). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly held corporations as directors or officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers, and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the corporation or business enterprise itself. The Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws require indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("DGCL"). The Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and DGCL indemnification provisions are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification; 
 WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons; 
 WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Company's stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 
 WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve for or on behalf of the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 
 WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; 
 
 WHEREAS, Indemnitee does not regard the protection available under the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and insurance as adequate in the present circumstances, and may not be willing to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be so indemnified; and 
 WHEREAS, Indemnitee may have certain rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and/or insurance provided by the Designating Stockholder (as hereinafter defined), which Indemnitee and the Designating Stockholder intend to be secondary to the primary obligation of the Company to indemnify Indemnitee as provided herein, with the Company s acknowledgement of and agreement to the foregoing being a material condition to Indemnitee s willingness to continue to serve as a director of the Company. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows: 
 Section 1. Services to the Company. Indemnitee agrees to serve or continue to serve (as the case may be) as an officer or director (as applicable) of the Company and may serve as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of such other subsidiary, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as the Company may request from time to time. Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason resign from any such position (subject to any other contractual obligation or any obligation imposed by operation of law). This Agreement shall not be deemed an employment contract between the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) and Indemnitee. Indemnitee specifically acknowledges that Indemnitee's employment with the Company (or any of its subsidiaries), if any, is at will, and the Indemnitee may be discharged at any time for any reason, with or without cause, except as may be otherwise provided in any written employment contract between Indemnitee and the Company (or any of its subsidiaries), other applicable formal severance policies duly adopted by the Board, or, with respect to service as a director or officer of the Company, by the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, and the DGCL. The foregoing notwithstanding, with respect to acts or omissions occurring in the course of Indemnitee s service as a director or officer at the request of the Company, this Agreement shall continue in force after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as such. 
 Section 2. Definitions. As used in this Agreement: 
 (a) A "Change in Control" shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events: 
 i. Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of securities of the Company to the general public through a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) whereby any Person (as defined below) (other than the Company, any of its subsidiaries, an employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or a Person that, prior to such transaction, directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act (as defined below)) of securities of the Company possessing more than 50 of the total combined voting power of the Company s securities outstanding immediately after such acquisition, excluding any transaction involving a distribution of Stock held by Weider Health and Fitness WHF to individual stockholders of WHF or their family trusts; 
 2 

 ii. Change in Board of Directors. During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a director designated by a person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Sections 2(a)(i), 2(a)(iii) or 2(a)(iv)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a least a majority of the members of the Board; 
 iii. Corporate Transactions. The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company through one or more intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination or (y) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or (z) the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each case other than a transaction: 
 A. Which results in the Company s voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the person that, as a result of the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the Company s assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such person, the Successor Entity )) directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity s outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction, or 
 B. After which no person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity; provided, however, that no person or group shall be treated for purposes of this Section 2(a)(iii)(B) as beneficially owning 50 or more of combined voting power of the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction; 
 iv. Liquidation. The approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or 
 v. Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act, whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement. 
 For purposes of this Section 2(a), the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 (A) "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 (B) "Person" shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of 
 
 stock of the Company. 
 (b) "Corporate Status" describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or of any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership or joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company. 
 (c) Designating Stockholder means Weider Health and Fitness, a Nevada corporation. 
 (d) "Disinterested Director" means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 
 (e) "Expenses" shall include all reasonable attorneys' fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, and (ii) for purposes of Section 13(d) only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitee's rights under this Agreement, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 
 (f) "Independent Counsel" means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term "Independent Counsel" shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee's rights under this Agreement. 
 (g) The term "Proceeding" shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative or investigative nature, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action taken by him or of any action on his part while acting as director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another subsidiary, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or Expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of Expenses can be provided under this Agreement; except one initiated by an Indemnitee to enforce his rights under this Agreement. 
 (h) Reference to "other enterprise" shall include employee benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include any excise tax assessed with respect to any employee benefit plan; references 
 4 

 to "serving at the request of the Company" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Company" as referred to in this Agreement. 
 Section 3. Indemnity in Third-Party Proceedings. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee is named in or made a party to or a participant in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal proceeding had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 
 Section 4. Indemnity in Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee is named in or made a party to or a participant in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or any court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification. 
 Section 5. Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If the Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which the Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 
 Section 6. Indemnification For Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf 
 
 in connection therewith. 
 Section 7. Additional Indemnification . 
 (a) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law if Indemnitee is named in or made a party to or a participant in any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with a Proceeding. 
 (b) For purposes of Section 7(a), the meaning of the phrase "to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law" shall include, but not be limited to: 
 i. to the fullest extent permitted by the provision of the DGCL that authorizes or contemplates additional indemnification by agreement, or the corresponding provision of any amendment to or replacement of the DGCL, and 
 ii. to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments to or replacements of the DGCL adopted after the date of this Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its officers and directors. 
 Section 8. Exclusions. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee: 
 (a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; or 
 (b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law, or (ii) any reimbursement of the Company by the Indemnitee of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by the Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, as required in each case under the Exchange Act; or 
 (c) except as provided in Section 13(d) of this Agreement, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. 
 Section 9. Advances of Expenses. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding, and such advancement shall be made within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitee's ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitee's ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and 
 6 

 forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement which shall constitute an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the advance to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. This Section 9 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to Section 8. 
 Section 10. Procedure for Notification and Defense of Claim. 
 (a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The omission by Indemnitee to request indemnification hereunder will not relieve the Company from any liability which it may have to Indemnitee otherwise than under this Agreement except to the extent the Company has been materially prejudiced by such omission to notify. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. 
 (b) The Company will be entitled to participate in any Proceeding at its own expense. 
 Section 11. Procedure Upon Application for Indemnification. 
 (a) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 10(a), a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitee's entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case: (i) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee; or (ii) if a Change in Control shall not have occurred, (A) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (B) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (C) if there are no such Disinterested Directors or, if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (D) if so directed by the Board, by the stockholders of the Company; and, if it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitee's entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys' fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee's entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 
 (b) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 11(a), the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 11(b). If a Change in Control shall not have occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. If a Change in Control shall have occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board, in which event the preceding sentence shall apply), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so 
 
 selected. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided , however , that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of "Independent Counsel" as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after the later of submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 10(a) hereof and the final disposition of the Proceeding, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the other's selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Court or by such other person as the Court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 11(a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 13(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing). 
 Section 12. Presumptions and Effect of Certain Proceedings. 
 (a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 10(a) of this Agreement, and the Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 
 (b) Subject to Section 13(e), if the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 11 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee's statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that such 60-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 12(b) shall not apply (i) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) 
 8 

 days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination the Board has resolved to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, (B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and such determination is made thereat, or (C) a written consent in lieu of meeting is distributed to the stockholders within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination and sufficient votes to make such determination are received by the Company within sixty (60) days after such distribution, or (ii) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement. 
 (c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 
 (d) Reliance as Safe Harbor . For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee's action is based on the records or books of account of the Company, any if its subsidiaries or any other enterprise for which Indemnitee is serving as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary at the request of the Company, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any such other enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any such other enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any such other enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with the reasonable care by the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any such other enterprise. The provisions of this Section 12(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement. 
 (e) Actions of Others . The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or other enterprise for which Indemnitee is serving as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary at the request of the Company shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. 
 Section 13. Remedies of Indemnitee. 
 (a) Subject to Section 13(e), in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement within ninety (90) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5 or 6 or the last sentence of Section 11(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3, 4 or 7 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vi) the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void 
 
 or unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by a court of his entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of Expenses. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Indemnitee shall commence such proceeding seeking an adjudication or an award in arbitration within 180 days following the date on which Indemnitee first has the right to commence such proceeding pursuant to this Section 13(a); provided , however , that the foregoing clause shall not apply in respect of a proceeding brought by Indemnitee to enforce his rights under Section 5 of this Agreement. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee's right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 
 (b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13 the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, as the case may be. 
 (c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee's statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 
 (d) The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. It is the intent of the Company that the Indemnitee not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitee's rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to the Indemnitee hereunder. Subject to the repayment provisions of Section 9, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefore) advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action brought by Indemnitee for indemnification or advance of Expenses from the Company under this Agreement or under any directors' and officers' liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement of Expenses or insurance recovery, as the case may be. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 
 Section 14. Non-exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation. 
 (a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as 
 10 

 provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in Delaware law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 
 (b) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee or agent under such policy or policies (provided no special premiums are required). If, at the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 
 (c) Subject to Sections 14(d) and 14(e), in the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 
 (d) The Company hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases, and covenants and agrees not to exercise any rights that the Company may now have or hereafter acquire against the Designating Stockholder (or any insurer providing insurance to the Designating Stockholder) that arise from or relate to the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of the Company s obligations under this Agreement or under any other indemnification agreement (whether pursuant to contract, by-laws or charter) with any person or entity, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation (whether pursuant to contract or common law), reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification, or to be held harmless, and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of Indemnitee against the Designating Stockholder (or insurer providing insurance to the Designating Stockholder), whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from the Designating Stockholder (or insurer providing insurance to the Designating Stockholder) or Indemnitee, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security on account of such claim, remedy or right. 
 (e) The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable (or for which advancement is provided hereunder) hereunder if 
 
 and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise ; provided , however , that (i) the Company hereby agrees that it is the indemnitor of first resort under this Agreement and under any other indemnification agreement (i.e., its obligations to Indemnitee under this Agreement or any other agreement or undertaking to provide advancement and/or indemnification to Indemnitee are primary and any obligation of the Designating Stockholder (or insurer providing insurance to the Designating Stockholder) to provide advancement or indemnification for the same Expenses, liabilities, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, liabilities, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement) incurred by Indemnitee are secondary), and (ii) if the Designating Stockholder (or insurer providing insurance to the Designating Stockholder) pays or causes to be paid, for any reason, any amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder or under any other indemnification agreement (whether pursuant to contract, by-laws or charter) between the Company and Indemnitee, then (x) the Designating Stockholder (or such insurer, as the case may be) shall be fully subrogated to all rights of Indemnitee with respect to such payment and (y) the Company shall fully indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless the Designating Stockholder (or such insurer) for all such payments actually made by the Designating Stockholder (or such insurer) to the extent otherwise indemnifiable hereunder. 
 (f) The Company's obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 
 Section 15. Duration of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the later of: (a) 25 years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as an officer or director of the Company or, at the request of the Company, as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary of any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise; or (b) 1 year after the final termination of any Proceeding then pending in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder and of any proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 13 of this Agreement relating thereto. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his heirs, executors and administrators. 
 Section 16. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. 
 Section 17. Enforcement. 
 (a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve 
 12 

 and continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director or officer of the Company. 
 (b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder or under any applicable insurance policies. 
 Section 18. Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties thereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 
 Section 19. Notice by Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to the Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise except to the extent that the Company has been materially prejudiced by such failure to notify. 
 Section 20. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a) delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, (b) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed, (c) mailed by reputable overnight courier and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed or (d) sent by facsimile transmission, with receipt of oral confirmation that such transmission has been received: 
 (a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide to the Company in writing. 
 (b) If to the Company, to: 
 Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. 
 1201 Park Avenue, Suite 101 
 Emeryville, CA 94608 
 Facsimile: (510) 463-6385 Telephone: (510) 463-6385 Attention: General Counsel 
 
 or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company in writing. 
 Section 21. Contribution. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such 
 
 Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 
 Section 22. Applicable Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 13(a) of this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the "Delaware Court"), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. 
 Section 23. Identical Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement. 
 Section 24. Miscellaneous. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 
 14 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 
 INDEMNITEE 

By: 
 
 /s/ Tarang Amin 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Eric Weider 
 Name: 
 
 Tarang Amin 
 
 Name: 
 Eric Weider 
 Title: 
 
 President Chief Executive Officer 
 Address: 

Weider Health and Fitness 

21100 Erwin Street 

Woodland Hills, CA 91367 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.34>
 4
 shf-ex1034_2012531xk.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.34

SHF-EX10.34_2012.5.31-K 

Exhibit 10.34 
 
 FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 
 This Indemnification Agreement ("Agreement") is made as of ___________, 2012 by and between Schiff Nutrition International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and __________, an individual ("Indemnitee"). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly held corporations as directors or officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers, and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the corporation or business enterprise itself. The Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws require indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("DGCL"). The Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and DGCL indemnification provisions are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification; 
 WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons; 
 WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Company's stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 
 WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve for or on behalf of the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 
 WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; 
 1 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee does not regard the protection available under the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and insurance as adequate in the present circumstances, and may not be willing to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be so indemnified; and 
 WHEREAS, Indemnitee may have certain rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and/or insurance provided by the Designating Stockholder (as hereinafter defined) (or its affiliates), which Indemnitee and the Designating Stockholder (or its affiliates) intend to be secondary to the primary obligation of the Company to indemnify Indemnitee as provided herein, with the Company s acknowledgement of and agreement to the foregoing being a material condition to Indemnitee s willingness to continue to serve as a director of the Company. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows: 
 Section 1. Services to the Company. Indemnitee agrees to serve or continue to serve (as the case may be) as an officer or director (as applicable) of the Company and may serve as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of such other subsidiary, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as the Company may request from time to time. Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason resign from any such position (subject to any other contractual obligation or any obligation imposed by operation of law). This Agreement shall not be deemed an employment contract between the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) and Indemnitee. Indemnitee specifically acknowledges that Indemnitee's employment with the Company (or any of its subsidiaries), if any, is at will, and the Indemnitee may be discharged at any time for any reason, with or without cause, except as may be otherwise provided in any written employment contract between Indemnitee and the Company (or any of its subsidiaries), other applicable formal severance policies duly adopted by the Board, or, with respect to service as a director or officer of the Company, by the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, and the DGCL. The foregoing notwithstanding, with respect to acts or omissions occurring in the course of Indemnitee s service as a director or officer at the request of the Company, this Agreement shall continue in force after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as such. 
 Section 2. Definitions. As used in this Agreement: 
 (a) A "Change in Control" shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events: 
 i. Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of securities of the Company to the general public through a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) whereby any Person (as defined below) (other than the Company, any of its subsidiaries, an employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or a Person that, prior to such transaction, directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act (as defined below)) of securities of the Company possessing more than 50 of the total combined voting power of the Company s securities outstanding immediately after such acquisition, excluding any transaction involving a distribution of Stock held by Weider Health and Fitness WHF to individual stockholders of WHF or their family trusts; 
 2 

ii. Change in Board of Directors. During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a director designated by a person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Sections 2(a)(i), 2(a)(iii) or 2(a)(iv)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a least a majority of the members of the Board; 
 iii. Corporate Transactions. The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company through one or more intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination or (y) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or (z) the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each case other than a transaction: 
 A. Which results in the Company s voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the person that, as a result of the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the Company s assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such person, the Successor Entity )) directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity s outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction, or 
 B. After which no person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity; provided, however, that no person or group shall be treated for purposes of this Section 2(a)(iii)(B) as beneficially owning 50 or more of combined voting power of the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction; 
 iv. Liquidation. The approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or 
 v. Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act, whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement. 
 For purposes of this Section 2(a), the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 (A) "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 (B) "Person" shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 
 3 

(b) "Corporate Status" describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or of any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership or joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company. 
 (c) Designating Stockholder means TPG STAR SNI, L.P., TPG STAR, L.P. and any other investment fund or related management company or general partner that is a current or former affiliate of any of the foregoing entities or that is or was advised by the same investment adviser as any of the foregoing entities or by an affiliate of such investment adviser. Designating Stockholder shall also include each of its respective direct or indirect partners, shareholders, members, affiliates, associated investment funds, directors, officers, fiduciaries, managers, controlling persons, employees and agents and each of the direct or indirect partners, shareholders, members, affiliates, associated investment funds, directors, officers, fiduciaries, managers, controlling persons, employees and agents of each of the foregoing. 
 (d) "Disinterested Director" means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 
 (e) "Expenses" shall include all reasonable attorneys' fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, and (ii) for purposes of Section 13(d) only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitee's rights under this Agreement, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 
 (f) "Independent Counsel" means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term "Independent Counsel" shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee's rights under this Agreement. 
 (g) The term "Proceeding" shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative or investigative nature, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action taken by him or of any action on his part while acting as director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another subsidiary, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or Expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement 
 4 

of Expenses can be provided under this Agreement; except one initiated by an Indemnitee to enforce his rights under this Agreement. 
 (h) Reference to "other enterprise" shall include employee benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include any excise tax assessed with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to "serving at the request of the Company" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Company" as referred to in this Agreement. 
 Section 3. Indemnity in Third-Party Proceedings. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee is named in or made a party to or a participant in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal proceeding had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 
 Section 4. Indemnity in Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee is named in or made a party to or a participant in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or any court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification. 
 Section 5. Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If the Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred in 
 5 

connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which the Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 
 Section 6. Indemnification For Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith. 
 Section 7. Additional Indemnification . 
 (a) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law if Indemnitee is named in or made a party to or a participant in any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with a Proceeding. 
 (b) For purposes of Section 7(a), the meaning of the phrase "to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law" shall include, but not be limited to: 
 i. to the fullest extent permitted by the provision of the DGCL that authorizes or contemplates additional indemnification by agreement, or the corresponding provision of any amendment to or replacement of the DGCL, and 
 ii. to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments to or replacements of the DGCL adopted after the date of this Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its officers and directors. 
 Section 8. Exclusions. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee: 
 (a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; or 
 (b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law, or (ii) any reimbursement of the Company by the Indemnitee of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by the Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, as required in each case under the Exchange Act; or 
 (c) except as provided in Section 13(d) of this Agreement, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. 
 6 

Section 9. Advances of Expenses. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding, and such advancement shall be made within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitee's ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitee's ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement which shall constitute an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the advance to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. This Section 9 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to Section 8. 
 Section 10. Procedure for Notification and Defense of Claim. 
 (a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The omission by Indemnitee to request indemnification hereunder will not relieve the Company from any liability which it may have to Indemnitee otherwise than under this Agreement except to the extent the Company has been materially prejudiced by such omission to notify. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. 
 (b) The Company will be entitled to participate in any Proceeding at its own expense. 
 Section 11. Procedure Upon Application for Indemnification. 
 (a) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 10(a), a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitee's entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case: (i) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee; or (ii) if a Change in Control shall not have occurred, (A) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (B) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (C) if there are no such Disinterested Directors or, if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (D) if so directed by the Board, by the stockholders of the Company; and, if it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitee's entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys' fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to 
 7 

Indemnitee's entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 
 (b) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 11(a), the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 11(b). If a Change in Control shall not have occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. If a Change in Control shall have occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board, in which event the preceding sentence shall apply), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided , however , that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of "Independent Counsel" as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after the later of submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 10(a) hereof and the final disposition of the Proceeding, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the other's selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Court or by such other person as the Court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 11(a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 13(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing). 
 Section 12. Presumptions and Effect of Certain Proceedings. 
 (a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 10(a) of this Agreement, and the Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 
 (b) Subject to Section 13(e), if the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 11 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the 
 8 

Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee's statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that such 60-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 12(b) shall not apply (i) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination the Board has resolved to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, (B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and such determination is made thereat, or (C) a written consent in lieu of meeting is distributed to the stockholders within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination and sufficient votes to make such determination are received by the Company within sixty (60) days after such distribution, or (ii) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement. 
 (c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 
 (d) Reliance as Safe Harbor . For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee's action is based on the records or books of account of the Company, any if its subsidiaries or any other enterprise for which Indemnitee is serving as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary at the request of the Company, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any such other enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any such other enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any such other enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with the reasonable care by the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any such other enterprise. The provisions of this Section 12(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement. 
 (e) Actions of Others . The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or other enterprise for which Indemnitee is serving as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary at the request of the Company shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. 
 9 

Section 13. Remedies of Indemnitee. 
 (a) Subject to Section 13(e), in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement within ninety (90) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5 or 6 or the last sentence of Section 11(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3, 4 or 7 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vi) the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by a court of his entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of Expenses. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Indemnitee shall commence such proceeding seeking an adjudication or an award in arbitration within 180 days following the date on which Indemnitee first has the right to commence such proceeding pursuant to this Section 13(a); provided , however , that the foregoing clause shall not apply in respect of a proceeding brought by Indemnitee to enforce his rights under Section 5 of this Agreement. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee's right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 
 (b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13 the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, as the case may be. 
 (c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee's statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 
 (d) The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. It is the intent of the Company that the Indemnitee not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitee's rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to the Indemnitee hereunder. Subject to the repayment provisions of Section 9, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefore) advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection 
 10 

with any action brought by Indemnitee for indemnification or advance of Expenses from the Company under this Agreement or under any directors' and officers' liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement of Expenses or insurance recovery, as the case may be. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 
 Section 14. Non-exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation. 
 (a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in Delaware law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 
 (b) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee or agent under such policy or policies (provided no special premiums are required). If, at the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 
 (c) Subject to Sections 14(d) and 14(e), in the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 
 (d) The Company hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases, and covenants and agrees not to exercise any rights that the Company may now have or hereafter acquire against the Designating Stockholder (or any insurer providing insurance to the Designating Stockholder) that arise from or relate to the existence, payment, performance 
 11 

or enforcement of the Company s obligations under this Agreement or under any other indemnification agreement (whether pursuant to contract, by-laws or charter) with any person or entity, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation (whether pursuant to contract or common law), reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification, or to be held harmless, and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of Indemnitee against the Designating Stockholder (or insurer providing insurance to the Designating Stockholder), whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from the Designating Stockholder (or insurer providing insurance to the Designating Stockholder) or Indemnitee, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security on account of such claim, remedy or right. 
 (e) The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable (or for which advancement is provided hereunder) hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise ; provided , however , that (i) the Company hereby agrees that it is the indemnitor of first resort under this Agreement and under any other indemnification agreement (i.e., its obligations to Indemnitee under this Agreement or any other agreement or undertaking to provide advancement and/or indemnification to Indemnitee are primary and any obligation of the Designating Stockholder (or insurer providing insurance to the Designating Stockholder) to provide advancement or indemnification for the same Expenses, liabilities, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, liabilities, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement) incurred by Indemnitee are secondary), and (ii) if the Designating Stockholder (or insurer providing insurance to the Designating Stockholder) pays or causes to be paid, for any reason, any amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder or under any other indemnification agreement (whether pursuant to contract, by-laws or charter) between the Company and Indemnitee, then (x) the Designating Stockholder (or such insurer, as the case may be) shall be fully subrogated to all rights of Indemnitee with respect to such payment and (y) the Company shall fully indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless the Designating Stockholder (or such insurer) for all such payments actually made by the Designating Stockholder (or such insurer) to the extent otherwise indemnifiable hereunder. 
 (f) The Company's obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 
 Section 15. Corporate Opportunities . In recognition that the Designating Stockholder currently has, and will in the future have or will consider acquiring, investments in numerous companies with respect to which Indemnitee or some other representative of the Designating Stockholder may serve as an advisor, a director or in some other capacity, and in recognition that Indemnitee has a myriad of duties to various investors and partners (including the Designating Stockholder), and in anticipation that the Company, on the one hand, and the Designating Stockholder (or one or more portfolio companies of the Designating Stockholder), on the other hand, may have an interest in the same areas of corporate opportunities, and in recognition of the investment and strategic expertise of the Designating Stockholder and the benefits to be derived by the Company therefrom, (i) the Designating Stockholder has agreed to assist the Company in the analysis and evaluation of potential acquisitions and other strategic transactions that from time to time may be mutually designated by the Company and the Designating Stockholder for such analysis and evaluation (the Mutually Designated Transactions ), and (ii) the Company 
 12 

acknowledges and agrees that neither Indemnitee nor the Designating Stockholder will have a duty (contractual or otherwise) to communicate or present to the Company, or any of its affiliates, any corporate opportunities of which he or it becomes aware. Furthermore, the Company, on behalf of itself and each of its affiliates, hereby renounces any interest, right, or expectancy in any such opportunity (other than Mutually Designated Transactions) of which the Indemnitee or Designating Stockholder becomes aware (other than by virtue of confidential information acquired from the Company) to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the Company, on behalf of itself and each of its affiliates, hereby waives any claim against the Indemnitee or the Designating Stockholder or any of its direct or indirect beneficial owners based on the corporate opportunity doctrine, any alleged unfairness to the Company or otherwise that would require the Indemnitee or Designating Stockholder or any of its direct or indirect beneficial owners to offer any opportunity relating thereto to the Company (other than Mutually Designated Transactions). For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed that neither Indemnitee nor the Designating Stockholder shall have the right to pursue for his or its own benefit any corporate opportunity related to a Mutually Designated Transaction, unless the Company waives by written notice to the Designating Stockholder its interest therein. The Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliates, hereby renounces and waives any right to require Indemnitee or the Designating Stockholder to act in a manner inconsistent with the provisions of this Section 15. 
 Section 16. Reimbursement of Other Expenses . The Company will reimburse all out-of-pocket expenses (to the extent that they do not constitute Expenses) reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in the ordinary course performance of the services described in Section 1 or otherwise for the benefit, or at the request, of the Company or its affiliates (or for any services outside the ordinary course to the extent requested or agreed to by the Company), and will reimburse the Designating Stockholder for all out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred by it or its other personnel in the performance of services described in clause (i) of Section 15 (not including employment, benefit or overhead costs for such personnel) or otherwise at the request of the Company or its affiliates. The parties do not intend by this Section 16 to alter or broaden the types of Expenses that may be subject to indemnification, reimbursement, advancement or contribution under this Agreement, to alter the exclusions therefrom, or to change the circumstances and conditions under which such Expenses may be indemnified, reimbursed, advanced or subject to contribution. 
 Section 17. Duration of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the later of: (a) 25 years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as an officer or director of the Company or, at the request of the Company, as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary of any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise; or (b) 1 year after the final termination of any Proceeding then pending in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder and of any proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 13 of this Agreement relating thereto. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his heirs, executors and administrators. 
 Section 18. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent 
 13 

possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. 
 Section 19. Enforcement. 
 (a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve and continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director or officer of the Company. 
 (b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder or under any applicable insurance policies. 
 Section 20. Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties thereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 
 Section 21. Notice by Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to the Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise except to the extent that the Company has been materially prejudiced by such failure to notify. 
 Section 22. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a) delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, (b) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed, (c) mailed by reputable overnight courier and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed or (d) sent by facsimile transmission, with receipt of oral confirmation that such transmission has been received: 
 (a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide to the Company in writing. 
 (b) If to the Company, to: 
 Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. 
 1201 Park Avenue, Suite 101 
 Emeryville, CA 94608 
 Facsimile: (510) 463-6385 Telephone: (510) 463-6385 Attention: General Counsel 
 14 

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company in writing. 
 Section 23. Contribution. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 
 Section 24. Applicable Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 13(a) of this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the "Delaware Court"), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. 
 Section 25. Identical Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement. 
 Section 26. Miscellaneous. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 
 15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 
 INDEMNITEE 

By: 

Name: 
 
 Tarang Amin 
 
 Name: 
 
 Title: 
 
 President CEO 
 Address: 

16 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.35>
 5
 shf-ex1035_2012531xk.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.35

SHF-EX10.35_2012.5.31-K 

Exhibit 10.35 

EXECUTION COPY 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

BY AND AMONG 

SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

AND 

THE STOCKHOLDERS NAMED HEREIN 

Dated as of 
 
 August 10, 2012 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of August 10, 2012 (this Agreement ), by and among Schiff Nutrition International, Inc., a Delaware corporation Parent ), TPG STAR SNI, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership TPG and Weider Health and Fitness, a Nevada corporation WHF , and together with TPG, the Holders ). 
 WHEREAS, TPG owns 7,486,574 shares of Class A Common Stock (the Class A Common Stock and WHF owns 7,486,574 shares of Class B Common Stock (the Class B Common Stock, and together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock of Parent; and 
 WHEREAS, Parent desires to provide for an orderly market in the Common Stock. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 
 ARTICLE 1 
 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
 1.1. Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 Affiliate has the meaning given in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. 
 Agreement is defined in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Black-Out Period means a period of not more than sixty (60) days with regard to which Parent shall have furnished to the Holders of Registrable Securities a certificate signed by an executive officer of Parent stating that it would be (a) materially detrimental to Parent and its stockholders for Parent to file a Registration Statement at such time because Parent is engaged in a plan, proposal or agreement with respect to a financing, acquisition, recapitalization, reorganization or other material transaction or development or (b) a violation of the Securities Act for such Holders to sell shares pursuant to the applicable Registration Statement because of the existence of material non-public information that the board of directors has determined, in its good faith judgment, would be materially detrimental to Parent if disclosed. 
 Business Day means a day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions are required to be closed in City of New York, State of New York. 
 Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, and Common Stock are defined in the recitals to this Agreement. 
 Dollars or the symbol, , means United States dollars. 
 1 

 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principals as applied in the United States from time to time. 
 Holders are defined in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Indemnified Person is defined in Section 3.3. 
 Indemnifying Person is defined in Section 3.3. 
 Initiating Holder is defined in Section 2.1(a). 
 Insufficient Amount is defined in Section 2.3(a)(ii). 
 Liquidated Damages is defined in Section 3.5. 
 NASD means the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. 
 Parent is defined in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Participant is defined in Section 3.1. 
 Person means an individual, trustee, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, union, business association, firm or other legal entity. 
 Prospectus means the prospectus included in any Registration Statement (including any prospectus subject to completion and a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective Registration Statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated under the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus. 
 Registrable Securities means any Class A Common Stock (including shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of options or convertible securities) of Parent currently held or held at any future time by the Holders; provided that any such Class A Common Stock shall cease to be Registrable Securities when the Holder of such Class A Common Stock holds a number of shares of Class A Common Stock no greater than the amount of Class A Common Stock such Holder could sell without registration under the Securities Act in a ninety-day period under Rule 144. 
 Registration Statement means any registration statement of Parent that covers any of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, 
 2 

 including the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to such registration statement, including post-effective amendments, all exhibits, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such registration statement. 
 Rule 144 means Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any successor rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC providing for offers and sales of securities made in compliance therewith being free of the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. 
 Rule 145 means Rule 145 under the Securities Act. 
 Rule 415 means Rule 415 under the Securities Act. 
 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Underwritten registration or underwritten offering means a registration in which securities of Parent are sold to an underwriter for re-offering to the public. 
 1.2. Interpretation. 
 (a) Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. 
 (b) The words hereof, herein and herewith and words of similar import shall, unless otherwise stated, be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and article, section, paragraph, exhibit and schedule references are to the articles, sections, paragraphs, exhibits and schedules of and to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 
 (c) The plural of any defined term shall have a meaning correlative to such defined term, and words denoting any gender shall include both genders and the neuter. Where a word or phrase is defined herein, each of its other grammatical forms shall have a corresponding meaning. 
 (d) A reference to any party to this Agreement or any other agreement or document shall include such party s successors and permitted assigns. 
 (e) A reference to any legislation or to any provision of any legislation shall include any modification, amendment or re-enactment thereof, any legislative provision substituted therefor and all rules, regulations and statutory instruments issued under or related to such legislation. All references to accounting terms shall have the meanings determined under GAAP as in effect from time to time. 
 (f) The parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting 
 3 

 of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. 
 (g) No prior draft nor any course of performance or course of dealing shall be used in the interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 
 (h) The descriptive headings in this Agreement are intended for reference purposes only and shall not be used in the interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 
 (i) The parties intend that each provision of this Agreement shall be given full separate and independent effect. Although the same or similar subject matters may be addressed in different provisions of this Agreement, the parties intend that, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, each such provision be read separately, be given independent significance and not be construed as limiting any other provision in this Agreement (whether or not more general or more specific in scope, substance or context). 
 ARTICLE 2 
 REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
 2.1. Demand Registration. 
 (a) If Parent shall receive at any time after October 14, 2012, a written request from either Holder (in either case, the Initiating Holder that Parent file a Registration Statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act, with respect to all or part of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holder, provided that the sale of the Common Stock requested to be registered would yield aggregate gross proceeds in excess of 30 million, then Parent will: 
 (i) within ten days of the receipt thereof, give written notice of such request to all Holders of Registrable Securities; 
 (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to effect, as soon as practicable, the registration under the Securities Act of all Registrable Securities that the Holders thereof request to be registered, subject to the limitations of Section 2.1(b), within fifteen days of the mailing of such notice by Parent in accordance with Section 4.3; and 
 (iii) keep such Registration Statement effective for the shorter of 180 days or until the distribution contemplated in the Registration Statement has been completed; provided, however , that such 180-day period shall be extended for a period of time equal to (A) the period in which any Holder refrains from selling any securities included in such Registration Statement at the request of an underwriter of Common Stock 
 4 

 (or other securities of Parent); (B) the period in which any Holder refrains from selling any securities included in such Registration Statement at the request of Parent to permit Parent to amend such Registration Statement; (C) the duration of any Black-Out Period during which the use of a prospectus was suspended or sales of Registrable Securities were not permitted by a selling Holder; and (D) the periods for which effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been suspended as permitted by this Agreement. 
 (b) If the Initiating Holder intends to distribute the Registrable Securities covered by its request by means of an underwriting, it shall so advise Parent as a part of its request made pursuant to Section 2.1(a) and Parent shall include such information in the written notice referred to in Section 2.1(a). The underwriter will be selected by Parent, subject to the consent of the Initiating Holder (which will not be unreasonably withheld). In such event, the right of any Holder to include its Registrable Securities in such registration shall be conditioned upon such Holder s participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such Holder s Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the extent provided in this Article 2. All Holders proposing to distribute Registrable Securities through such underwriting shall (together with Parent as provided in Section 2.4(e)) enter into an underwriting agreement in the form requested by the underwriter or underwriters selected for such underwriting. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2.1, if the underwriter advises Parent that marketing factors require a limitation of the number of shares to be sold, then the number of shares of Registrable Securities that may be included in the underwriting shall be reduced, and shall be allocated among the Holders, in proportion (as nearly as practicable) to the amount of Registrable Securities requested to be registered by each Holder; provided, however , that if the number of shares of Registrable Securities to be included in such underwriting shall be reduced, no Registrable Securities of the Holders shall be excluded until all other shares to be included in the registration have been excluded. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, after a request to effect a Registration Statement pursuant to this Section 2.1, Parent shall have the right to defer the filing of the Registration Statement under this Section 2.1, or suspend the use of the related prospectus contained in the Registration Statement, during a Black-Out Period; provided that Parent may not utilize such deferral or suspension right (whether such right arises under this Section 2.1 or Section 2.3) more than twice in any twelve-month period. Parent shall promptly notify the Holders of the expiration of any period during which it exercised its rights under this Section 2.1(c). Parent agrees that, in the event it exercises its rights under this Section 2.1(c), it shall update the suspended registration statement as necessary to permit the Holders to resume use thereof in connection with the offer and sale of their Registrable Securities upon expiration of the Black-Out Period in accordance with applicable law. 
 (d) In addition, Parent shall not be obligated to effect, or to take any action to effect, any registration pursuant to this Section 2.1: 
 (i) after Parent has effected two registrations (one at the 
 5 

 request of TPG and one at the request of WHF) pursuant to this Section 2.1 and such registrations have been declared effective; provided, however, that if Parent is or becomes ineligible to effect a registration on Form S-3 at a time it is otherwise required to do so under Section 2.3, each of TPG and WHF shall be entitled to request one additional registration each during such period pursuant to this Section 2.1; and provided further, that if less than 90 of the Registrable Securities that TPG or WHF, as applicable, requested (in the capacity as Initiating Holder) to include in any such registration under this Section 2.1 are so included, then TPG or WHF, as applicable, will have the right to request one or more additional registrations until at least 90 of its requested shares are so included in a registration; or 
 (ii) during the period starting with the date sixty days prior to Parent s good faith estimate of the date of filing of, and ending on a date 180 days after the effective date of, a registration subject to Section 2.2. 
 (e) Expenses of Demand Registrations. All expenses (other than underwriting discounts and commissions) incurred in connection with any registration pursuant to this Section 2.1, including all registration, filing and qualification fees, printers and accounting fees, fees and disbursements of counsel for Parent and the reasonable fees and disbursements of one counsel for the selling Holders as selected by the Initiating Holder (not to exceed 100,000 per registration) shall be borne by Parent regardless of whether such Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC. 
 (f) Allocations of Demand Registrations . TPG shall be entitled to initiate one of the registrations under this Section 2.1 and WHF shall be entitled to initiate one of the registrations under this Section 2.1, except as set forth in Section 2.1(d)(i). 
 2.2. Parent Registration. 
 (a) Procedures for Parent Registration . If (but without any obligation to do so) Parent proposes to register for its own account and/or for the account of any other stockholder any of its common stock under the Securities Act in connection with the public offering of such securities (other than a registration relating solely to the sale of securities to participants in a Parent stock plan, a registration with respect to any transaction within the scope of Rule 145 or a registration in which the only Common Stock being registered is Common Stock issuable upon conversion of debt securities), Parent shall give each Holder thirty days prior written notice of such registration. Upon the written request of each Holder given within fifteen days after receipt of such notice by Parent in accordance with Section 4.3, Parent shall, subject to the limitations of Section 2.2(d), use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all of the Registrable Securities that each such Holder has requested to be registered to be so registered under the Securities Act. 
 (b) Right to Terminate Registration . Parent shall have the right to terminate or withdraw any registration initiated by it under this Section 2.2 prior to the effectiveness of such registration whether or not any Holder has elected to include securities in such registration. 
 6 

 (c) Expenses of Parent Registration . All expenses (other than underwriting discounts and commissions related to the Registrable Securities) incurred in connection with any registration pursuant to this Section 2.2, including all registration, filing, and qualification fees, printers and accounting fees, fees and disbursements of counsel for Parent and the fees and disbursements of one counsel for the selling Holders selected by the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities to be included (not to exceed 100,000 per registration) shall be borne by Parent regardless of whether such Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC. 
 (d) Terms of Underwriting; Limitation on Number of Shares to be Sold in an Underwritten Offering . In connection with any offering involving an underwriting of shares of Parent s capital stock, Parent shall not be required under this Section 2.2 to include any of the Registrable Securities in such underwriting unless the Holders thereof accept the terms of the underwriting as agreed upon between Parent and the underwriters selected by it (or by other persons entitled to select the underwriters). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2.2, if the underwriter advises Parent that marketing factors require a limitation of the number of shares to be sold other than by Parent, then the number of shares that may be included in the underwriting (other than by Parent) shall be reduced, and shall be allocated among the Holders, in proportion (as nearly as practicable) to the number of shares entitled to be included therein owned by each Holder; provided, however , that if the number of shares of Registrable Securities to be included in such underwriting shall be reduced, no Registrable Securities of the Holders shall be excluded until all other shares to be included in the registration by other selling stockholders have been excluded. 
 2.3. Form S-3 Registration. 
 (a) Procedures for Form S-3 Registration . If Parent shall receive at any time after October 14, 2012, a written request from either Holder that Parent file a Registration Statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act, with respect to all or a part of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holder, and Parent is then eligible to effect such registration using Form S-3, then Parent will: 
 (i) within ten days of the receipt thereof, give written notice of such request to all Holders of Registrable Securities; 
 (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to effect, as soon as practicable, the registration on Form S-3 under the Securities Act of all Registrable Securities that the Holders thereof request to be registered within fifteen days of the mailing of such notice by Parent in accordance with Section 4.3; provided that Parent shall not be obligated to effect any such registration pursuant to this Section 2.3: (A) if the Holders, together with the holders of any other securities of Parent entitled to inclusion in such registration, propose to sell Registrable Securities and such other securities (if any) at an aggregate price to the public (net of any underwriters discounts or commissions) of less than 10,000,000; or (B) during a Black-Out Period, in which case Parent shall have the right to (x) defer the filing of the Form S-3 Registration Statement for the duration of the 
 7 

 Black-Out Period or (y) suspend the use of the related prospectus for the Black-Out Period; provided further that Parent shall not utilize its deferral or suspension rights (whether the right arises under this Section 2.3 or Section 2.1) based on a Black-Out Period more than twice in any twelve-month period; or (C) in any particular jurisdiction in which Parent would be required to qualify to do business or to execute a general consent to service of process in effecting such registration, qualification or compliance; and 
 (iii) keep such Registration Statement effective for the shorter of 12 months or until the distribution contemplated in the Registration Statement has been completed; provided, however , that such 12-month period shall be extended for a period of time equal to (A) the period in which any Holder refrains from selling any securities included in such Registration Statement at the request of an underwriter of Common Stock (or other securities of Parent); (B) the period in which any Holder refrains from selling any securities included in such Registration Statement at the request of Parent to permit Parent to amend such Registration Statement; (C) the duration of a Black-Out Period during which the use of a prospectus was suspended; and (D) the periods for which effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been suspended as permitted by this Agreement. 
 Parent shall promptly notify the Holders of the expiration of any period during which it exercised its rights under Section 2.3(a)(ii)(B). Parent agrees that, in the event it exercises its rights under Section 2.3(a)(ii)(B), it shall update the suspended registration statement as necessary to permit the Holders to resume use thereof in connection with the offer and sale of their Registrable Securities upon expiration of the Black-Out Period in accordance with applicable law. 
 (b) Shelf Registration . If a Holder or Holders requests that a Parent registration under Section 2.3(a) be made for an offering on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act on Form S-3, Parent shall (i) register the Registrable Securities of such Holder or Holders on a continuous basis and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to keep such Registration Statement effective for the shorter of 12 months or until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement have been sold. 
 (c) Underwriting Requirements . If the Holder intends to distribute the Registrable Securities covered by its request by means of an underwriting, it shall so advise Parent as a part of its request made pursuant to Section 2.3(a) and Parent shall include such information in the written notice referred to in Section 2.3(a). The underwriter will be selected by Parent, subject to the consent of the Holder (which will not be unreasonably withheld). In such event, the right of any Holder to include its Registrable Securities in such registration shall be conditioned upon such Holder s participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such Holder s Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the extent provided in this Article 2. All Holders proposing to distribute Registrable Securities through such underwriting shall (together with Parent as provided in Section 2.4(e)) enter into an underwriting agreement in the form requested by the underwriter or underwriters selected 
 8 

 for such underwriting. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2.3, if the underwriter advises Parent that marketing factors require a limitation of the number of shares to be sold, then the number of shares of Registrable Securities that may be included in the underwriting shall be reduced, and shall be allocated among the Holders, in proportion (as nearly as practicable) to the amount of Registrable Securities requested to be registered by each Holder; provided, however , that if the number of shares of Registrable Securities to be included in such underwriting shall be reduced, no Registrable Securities of the Holders shall be excluded until all other shares to be included in the registration have been excluded. 
 (d) Expenses of Form S-3 Registration . All expenses (other than underwriters discounts or commissions associated with Registrable Securities) incurred in connection with a registration pursuant to this Section 2.3, including all registration, filing and qualification fees, printer s and accounting fees, fees and disbursements of counsel for Parent and the reasonable fees and disbursements of one counsel for the selling Holders selected by the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities to be included (not to exceed 100,000 per registration) shall be borne by Parent regardless of whether such Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC. 
 (e) Number of S-3 Registrations . Each Holder shall be entitled to request up to two registrations pursuant to this Section 2.3 (and to join in the other s requested registration, for a total of up to four registrations); provided that Parent shall not be obligated to effect more than two registrations under this Section 2.3 in any period of 12 consecutive months. Registrations effected pursuant to this Section 2.3 shall not be counted as demands for registration pursuant to Section 2.1. 
 2.4. Obligations of Parent . Whenever required under this Article 2 to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities, Parent shall, as expeditiously as reasonably possible: 
 (a) Registration Statement . Prepare and file with the SEC a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective. 
 (b) Amendments . Prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements to such Registration Statement and the prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective and to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by such Registration Statement during the period of time required under Section 2.1(a)(iii) or Section 2.3(a)(iii), as the case may be. 
 (c) Prospectuses . Furnish to the selling Holders such numbers of copies of a prospectus, including a preliminary prospectus, in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, and such other documents as they may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of Registrable Securities owned by them. 
 9 

 (d) Blue Sky . Use commercially reasonable efforts to register and qualify the securities covered by such Registration Statement under such other securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions as shall be reasonably requested by the Holders; provided that Parent shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to qualify to do business or to file a general consent to service of process in any such states or jurisdictions, unless Parent is already subject to service in such jurisdiction and except as may be required by the Securities Act. 
 (e) Underwriting Agreement . If an offering is an underwritten public offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement requested by the managing underwriter of such offering. Each Holder participating in such underwriting shall also enter into and perform its obligations under such an agreement. 
 (f) Notice of Misstatement or Omission . Immediately notify each Holder covered by such Registration Statement at any time when a prospectus relating thereto is required to be delivered under the Securities Act of the happening of any event as a result of which the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances then existing. Parent will promptly revise such prospectus as may be necessary so that such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state such a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances then existing. Parent will promptly deliver copies of such revised prospectus to the selling Holders. Following receipt of the revised prospectus, the selling Holders will be free to resume making offers of the Registrable Securities. Parent will extend the period during which the Registration Statement must be kept effective pursuant to this Agreement by the number of days during the period from and including the date of giving such notice to and including the date when the selling Holders shall have received copies of the revised prospectus. 
 (g) Listing or Quotation . Cause all such Registrable Securities registered pursuant to this Agreement to be listed on each securities exchange on which similar securities issued by Parent are then listed. 
 (h) Transfer Agent: CUSIP . Provide a transfer agent and registrar for all Registrable Securities registered pursuant hereunder and a CUSIP number for all such Registrable Securities, in each case not later than the effective date of such registration. 
 (i) Cooperation . Parent will use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the selling Holders in the disposition of the common stock covered by such Registration Statement, including without limitation in the case of an underwritten offering pursuant to Section 2.1 causing key executives of Parent and its subsidiaries to participate under the direction of the managing underwriter in a road show scheduled by such managing underwriter in such locations and of such duration as in the judgment of such managing underwriter are customary and appropriate for such underwritten offering. 
 10 

 (j) General Compliance with Federal Securities Laws; Section 11(a) Earning Statement . Parent will use its commercially reasonable efforts to comply with the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and any other applicable rules and regulations of the Commission. 
 2.5. Legal Opinion. Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to furnish, at the request of any Holder requesting registration of Registrable Securities pursuant to this Article 2, on the date that such Registrable Securities are delivered to the underwriters for sale in connection with a registration pursuant to this Article 2, if such securities are being sold through underwriters, (i) an opinion, dated such date, of the counsel for Parent, in form and substance as is customarily requested by the underwriters in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the underwriters, and (ii) a letter dated such date, from the independent certified public accountants of Parent and any company acquired by Parent, in form and substance as is customarily given by independent certified public accountants to underwriters in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the underwriters. 
 2.6. Obligations of Holders . It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of Parent to take any action pursuant to this Article 2 with respect to the Registrable Securities of any selling Holder that such Holder shall furnish to Parent such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it, and the intended method of disposition of such securities as shall be required to effect the registration of such Holder s Registrable Securities. 
 2.7. Assignment of Registration Rights . The rights to cause Parent to register Registrable Securities pursuant to this Article 2 may not be assigned, except by a Holder who transfers Registrable Securities to an Affiliate of such Holder which is in the business of investing in or holding securities, in which case the Holder may assign its registration rights hereunder to such Affiliate provided : (a) Parent is furnished with written notice of the name and address of such Affiliate transferee and the number of securities with respect to which such registration rights are being assigned; (b) such Affiliate transferee agrees in writing to be bound by and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and (c) such assignment shall be effective only if immediately following such transfer the further disposition of such securities by the Affiliate transferee is restricted under the Securities Act. 
 ARTICLE 3 
 INDEMNIFICATION; CONTRIBUTION 
 3.1. Indemnification by Parent . Parent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless, and cause each of its subsidiaries, jointly and severally, to indemnify and hold harmless, each Holder of Registrable Securities, any Person who is or might be deemed to be a controlling Person of any such Holder within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, the respective direct and indirect partners, advisory board members, trustees, members, shareholders, officers and directors of each 
 11 

 such Person or such Holder (each, a Participant ), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including the reasonable legal fees and other reasonable expenses actually incurred in connection with any suit, action, proceeding, investigation or any claim asserted or threatened) caused by, arising out of or based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained or incorporated by reference in any Registration Statement or Prospectus (as amended or supplemented if Parent shall have furnished any amendments or supplements thereto), (ii) any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or (iii) any violation or alleged violation by Parent or any of its subsidiaries of any federal, state, foreign or common law rule or regulation applicable to Parent or any of its subsidiaries and relating to action or inaction in connection with any such registration, disclosure document or other document or report, and will reimburse such Participant for any legal or any other expenses incurred by it in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability, action or proceeding; provided , however , Parent shall not be liable insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities are caused by any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Participant furnished to Parent in writing by or on behalf of such Participant expressly for use therein; provided , further , Parent shall not be liable if such untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission was contained or made in any preliminary prospectus and corrected in the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto and the Prospectus does not contain any other untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission of a material fact that was the subject matter of the related proceeding and any such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense suffered or incurred by the Participants resulted from any action, claim or suit by any Person who purchased Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof from such Participant and it is established in the related proceeding that such Participant had been provided with such Prospectus and failed to deliver or provide a copy of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) to such Person with or prior to the confirmation of the sale of such Registrable Securities sold to such Person unless such failure to deliver or provide a copy of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) was a result of noncompliance by Parent with this Agreement. The indemnities of Parent and of its subsidiaries contained in this Section 3.1 shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Participant and shall survive any transfer of securities or any termination of this Agreement. 
 3.2. Several Indemnification by Participants . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Section 3.2, each Participant agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless Parent, each other Participant, its directors and officers and each Person who controls Parent and each other Participant within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including the reasonable legal fees and other reasonable expenses actually incurred in connection with any suit, action, proceeding, investigation or any claim asserted or threatened) caused by, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration 
 12 

 Statement or Prospectus (as amended or supplemented if Parent shall have furnished any amendments or supplements thereto) or caused by, arising out of or based upon any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, only insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities are caused by any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Participant furnished to Parent in writing by or on behalf of such Participant expressly for use therein; provided , however , that a Participant shall not be liable if such untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission was contained or made in any preliminary prospectus and corrected in the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto and the Prospectus does not contain any other untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission of a material fact that was the subject matter of the related proceeding and any such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense suffered or incurred by Parent or any other Participant resulted from any action, claim or suit by any Person who purchased Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof from such other Participant and it is established in the related proceeding that Parent or such other Participant, as applicable, had been provided with such Prospectus and failed to deliver or provide a copy of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) to such Person with or prior to the confirmation of the sale of such Registrable Securities sold to such Person unless such failure to deliver or provide a copy of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) was a result of noncompliance by such Participant with this Agreement. No Participant shall be liable under this Article 3 for any amounts in excess of such Participant s net proceeds actually received by such Participant from the sale of such Participant s Registrable Securities (after deducting all underwriter s discounts and commissions and all other expenses paid by such Participant in connection with the registration in question). 
 3.3. Indemnification Procedures. 
 (a) If any suit, action, proceeding (including any governmental or regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall be brought or asserted against any Person in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to either of the two preceding paragraphs, such Person (the Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Person against whom such indemnity may be sought (the Indemnifying Person in writing, and the Indemnifying Person, upon request of the Indemnified Person, shall retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person to represent the Indemnified Person and any others the Indemnifying Person may reasonably designate in such proceeding and shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses actually incurred by such counsel related to such proceeding; provided, however , that the failure to so notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it of any obligation or liability which it may have hereunder or otherwise, except to the extent of any prejudice caused by such delay. In any such proceeding, any Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel if it would be a conflict of interest for the Indemnified Person and the Indemnifying Person to be represented by the same counsel, but the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless (a) the Indemnifying Person and the 
 13 

 Indemnified Person shall have mutually agreed in writing to the contrary, (b) the Indemnifying Person has failed within a reasonable time to retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person or (c) the named parties in any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the Indemnifying Person and the Indemnified Person and there are one or more defenses available to the Indemnified Person that are not available to the Indemnifying Person. It is understood that the Indemnifying Person shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm (in addition to any local counsel) for all Indemnified Persons, and that all such reasonable fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred. Any such separate firm for the Participants shall be designated in writing by Participants who sold a majority in interest of Registrable Securities sold by all such Participants and any such separate firm for Parent, its directors, officers and control Persons of Parent shall be designated in writing by Parent. The Indemnifying Person shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), but if settled with such consent or if there is a final non-appealable judgment for the plaintiff, the Indemnifying Person agrees to indemnify any Indemnified Person from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. No Indemnifying Person shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Person, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement (x) includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person, in form and substance satisfactory to such Indemnified Person, from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding, (y) does not include any statement as to an admission of fault, culpability or failure to act by or on behalf of an Indemnified Person and (z) does not involve the imposition of equitable remedies or the imposition of any obligations on such Indemnified Person and does not otherwise adversely affect such Indemnified Person, other than as a result of the imposition of financial obligations for which such Indemnified Person will be indemnified hereunder. 
 3.4. Contribution. 
 (a) If the indemnification provided for in the preceding sections of this Article 3 is unavailable to, or insufficient to hold harmless, an Indemnified Person in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to therein, then each Indemnifying Person under such paragraphs, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Person thereunder and in order to provide for just and equitable contribution, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Person or Persons on the one hand and the Indemnified Person or Persons on the other in connection with the statements or omissions (or alleged statements or omissions) that resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the parties shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact 
 14 

 relates to information supplied by the Indemnifying Person on the one hand or by the Indemnified Person, as the case may be, on the other, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission and any other equitable considerations appropriate under the circumstances. 
 (b) The parties agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Article 3 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Participants were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. The amount paid or payable by an Indemnified Person as a result of the losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth above, any reasonable legal or other expenses actually incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with investigating or defending any such suit, action, proceeding or investigation or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article 3, in no event shall a Participant be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which net proceeds (after deducting all underwriter s discounts and commissions and all other expenses paid by such Participant in connection with the registration in question) actually received by such Participant from sales of such Participant s Registrable Securities exceeds the amount of any damages that such Participant has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11 of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. 
 3.5. Additional Remedies . The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Article 3 will be in addition to any liability which the Indemnifying Persons may otherwise have to the Indemnified Persons referred to above. 
 ARTICLE 4 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 4.1. Rule 144 . Parent covenants that it will file the reports required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations adopted by the SEC thereunder in a timely manner and, if at any time it is not required to file such reports, it will, upon the request of any Holder of Registrable Securities, make available other information so long as necessary to permit sales pursuant to Rule 144. 
 4.2. Remedies . If Parent breaches of any of its obligations under this Agreement, each Holder of Registrable Securities, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Parent agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall waive the defense 
 15 

 that a remedy at law would be adequate. 
 4.3. Notices. 
 (a) All notices and other communications provided for or permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by hand-delivery, internationally recognized overnight air courier or telecopier with receipt (confirmed by telephone call received by sender): 
 
 (i) if to TPG, at the address as follows: 
 TPG STAR SNI, L.P. 
 345 California Street, Suite 3300 
 San Francisco, CA 94104 
 Facsimile: (415) 743-1685 
 Telephone: (415) 743-1610 
 Attention: Matthew T. Hobart 
 
 (ii) with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 
 Ropes Gray 
 1211 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10036 
 Facsimile: (212) 596-9000 
 Telephone: (212) 596-9090 
 Attention: Carl P. Marcellino 
 
 (iii) if to WHF, at the address as follows: 
 Weider Health and Fitness 
 21100 Erwin Street 
 Woodland Hills, CA 91367 
 Facsimile: (818) 999-6958 
 Telephone: (818) 595-0531 
 Attention: Eric Weider 
 
 (iv) if to Parent, at the address as follows: 
 Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. 
 1201 Park Avenue, Suite 101 
 Emeryville, CA 94608 
 Facsimile: (510) 922-1131 Telephone: (510) 463-6385 Attention: General Counsel 
 16 

 with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 
 Latham Watkins 
 140 Scott Drive 
 Menlo Park, CA 94025 
 Facsimile: (650) 463-2600 
 Telephone: (650) 328-4600 
 Attention: Robert A. Koenig 
 
 (b) All such notices and communications shall be deemed to have been duly given: when delivered by hand, if personally delivered; two Business Days after being timely delivered to an internationally recognized overnight delivery service (such as Federal Express); and when delivery is confirmed by a telephone call received by sender confirming receipt, if telecopied. 
 4.4. Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns (pursuant to Section 2.7) of each of the parties hereto. 
 4.5. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (whether delivered by facsimile or otherwise), each of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other parties. 
 4.6. Headings . The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 
 4.7. Governing Law . This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 4.8. Severability . Any term or provision of this Agreement that is held to be invalid, void or unenforceable shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement. If any term or provision of this Agreement is determined by a court to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the parties agree that the court shall have the power to and shall reduce the scope, duration, area or applicability of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid, void or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision. 
 4.9. Entire Agreement . This Agreement is intended by the parties as a final and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein and therein and any and all prior oral or written agreements, representations, or warranties, contracts, understandings, correspondence, conversations and memoranda between the Holders on the one hand 
 17 

 and Parent on the other, or between or among any agents, representatives, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors in interest or successors in interest with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof are merged herein and replaced hereby. 
 
 18 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above. 
 
 SCHIFF NUTRITION INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ Tarang Amin 
 
 Name: Tarang Amin Title: President CEO 

TPG STAR SNI, L.P. 
 By: TPG Star, L.P. 
 By: TPG Star GenPar, L.P., its general partner 
 By: TPG Star GenPar Advisors, its general partner 
 
 By: /s/ Ronald Cami 
 
 Name: Ronald Cami Title: Vice President 

WEIDER HEALTH AND FITNESS 
 
 By: /s/ Eric Weider 
 
 Name: Eric Weider Title: President 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 shf-ex231_2012531xk.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

SHF-EX23.1_2012.5.31-K 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. s 333-153139, 333-87944, 333-27973, 333-128959, and 333-174114 on Form S-8 of our report dated August 15, 2011, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. for the year ended May 31, 2012. 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 
 August 14, 2012 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 7
 shf-ex232_2012531xk.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.2

SHF-EX23.2_2012.5.31-K 

Exhibit 23.2 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 The Board of Directors Schiff Nutrition International, Inc.: 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. s 333-174114, 333 153139, 333-128959, 333-87944, and 333-27973) on Form S-8 of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. of our reports dated August 14, 2012 , with respect to the consolidated balance sheet of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. as of May 31, 2012, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for the year ended May 31, 2012, and the related financial statement schedule, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2012, which reports appear in the May 31, 2012 annual report on Form 10 K of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Salt Lake City, Utah August 14, 2012 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 shf-ex311_2012531xk.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

SHF-EX31.1_2012.5.31-K 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Tarang P. Amin, President and Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc.; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date: 
 August 14, 2012 
 /s/ Tarang P. Amin 

Tarang P. Amin 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 shf-ex312_2012531xk.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

SHF-EX31.2_2012.5.31-K 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Joseph W. Baty, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc.; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date: 
 August 14, 2012 
 /s/ Joseph W. Baty 

Joseph W. Baty 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 shf-ex321_2012531xk.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

SHF-EX32.1_2012.5.31-K 

Exhibit 32.1 

The following certifications are being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. These certifications shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby certifies, to his knowledge, that: 
 
 (i) the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2012 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated: 
 August 14, 2012 
 By: 
 /s/ Tarang P. Amin 

Tarang P. Amin 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement as required by Section 906 has been provided to Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. and will be retained by Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby certifies, to his knowledge, that: 
 
 (i) the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2012 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated: 
 August 14, 2012 
 By: 
 /s/ Joseph W. Baty 

Joseph W. Baty 

Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement as required by Section 906 has been provided to Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. and will be retained by Schiff Nutrition International, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 11
 shf-20120531.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 shf-20120531.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 shf-20120531_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 shf-20120531_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 shf-20120531_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 shf-20120531_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

