<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20120330_10-K_edgar_data_319458_0001144204-12-018598.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3458554</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>292246</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>690767</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>990193</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>618795</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>668502</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-12-018598.hdr.sgml : 20120330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20120330141204
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-12-018598
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20111231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20120330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20120330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Enservco Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000319458
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				840811316
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-09494
		FILM NUMBER:		12728007

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 SOUTH CHERRY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 320
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80246
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-333-3678

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 SOUTH CHERRY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 320
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80246

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ASPEN EXPLORATION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-12-018598.txt : 20120330

10-K
 1
 v305491_10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

x ANNUAL
 REPORT UNDER SECTION
 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF 1934. 

 For the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION
 13 OR 15(d) OF
 THE SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF
 1934. 

 For the
transition period from _______ to ______ 

Commission file number: 000-9494 

 ENSERVCO CORPORATION 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

Delaware 
 
 84-0811316 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 

501 South Cherry St., Ste. 320 
 Denver, CO 
 
 80246 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Issuer s telephone number: (303)
333-3678 

830 Tenderfoot Hill Road, Suite 310 

 Colorado Springs, CO 80906 

 (Former name or former address if
changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act : None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act: 

 Common Stock, 0.005 par value 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act: 
Yes x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x
 Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act: 
Yes x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x Yes 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or
any amendment to this Form 10-K. x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Yes 
 No 

The aggregate market value of the common
stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2011 was approximately 5,595,564 based upon the closing sale price
of the Registrant s Common Stock of 0.95 on such date. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive
determination for other purposes. 

As of March 15, 2012, there were 21,778,866
shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

The Company was incorporated
as Aspen Exploration Corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 28, 1980 for the primary purpose of acquiring,
exploring and developing oil and natural gas and other mineral properties. During the first half of 2009, Aspen disposed of its
oil and natural gas producing assets and as a result was no longer engaged in active business operations. On June 24, 2010, Aspen
entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization with Dillco Fluid Service, Inc. Dillco which set
forth the terms by which Dillco became a wholly owned subsidiary of Aspen on July 27, 2010 (the Merger Transaction ). 

On December 30, 2010,
Aspen changed its name to Enservco Corporation. As such, throughout this report the terms the Company 
and/or Enservco are intended to refer to the Company on a post Merger Transaction basis and as a whole, with respect
to both historical and forward looking contexts. As a result of the Merger Transaction, the Company s fiscal year was modified
to be the calendar year as described below. 

The Company s
executive (or corporate) offices are located at 501 South Cherry St., Ste. 320, Denver, CO 80246. Our telephone number is (303)
333-3678, and our facsimile number is (720) 974-3417. Our website is www.enservco.com. 

Corporate Structure 

Immediately
prior to closing the Merger Transaction and as a result of an internal reorganization that commenced in 2009, Dillco s assets
and the ownership interests of its subsidiaries were held and controlled primarily through a holding company, Enservco LLC LLC ).
Certain of these reorganizational transactions are further described under Item 13 of this Annual
Report. 

On July 26, 2010,
immediately prior to completion of the Merger Transaction, Dillco merged into LLC, with Dillco being the surviving entity in that
transaction. Prior to that transaction, the LLC served as a holding company for Dillco, Heat Waves Hot Oil Express LLC Heat
Waves ), and other entities that owned assets utilized by the Company in its business operations. 

Immediately prior
to the completion of the Merger Transaction, Dillco had two owners, Michael D. Herman (90 and Rick D. Kasch (10 ). Mr. Herman
has been a Manager, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and control person of the LLC, Dillco, Heat Waves and the other Dillco
subsidiaries since the time of their formation and/or acquisition by the LLC. Mr. Kasch has served as the Chief Financial Officer
and a Manager for these same entities since the time of their formation and/or acquisition. Messrs. Herman and Kasch became significant
shareholders of the Company as a result of the Merger Transaction. 

2 

The Company s
business operations are conducted primarily through Dillco and Heat Waves (100 owned by Dillco). The below table provides an
overview of the Company s current subsidiaries and their activities. 

Name 
 
 State of Formation 
 Ownership 
 Business 
 
 Dillco Fluid Service, Inc. Dillco 
 Kansas 
 100 by Enservco 
 Oil and natural gas field fluid logistic services primarily in the Hugoton Basin in western Kansas and northwestern Oklahoma. 

Heat Waves Hot Oil Services LLC Heat Waves 
 Colorado 
 100 by Dillco 
 Oil and natural gas well services, including logistics and stimulation throughout the regional USA. 

HE Services, LLC HES 
 Nevada 
 100 by Heat Waves 
 No active business operations. Owns construction equipment used by Heat Waves. 

Real GC, LLC Real GC 
 Colorado 
 100 by Heat Waves 
 No active business operations. Owns real property in Garden City, Kansas that is utilized by Heat Waves. 

Trinidad Housing, LLC Trinidad Housing 
 Colorado 
 100 by Dillco. 
 No active business operations. 

Enservco Frac Services, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 by Enservco 
 No active business operations. 

Aspen Gold Mining Company 
 Colorado 
 100 by Enservco 
 No active business operations. 

Overview of Business Operations 

As described above,
 Enservco primarily conducts its business operations through two subsidiaries, Dillco and Heat Waves,
which provide oil field services to the domestic onshore oil and natural gas industry. These services include pressure testing,
hot oiling, acidizing, frac heating, freshwater and saltwater hauling, fluid disposal, frac tank rental, well site construction
and other general oil field services. As described in the table above, certain assets utilized by Dillco and Heat Waves in their
business operations are owned by other subsidiary entities. The Company currently operates in the following geographic regions:

Eastern
 USA Region, including
 the southern region
 of the Marcellus
 Shale formation (southwestern
 Pennsylvania and
 northern West Virginia).
 The Eastern USA Region
 operations are deployed
 from Dillco s
 operations center
 in Carmichaels, Pennsylvania
 which opened in the
 first quarter of
 2011. 

Rocky
 Mountain Region,
 including western
 Colorado and southern
 Wyoming (D-J Basin
 and Niobrara formations),
 western North Dakota
 and eastern Montana
 (Bakken formation),
 and northeastern
 Utah (Uintah formation).
 The Rocky Mountain
 Region operations
 are deployed from
 Heat Waves 
 operations centers
 in Killdeer, North
 Dakota and Cheyenne,
 Wyoming (both of
 which opened in
 third quarter of
 2011); Roosevelt,
 Utah; and Platteville,
 Colorado. 

3 

Central
 USA Region, including
 southwestern Kansas,
 northwestern Oklahoma,
 and northern New
 Mexico. The Central
 USA Region operations
 are deployed from
 operations centers
 in Garden City,
 Meade, and Hugoton,
 Kansas. 

Management believes
that Enservco is strategically positioned with its ability to provide its services to a large customer base in key oil and natural
gas basins in the United States. Management is optimistic that as a result of the significant expenditures the Company has made
in new equipment in combination with expanding into new basins and geographical locations, the Company will be able to further
grow and develop its business operations. 

Historically, the
Company focused its growth strategy on strategic acquisitions of operating companies and then expanding operations through additional
capital investment consisting of the acquisition and fabrication of property and equipment. That strategy also included expanding
the Company s geographical footprint as well as expanding the services it provides. These strategies are exemplified by
the acquisitions of operating entities (described below) and: 

(1) In 2009, 2010 and 2011, Dillco
 and Heat Waves spent approximately 2.0 million, 2.2 million (not
 including capital leases of approximately 455,000), and 5.3 million,
 respectively, for the acquisition and fabrication of property and
 equipment; and 

(2) To expand its footprint, in mid-2008
 Heat Waves moved into the Uintah basin in northwestern Utah, in
 early 2010 Heat Waves began providing services in the Marcellus
 Shale natural gas field in southwestern Pennsylvania and West Virginia,
 and in September 2011 Heat Waves extended its services into the
 D-J Basin / Niobrara formation and the Bakken formation through
 opening new operation centers in southern Wyoming and western North
 Dakota, respectively. 

Going forward, and
subject to the availability of adequate financing, the Company expects to continue to pursue its growth strategies of exploring
additional acquisitions, potentially expanding the geographic areas in which it operates, and diversifying the products and services
it provides to customers, as well as making further investments in its assets and equipment. 

Operating Entities 

As noted above, the
Company conducts its business operations and holds assets primarily through its subsidiary entities. The following describes the
operations and assets of Enservco s subsidiaries through which Enservco conducts its business operations. 

Dillco .
From its inception in 1974, Dillco has focused primarily on providing water hauling/disposal/storage services, well site construction
services and frac tank rental to energy companies working in the Hugoton gas field in western Kansas and northwestern Oklahoma.
Water hauling/disposal has been the primary source of Dillco s revenue. Dillco currently owns and operates a fleet of water
hauling trucks and related assets, including specialized tank trucks, frac tanks, water disposal wells, construction and other
related equipment. These assets transport, store and dispose of both fresh and salt water, as well as provide well site construction
and maintenance services. 

4 

Heat Waves .
Heat Waves provides a range of well stimulation/maintenance services to a diverse group of independent and major oil and natural
gas companies. The primary services provided are intended to: 

(1) Assist in the fracturing of formations
 for newly drilled oil and natural gas wells; and 

(2) Help maintain and enhance the production
 of existing wells throughout their productive life. 

These services consist
of frac heating, hot oiling and acidizing. Heat Waves also provides some water hauling and well site construction services. Heat
Waves operations are currently in southern Kansas, northwestern Oklahoma, northeastern Utah (Uintah Basin), northern New
Mexico, southern and central Wyoming (Niobrara formation), Colorado (D-J Basin), southwest Pennsylvania/ northwestern West Virginia
(Marcellus Shale) region, and western North Dakota and eastern Montana (Bakken formation). 

HES .
HES owns construction and related equipment that Heat Waves uses in its well site construction and maintenance services. However,
HES does not currently engage in any business activities itself. HES also owns a disposal well that Dillco uses for salt water
disposal. HES acquired the well from Mr. Herman in March 2010 for 100,000, which amount was paid in September 2010. 

Real GC .
Real GC owns land in Garden City, Kansas, which Heat Waves uses for the location of an acid dock facility, truck and inventory
storage, and other related purposes. 

Trinidad Housing .
Trinidad Housing owned land and a building in Trinidad, Colorado that was previously used as a nursing home. The building was
converted for use as rental housing for Heat Waves employees from out of town that were working at the Trinidad facility. As of
December 2010 there were no such employees living at the Trinidad facility. During December 2011 the property was sold to an outside
party. 

Products and Services 

The Company provides
a range of services to owners and operators of oil and natural gas wells. Such services can generally be grouped into the three
following categories: 

(1) Fluid management services, i.e.,
 water hauling, frac tank rental, and disposal services; 

(2) Well enhancement services, i.e.,
 hot oiling, acidizing, frac heating, and pressure testing; and 

(3) Well site construction and roustabout
 services. 

Dillco primarily provides
fluid management and well site construction services whereas Heat Waves primarily provides well enhancement and construction and
roustabout services. The following map shows the primary areas in which Heat Waves and Dillco currently have active business operations. 

5 

The following is a
more complete description of the services provided by Enservco through its subsidiaries. 

Fluid Services . 

Water
Hauling Historically water hauling has accounted for approximately 40 of the Company s revenues on a consolidated
basis. Dillco currently owns and operates approximately 40 water hauling trucks equipped with pumps to move water from or into
wells, tanks and other storage facilities in order to assist customers in managing their water-cost needs. Each truck has a hauling
capacity of up to 130 barrels (each barrel being equal to 42 U.S. gallons). The trucks are used to: 

(1) Transport water to fill frac tanks
 on well locations, 

(2) Transport contaminated water produced
 as a by-product of producing wells to disposal wells, including
 disposal wells that we own and operate, 

(3) Transport drilling and completion
 fluids to and from well locations, and 

(4) Following completion of fracturing
 operations, the trucks are used to transport the flow-back produced
 as a result of the fracturing process from the well site to disposal
 wells. 

Most
wells produce residual salt or fresh water in conjunction with the extraction of the oil or natural gas. Dillco s trucks
pick up water at the well site and transport it to a disposal well for injection or to other environmentally sound surface recycling
facilities. This is regular maintenance work that is done on a periodic basis depending on the volume of water a well produces.
Water-cost management is an ongoing need for oil and natural well gas operators throughout the life of a well. 

6 

Dillco s
ability to outperform competitors in this segment is primarily dependent on logistical factors such as the proximity between areas
where water is produced or used and where strategic placement and/or access to both disposal wells and recycling facilities. Dillco,
Heat Waves and HES own five water disposal wells in Kansas and Oklahoma. It is management s intent to expand Enservco s
disposal well holdings and access to recycling facilities, but also to use disposal wells and other facilities owned by third
parties where appropriate. 

Typically
Dillco and a customer enter into a contract for services after that customer has completed a competitive bidding process. Requirements
for minor or incidental water hauling services are usually purchased on a call out basis and charged according to
a published schedule of rates. Dillco competes for services both on a call out and contractual basis. 

Workover,
completion, and remedial activities also provide the opportunity for higher operating margins from tank rentals and water hauling
services. Drilling and workover jobs typically require water for multiple purposes. Completion and workover procedures often also
require large volumes of water for fracturing operations, a process of stimulating a well hydraulically to increase production.
All fluids are required to be transported from the well site to an approved disposal facility. 

Competitors
in the water hauling business are mostly small, regionally focused companies. The level of water hauling activity is comprised
of a relatively stable demand for services related to the maintenance of producing wells and a highly variable demand for services
used in the drilling and completion of new wells. As a result, the level of domestic onshore drilling activity significantly affects
the level of the Company s activity in this service area, and may vary from region to region and from season to season. 

Disposal
Well Services The Company owns five disposal wells in Kansas and Oklahoma that allow for the injection of salt water
and incidental non-hazardous oil and natural gas wastes. 

Our
trucks frequently transport fluids to be disposed of into these disposal wells. The Company s disposal wells are located
in southwestern Kansas and northwestern Oklahoma in areas in proximity to our customers producing wells. Most oil and natural
gas wells produce varying amounts of water throughout their productive lives. In the states in which we operate, oil and natural
gas wastes and water produced from oil and natural gas wells are required by law to be disposed of in authorized facilities, including
permitted water disposal wells. These disposal wells are licensed by state authorities pursuant to guidelines and regulations
imposed by the Environmental Protection Agency and the Safe Drinking Water Act and are completed in an environmentally sound manner
in permeable formations below the fresh water table. 

Frac
Tank Rental Dillco also generates revenues from the rental of frac tanks which can store up to 500 barrels of water
and are used by oilfield operators to store fluids at the well site, including fresh water, salt water, and acid for frac jobs,
flowback, temporary production and mud storage. Dillco transports the tanks on its trucks to well locations that are usually within
a 30 mile radius of its nearest yard but can range from just a couple of miles up to as many as 200 miles. Frac tanks are used
during all phases of the life of a producing well. Dillco generally rents frac tanks at daily rates and charges hourly rates for
the transportation of the tanks to and from the well site. 

7 

Well Enhancement Services . 

Well enhancement services
consist of frac heating, acidizing, hot oiling services, and pressure testing. These services are provided primarily by Heat Waves
which currently utilizes a fleet of approximately 150 custom designed trucks and other related equipment. Heat Waves operations
are currently in southern Kansas, northwestern Oklahoma, northern New Mexico, southern Wyoming (Niobrara), Colorado (D-J Basin),
northeastern Utah (Uintah Basin), southwestern Pennsylvania/northwestern West Virginia (Marcellus Shale) region, and western North
Dakota and eastern Montana (Bakken formation). Well enhancement services accounted for approximately 55 of the Company s
total revenues for its 2011 fiscal year on a consolidated basis. 

Frac Heating 
- Fracturing services are intended to enhance the production from oil and natural gas wells where the natural flow has been restricted
by underground formations through the creation of conductive flowpaths to enable the hydrocarbons to reach the wellbore. The fracturing
process consists of pumping a fluid slurry, which largely consists of fresh water and a proppant (explained below),
into a cased well at sufficient pressure to fracture (i.e. create conductive flowpaths) the producing formation. Sand, bauxite
or synthetic proppants are suspended in the fracturing fluid slurry and are pumped into the well under great pressure to fracture
the formation. To ensure these solutions are properly mixed (gel frac) or that plain water (used in slick water fracs) can flow
freely, the water frequently needs to be heated to a sufficient temperature as determined by the well owner/operator. Heat Waves
owns and operates approximately 25 frac heaters designed to heat large amounts of water stored in reservoirs or frac tanks. 

Acidizing -
Acidizing is most often used for any of three functions: 

Increasing
 permeability throughout
 the formation, 

Cleaning
 up formation damage
 near the wellbore
 caused by drilling,
 and 

For
 removing buildup
 of materials restricting
 the flow in the formation
 or through perforations
 in the well casing. 

Acidizing entails
pumping large volumes of specially formulated acids and/or chemicals into a well to dissolve materials blocking the flow of the
oil or natural gas. The acid is pumped into the well under pressure and allowed time to react. The spent fluids are then flowed
or swabbed out of the well, after which the well is put back into production. 

Heat Waves provides
acidizing services by utilizing its fleet of five mobile acid transport and pumping trucks. For most customers, Heat Waves supplies
the acid solution and also pumps that solution into a given well. There are customers who provide their own solutions and hire
Heat Waves to pump the solution. 

Hot Oil Services
 Hot oil services involve the circulation of a heated fluid, typically oil, to dissolve / melt or dislodge paraffin
or other hydrocarbon deposits from the tubing of a producing oil or natural gas well. These deposits build up over a period of
time from normal production operations, although the rate at which these products build up depends on the chemical character of
the oil and natural gas being produced. This is performed by circulating the hot oil down the casing and back up the tubing to
remove the deposits from the well bore. 

8 

Hot oil servicing
also includes the heating of oil storage tanks. The heating of storage tanks is done: 

(1) To eliminate water and other soluble
 waste in the tank for which the operator s revenue is reduced
 at the refinery; and 

(2) Because heated oil flows more efficiently
 from the tanks to transports taking oil to the refineries in colder
 weather. 

Heat Waves currently owns and operates
 approximately 30 hot oil trucks in its fleet. 

Pressure Testing
 Pressure testing consist of pumping fluids into new or existing wells or other components of the well system
such as flow lines to detect leaks. Hot oil trucks and pressure trucks are used to perform this service. 

Construction
and Roustabout Services . 

Dillco and Heat Waves
derive revenue from their fleet of power units which includes dozers, trenchers, motor graders, backhoes and other heavy equipment
used in road and well-site construction. Contracts for well site construction services are normally awarded by our customers on
the basis of competitive bidding and may range in scope from several days to several weeks in duration. Construction service revenues
are directly impacted by the drilling activities of oil and natural gas companies. 

Ownership of Company Assets 

As described above,
Enservco owns and uses a fleet of trucks, frac tanks, disposal wells and other assets to provide its services and products. Substantially
all of the equipment and personal property assets owned by Dillco and Heat Waves are subject to a security interest to secure
loans made to Dillco and its subsidiary companies (which loans Enservco as the parent corporation has guaranteed). 

Historically, some
of the equipment utilized by Dillco and Heat Waves was leased from related entities HNR LLC HNR , deconsolidated
as of December 31, 2009) and HES. Previously HNR and HES were not subsidiary entities of Dillco, but were owned separately by
our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Herman, and his family. HNR was formed to acquire certain assets utilized primarily by Dillco,
and HES was formed to acquire construction equipment leased to Heat Waves. On December 31, 2009, Dillco acquired certain assets
from HNR and then in March 2010 HES became a wholly owned subsidiary of Heat Waves. 

Competitive Business Conditions 

The
markets in which Enservco currently operates are highly competitive. Competition is influenced by such factors as price, capacity,
the quality and availability of equipment, availability of work crews, and reputation and experience of the service provider.
Enservco believes that an important competitive factor in establishing and maintaining long-term customer relationships is having
an experienced, skilled, and well-trained work force that is responsive to our customers needs. Although we believe customers
consider all of these factors, price is often the primary factor in determining which service provider is awarded the work. 

9 

The
demand for our services fluctuates primarily in relation to the worldwide commodity price (or anticipated price) of oil and natural
gas which, in turn, is largely driven by the worldwide supply of, and demand for, oil and natural gas, political events, as well
as speculation within the financial markets. Demand and prices are often volatile and difficult to predict and depends on events
that are not within our control. Generally, as supply of those commodities decreases and demand increases, service and maintenance
requirements increase as oil and natural gas producers drill new wells and attempt to maximize the productivity of their existing
wells to take advantage of the higher priced environment. 

Enservco s
competition primarily consists of small regional or local contractors. Enservco attempts to differentiate itself from its competition
in large part through its superior equipment and the range and quality of services it has the capability to provide. Enservco
invests a significant amount of capital into purchasing, developing, and maintaining a fleet of trucks and other equipment that
are critical to the services it provides. Further, Enservco concentrates on providing services to a diverse group of large and
small independent oil and natural gas companies. We believe we have been successful using this business model and believe it will
enable us to continue to grow our business. 

Dependence on One or a Few Major Customers 

Enservco
serves numerous major and independent oil and natural gas companies that are active in its core areas of operations. 

During
 the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2011,
 only one of the Company s
 customers accounted
 for more than 10 
 of consolidated revenues
 at approximately
 12 and no other
 customers exceeded
 9 of revenues. Nevertheless,
 the Company s
 top five customers
 in 2011 accounted
 for approximately
 38 of its total
 revenues. The loss
 of any one of these
 customers or a sustained
 decrease in demand
 by any of such customers
 could result in a
 substantial loss
 of revenues and could
 have a material adverse
 effect on Enservco s
 results of operations. 

For
 the year ended December
 31, 2010, there was
 also only one customer
 that accounted for
 10 or more of the
 Company s total
 consolidated revenues
 at approximately
 13 . 

While the Company
believes its equipment could be redeployed in the current market environment if Dillco and/or Heat Waves lost any material customers,
such loss could have an adverse effect on the Company s business until the equipment is redeployed. Except as discussed
in the preceding sentences, we believe that the market for Enservco s services is sufficiently diversified that it is not
dependent on any single customer or a few major customers. 

Seasonality 

Portions of Enservco s
operations are impacted by seasonal factors, particularly with regards to its frac heating and hot oiling services. In regards
to frac heating, because customers rely on Heat Waves to heat large amounts of water for use in fracturing formations, demand
for this service is much greater in the colder months. Similarly, hot oiling services are in higher demand during the colder months
when they are needed for maintenance of existing wells and to heat oil storage tanks. 

10 

Acidizing and pressure
testing are done primarily during non-winter months. 

The hauling of water
from producing wells is not as seasonal as our other services since wells produce water whenever they are pumping regardless of
weather conditions. Hauling of water for the drilling or fracturing of wells is also not seasonal but dependent on when customers
decide to drill or complete wells. 

Raw Materials 

Enservco
purchases a wide variety of raw materials, parts, and components that are made by other manufacturers and suppliers for our use.
Enservco is not dependent on any single source of supply for those parts, supplies or materials. However, there are a limited
number of vendors for certain acids and chemicals. Enservco utilizes a limited number of suppliers and service providers available
to fabricate and/or construct the trucks and equipment used in its hot oiling, frac heating, and acid related services. 

Patents, Trademarks, Licenses,
Franchises, Concessions, Royalty Agreements or Labor Contracts 

Enservco (through
Heat Waves and Dillco) enters into agreements with local property owners where its disposal wells are located by which the Company
generally agrees to pay those property owners a fixed amount per month plus a percentage of revenues derived from utilizing those
wells. The terms of these agreements are separately negotiated with the given property owner, and during its 2011 fiscal year
the total amount paid under these various agreements by the Company was immaterial to the Company and its business operations. 

Government Regulation 

Enservco
(as a result of Heat Waves and Dillco s business operations) is subject to a variety of government regulations ranging
from environmental to OSHA to the Department of Transportation. The Company does not believe that it is in material violation
of any regulations that would have a significant negative impact on Enservco s operations. 

Through
the routine course of providing services, Enservco (through Heat Waves and Dillco) handles and stores bulk quantities of hazardous
materials. If leaks or spills of hazardous materials handled, transported or stored by us occur, Enservco may be responsible under
applicable environmental laws for costs of remediating any damage to the surface or sub-surface (including aquifers). Heat Waves 
and Dillco s operations are subject to stringent federal, state and local laws regulating the discharge of materials into
the environment or otherwise relating to health and safety or the protection of the environment. Numerous governmental agencies,
such as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, commonly referred to as the EPA, issue regulations to implement
and enforce these laws, which often require difficult and costly compliance measures. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations
may result in the assessment of substantial administrative, civil and criminal penalties, as well as the issuance of injunctions
limiting or prohibiting activities. In addition, some laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may,
in certain circumstances, impose strict liability for environmental contamination, rendering a person liable for environmental
damages and cleanup costs without regard to negligence or fault on the part of that person. Strict adherence with these regulatory
requirements increases our cost of doing business and consequently affects our profitability. Enservco believes that it is in
substantial compliance with current applicable environmental laws and regulations and that continued compliance with existing
requirements will not have a material adverse impact on the Company s operations. However, environmental laws and regulations
have been subject to frequent changes over the years, and the imposition of more stringent requirements could have a materially
adverse effect upon Enservco s capital expenditures, earnings or our competitive position. 

11 

The Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA ), also known as Superfund, imposes
liability without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on certain classes of persons who contributed to the
release of a hazardous substance into the environment. In the course of Enservco s operations (being those
of Heat Waves and Dillco), it does not typically generate materials that are considered hazardous substances. One
exception, however, would be spills that occur prior to well treatment materials being circulated down hole. For example, if Heat
Weaves or Dillco spills acid on a roadway as a result of a vehicle accident in the course of providing well enhancement/stimulation
services, or if a tank with acid leaks prior to down hole circulation, the spilled material may be considered a hazardous
substance. In this respect, Enservco may occasionally be considered to generate materials that are regulated
as hazardous substances and, as a result, may incur CERCLA liability for cleanup costs. Also, claims may be filed for personal
injury and property damage allegedly caused by the release of hazardous substances or other pollutants. 

Additionally, the
Company (through Heat Waves and Dillco) operates facilities that are subject to requirements of the Clean Water Act, as amended,
or CWA, the Safe Drinking Water Act, and analogous state laws that impose restrictions and controls on the discharge
of pollutants into navigable waters. Spill prevention, control and counter-measure requirements under the CWA require implementation
of measures to help prevent the contamination of navigable waters in the event of a hydrocarbon spill. Regulations in the states
in which Enservco owns and operates wells (Kansas and Oklahoma) require us to obtain a permit to operate each of our disposal
wells. The applicable regulatory agency may suspend or modify one of our permits if Enservco s well operations are likely
to result in pollution of freshwater, substantial violation of permit conditions or applicable rules, or if the well leaks into
the environment. 

Because Heat Waves 
and Dillco s trucks travel over public highways to get to customer s wells, Enservco is subject to the regulations
of the Department of Transportation. These regulations are very comprehensive and cover a wide variety of subjects from the maintenance
and operation of vehicles to driver qualifications to safety. Violations of these regulations can result in penalties ranging
from monetary fines to a restriction on the use of the vehicles. Under regulations effective July 1, 2010, the continued violation
of regulations could result in a shutdown of all of the vehicles of either Dillco or Heat Waves. Enservco does not believe it
is in significant violation of Department of Transportation regulations at this time that would result in a shutdown of vehicles. 

Employees 

As of March 15, 2012,
Enservco employed approximately 125 full time employees. Of these employees, 3 are employed by Enservco Corporation, approximately
42 by Dillco, and approximately 80 by Heat Waves. 

12 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Enservco s securities
are highly speculative and involve a high degree of risk, including among other items the risk factors described below. The below
risk factors are intended to generally describe certain risks that could materially affect the Company and its current business
operations and activities. 

You should carefully
consider the risks described below and elsewhere herein in connection with any decision whether to acquire, hold or sell the Company s
securities. If any of the contingencies discussed in the following paragraphs or other materially adverse events actually occurs,
the business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, the trading
price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or a significant part of your investment. 

Operations Related Risks 

We
had a 2.7 million working capital deficit at December 31, 2011 which, if not remediated, may restrict our future operations. 

At
December 31, 2011, our working capital deficit (current assets less current liabilities) was approximately 2.7 million. Unless
we are able to refinance our debt facilities with our primary lender, raise sufficient financing, or improve our working capital
through results of operations during the next fiscal year to address our working capital deficit and other operational issues resulting
from this working capital deficit, our operations may be adversely affected. While the Company believes it has made the necessary
steps to improve and eliminate the working capital deficit through results of operations going forward and has initiated steps
to refinance our debt and raise sufficient financing, we cannot offer any assurance that we will be able to refinance our indebtedness
with our primary lender or raise sufficient financing to adequately remediate these working capital deficit concerns. 

Our
success depends on key members of our management, the loss of any of whom could disrupt our business operations. 

We
depend to a large extent on the services of certain of our executive officers. The loss of the services of Michael D. Herman or
Rick D. Kasch and/or Austin Peitz, or other key personnel, could disrupt our operations. Although we have entered into employment
agreements with Messrs. Herman, Kasch and Peitz, that contain, among other things non-compete and confidentiality provisions,
we may not be able to enforce the non-compete and/or confidentiality provisions in the employment agreements. 

We
depend on several significant customers, and a loss of one or more significant customers could adversely affect our results of
operations. 

Enservco s
customers consist primarily of major and independent oil and natural gas companies. During fiscal years 2011 and 2010, only one
of the Company s customers accounted for more than 10 of consolidated revenues at approximately 12 during 2011 and 13 
during 2010 (all other customers were individually less than 9 and 7 of revenues during these years, respectively). 

The
Company notes, that though there was only one customer that accounted for more than 10 of revenues during 2011, the Company s
top five customers accounted for approximately 38 of its total revenues during the year. The loss of any one of these customers
or a sustained decrease in demand by any of such customers could result in a substantial loss of revenues and could have a material
adverse effect on Enservco s results of operations. 

While the Company
believes its equipment could be redeployed in the current market environment if Dillco and/or Heat Waves lost any material customers,
such loss could have an adverse effect on the Company s business until the equipment is redeployed. Except as discussed
in the preceding sentences, we believe that the market for Enservco s services is sufficiently diversified that it is not
dependent on any single customer or a few major customers. 

13 

Our
business depends on domestic spending by the oil and natural gas industry, and our business has been, and may continue to be,
adversely affected by industry and financial market conditions that are beyond our control. 

We depend on our customers 
willingness to make operating and capital expenditures to explore, develop and produce oil and natural gas in the United States.
Customers expectations for lower market prices for oil and natural gas, as well as the availability of capital for operating
and capital expenditures, may cause them to curtail spending, thereby reducing demand for our services and equipment. As an example,
Enservco believes the weak global economy and decrease in demand for oil and natural gas during much of 2009 significantly contributed
to the Company s net loss of approximately 5.9 million in fiscal 2009. On the other hand, the generally improving economic
conditions and increasing activity in the oil and gas industry in late 2010 and throughout 2011 has likely benefitted Enservco. 

Industry
conditions are influenced by numerous factors over which Enservco has no control, such as the supply of and demand for oil and
natural gas, domestic and worldwide economic conditions, weather conditions, political instability in oil and natural gas producing
countries (such as currently occurring in the Middle East), and merger and divestiture activity among oil and natural gas producers.
The volatility of the oil and natural gas industry and the consequent impact on exploration and production activity could adversely
impact the level of drilling and activity by some of our customers. This reduction may cause a decline in the demand for Enservco s
services or adversely affect the price of its services. In addition, reduced discovery rates of new oil and natural gas reserves
in Enservco s market areas also may have a negative long-term impact on its business, even in an environment of stronger
oil and natural gas prices, to the extent existing production is not replaced and the number of producing wells for Enservco to
service declines. 

On-going
volatility and uncertainty in the global economic environment has caused the oilfield services industry to experience volatility
in terms of demand, and the rate at which demand may slow, or return to former levels, is uncertain. At times the recent volatility
in prices for oil and natural gas has led many oil and natural gas producers to announce reductions in their capital budgets for
certain periods. Limitations on the availability of capital, or higher costs of capital, for financing expenditures may cause
these and other oil and natural gas producers to make on-going or additional reductions to capital budgets in the future even
if commodity prices increase from current levels. These cuts in spending will curtail drilling programs as well as discretionary
spending on well services, which may result in a reduction in the demand for Enservco s services, the rates we can charge
and our utilization. In addition, certain of Enservco s customers could become unable to pay their suppliers, including
Enservco. Any of these conditions or events could adversely affect our operating results. 

If
oil and natural gas prices remain volatile it could have an adverse effect on the demand for our services. 

The
demand for many of our services is primarily determined by current and anticipated oil and natural gas prices, and the related
general production spending and level of drilling activity in the areas in which we have operations. 

14 

Though
we feel the domestic oil and gas industry has rebounded in 2011 as compared to prior years, prices for oil and natural gas historically
have been extremely volatile in prior years and likely will continue to be volatile. Volatility or weakness in oil and natural
gas prices (or the perception that oil and natural gas prices will decrease) affects the spending patterns of our customers and
may result in the drilling of fewer new wells or lower production spending on existing wells. This, in turn, could result in lower
demand for our services and may cause lower rates and lower utilization of Enservco s well service equipment. 

Higher
oil and gas prices do not necessarily result in increased drilling activity because our customers expectation of future
prices also drives demand for drilling services. Oil and gas prices as well as demand for Enservco s services also depends
upon other factors that are beyond Enservco s control, including the following: 

demand
 for oils and natural
 gas; 

cost
 of exploring for,
 producing, and
 delivering oil
 and natural gas; 

expectations
 regarding future
 energy prices; 

advancements
 in exploration
 and development
 technology; 

adoption
 or repeal of laws
 regulating oil
 and gas production
 in the U.S.; 

imposition
 or lifting of economic
 sanctions against
 foreign companies; 

weather
 conditions; 

rate
 of discovery of
 new oil and natural
 gas reserves; 

tax
 policy regarding
 the oil and gas
 industry; and 

development
 and use of alternative
 energy sources. 

Demand for the
majority of our services is substantially dependent on the levels of expenditures by the domestic oil and natural gas industry.
Enservco has no influence over its customers capital expenditures. On-going economic volatility could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Demand for the majority
of our services depends substantially on the level of expenditures by participants in the domestic (United States) oil and natural
gas industry for the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas reserves. These expenditures are sensitive
to the industry s view of future economic growth in the United States and elsewhere, and the resulting impact on demand
for oil and natural gas. The worldwide deterioration in the financial and credit markets, which began in the second half of 2008,
resulted in diminished demand for oil and natural gas and significantly lower oil and natural gas prices during 2009 and at least
the first half of 2010. This caused many of our customers to reduce or delay their oil and natural gas exploration and production
spending in 2009 and the first half of 2010, which consequently reduced their demand for our services, and exerted downward pressure
on the prices that we charged for our services and products. Though we feel the domestic oil and gas industry has rebounded in
2011 as compared to 2009 and 2010, other worldwide political events may result in higher or lower prices for oil and natural gas
and impact the demand for our services. 

Furthermore, increasing
oil and natural gas prices can lead to increasing costs of exploring for and producing oil and natural gas. Though the addition
of frac stimulation into the domestic oil and gas industry has somewhat reduced the overall costs of producing oil and natural
gas, the price of drill rigs, pipe, other equipment, fluids, and oil field services and the cost to companies like Enservco of
providing those services, has generally increased with significant increases in oil and natural gas prices. The resulting reduction
in cash flows being experienced by our customers during the past years due to the general deterioration of the financial and credit
markets and the increase of the costs of exploring for and producing oil and natural gas as noted above, together with the reduced
availability of credit and increased costs of borrowing funds, could have significant adverse effects on the financial condition
of some of our customers. This could result in project modifications, delays or cancellations, general business disruptions, and
delay in, or nonpayment of, amounts that are owed to the Company, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

15 

Environmental
compliance costs and liabilities could reduce our earnings and cash available for operations. 

We are subject to
increasingly stringent laws and regulations relating to importation and use of hazardous materials and environmental protection,
including laws and regulations governing air emissions, water discharges and waste management. We incur, and expect to continue
to incur, capital and operating costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations. The technical requirements of these laws
and regulations are becoming increasingly complex, stringent and expensive to implement. These laws may provide for strict
liability for damages to natural resources or threats to public health and safety. Strict liability can render a party
liable for damages without regard to negligence or fault on the part of the party. Some environmental laws provide for joint and
several strict liability for remediation of spills and releases of hazardous substances. 

The Company uses hazardous
substances and wastes in its operations. Accordingly, we could become subject to potentially material liabilities relating to
the investigation and cleanup of contaminated properties, and to claims alleging personal injury or property damage as the result
of exposures to, or releases of, hazardous substances. In addition, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, new
laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the imposition of new or increased requirements could
require Enservco to incur costs or become the basis of new or increased liabilities that could reduce its earnings and cash available
for operations. The Company believes it is currently in substantial compliance with environmental laws and regulations. 

Competition
within the well services industry may adversely affect our ability to market our services. 

The
well services industry is highly competitive and fragmented and includes numerous small companies capable of competing effectively
in our markets on a local basis, as well as several large companies that possess substantially greater financial and other resources
than Enservco. The Company s larger competitors have greater resources that could allow those competitors to compete more
effectively than can Enservco. The amount of equipment available may exceed demand, which could result in active price competition. 

Our
operations are subject to inherent risks, some of which are beyond our control. These risks may be self-insured, or may not be
fully covered under our insurance policies but, to the extent not covered, are self-insured by Enservco. 

Our operations are
subject to hazards inherent in the oil and natural gas industry, such as, but not limited to, accidents, blowouts, explosions,
fires and oil spills. These conditions can cause: 

Personal
 injury or loss
 of life, 

Damage
 to or destruction
 of property, equipment
 and the environment, and 

Suspension
 of operations
 by our customers. 

16 

The
occurrence of a significant event or adverse claim in excess of the insurance coverage that we maintain or that is not covered
by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, claims for
loss of oil and natural gas production and damage to formations can occur in the well services industry. Litigation arising from
a catastrophic occurrence at a location where our equipment and services are being used may result in our being named as a defendant
in lawsuits asserting large claims. 

The
Company maintains insurance coverage that we believe to be customary in the industry against these hazards. However, we do not
have insurance against all foreseeable risks, either because insurance is not available or because of the high premium costs.
As such, not all of our property is insured. The occurrence of an event not fully insured against, or the failure of an insurer
to meet its insurance obligations, could result in substantial losses. In addition, we may not be able to maintain adequate insurance
in the future at reasonable rates. Insurance may not be available to cover any or all of the risks to which we are subject, or,
even if available, it may be inadequate, or insurance premiums or other costs could rise significantly in the future so as to
make such insurance prohibitively expensive. It is likely that, in our insurance renewals, our premiums and deductibles will be
higher, and certain insurance coverage either will be unavailable or considerably more expensive than it has been in the recent
past. In addition, our insurance is subject to coverage limits, and some policies exclude coverage for damages resulting from
environmental contamination. 

We
may not be successful in identifying, making and integrating our acquisitions, if any, in the future. 

We
anticipate that a component of our growth strategy may be to make geographic-focused acquisitions aimed to strengthen our presence
in selected regional markets. Pursuit of this strategy may be restricted by the on-going volatility and uncertainty within the
credit markets which may significantly limit the availability of funds for such acquisitions. In addition to restricted funding
availability, the success of this strategy will depend on our ability to identify suitable acquisition candidates and to negotiate
acceptable financial and other terms. There is no assurance that we will be able to do so. The success of an acquisition depends
on our ability to perform adequate due diligence before the acquisition and on our ability to integrate the acquisition after
it is completed. While the Company intends to commit significant resources to ensure that it conducts comprehensive due diligence,
there can be no assurance that all potential risks and liabilities will be identified in connection with an acquisition. Similarly,
while we expect to commit substantial resources, including management time and effort, to integrating acquired businesses into
ours, there is no assurance that we will be successful integrating these businesses. In particular, it is important that the Company
be able to retain both key personnel of the acquired business and its customer base. A loss of either key personnel or customers
could negatively impact the future operating results of any acquired business. 

Compliance
with climate change legislation or initiatives could negatively impact our business. 

The
U.S. Congress has considered legislation to mandate reductions of greenhouse gas emissions and certain states have already
implemented, or may be in the process of implementing, similar legislation. Additionally, the U.S. Supreme Court has held
in its decisions that carbon dioxide can be regulated as an air pollutant under the Clean Air Act, which could result
in future regulations even if the U.S. Congress does not adopt new legislation regarding emissions. At this time, it is not
possible to predict how legislation or new federal or state government mandates regarding the emission of greenhouse gases could
impact our business; however, any such future laws or regulations could require us or our customers to devote potentially material
amounts of capital or other resources in order to comply with such regulations. These expenditures could have a material adverse
impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

17 

Debt Related Risks 

Our
indebtedness, which is currently collateralized by substantially all of our assets, could restrict our operations and make
us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions. 

We
currently have a significant amount of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2011, the Company owed approximately 11.9 million to
banks and financial institutions (a significant portion of which has been guaranteed by Enservco as Dillco s parent corporation),
with another 2.3 million due through a revolving letter of credit and another 1.5 million of subordinated debt to Mr. Herman,
(the largest individual stockholder of the Company). 

Our
current and future indebtedness could have important consequences. For example, it could: 

Impair
 our ability to
 make investments
 and obtain additional
 financing for
 working capital,
 capital expenditures,
 acquisitions or
 other general
 corporate purposes, 

Limit
 our ability to
 use operating
 cash flow in other
 areas of our business
 because we must
 dedicate a substantial
 portion of these
 funds to make
 principal and
 interest payments
 on our indebtedness, 

Make
 us more vulnerable
 to a downturn
 in our business,
 our industry or
 the economy in
 general as a substantial
 portion of our
 operating cash
 flow will be required
 to make principal
 and interest payments
 on our indebtedness,
 making it more
 difficult to react
 to changes in
 our business and
 in industry and
 market conditions, 

Put
 us at a competitive
 disadvantage to
 competitors that
 have less debt, and 

Increase
 our vulnerability
 to interest rate
 increases to the
 extent that we
 incur variable
 rate indebtedness. 

If
we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or are otherwise unable to obtain the funds required to make principal and interest
payments on our indebtedness, or if we otherwise fail to comply with the various debt service covenants and/or reporting covenants
in the business loan agreements or other instruments governing our current or any future indebtedness, we could be in default
under the terms of our credit facilities or such other instruments. In the event of a default, the holders of our indebtedness
could elect to declare all the funds borrowed under those instruments to be due and payable together with accrued and unpaid interest,
the lenders under our credit facility could elect to terminate their commitments there under and we or one or more of our subsidiaries
could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. Any of the foregoing consequences could restrict our ability to grow our business
and cause the value of our common stock to decline. 

18 

We
may be unable to meet the obligations of various financial covenants that are contained in the terms of our loan agreements with
Great Western Bank. 

Dillco s
agreements with Great Western Bank impose various obligations and financial covenants on Dillco, each of which Enservco (as the
parent corporation) has guaranteed. The outstanding amount under a line of credit with Great Western Bank is due in full in October
2012 unless it is renewed on a year-to-year basis. Additionally, the term loan with Great Western Bank was amended during
2011, eliminating the requirement for Dillco to make a 1.0 million principal payment during the year and also amended the maturity
date of the term loan from June 2015 to March 2015, effectively increasing the monthly principal and interest payments due through
maturity. Both of these loans with Great Western Bank have a variable interest rate, are guaranteed by Enservco (as the parent
corporation) and each of its subsidiaries, and are collateralized by substantially all of Dillco s and Heat Waves 
assets. 

Further,
the related agreements with Great Western and the bank impose various financial covenants on Dillco including maintaining a prescribed
debt service ratio, minimum net worth, maximum leverage ratio, and limit the Company s ability to incur additional debt
obligations. If Dillco is unable to comply with its obligations and covenants under the loan agreements and it declares an event
of default all of Dillco s obligations to Great Western Bank could be immediately due. Because Enservco (as the parent corporation)
guaranteed Dillco s debt to Great Western Bank, any default by Dillco on its obligations to Great Western would likely directly
impact Enservco. 

At
December 31, 2011, the Company did not meet some of the financial covenants imposed by the loan agreements which resulted in an
Event of Default under the loan documents. Great Western Bank has waived the effect of this Event of Default and has agreed to
modify the debt covenants of the loan agreements for future reporting periods for those covenants which were in default at December
31, 2011. If any further Event of Default occurs under any of the Great West Bank loan agreements, we cannot offer any assurance
that the Bank will grant a similar waiver. 

The
agreements between Dillco and its primary lender contain cross default provisions with the debt of our principal stockholder,
Michael D. Herman. 

Michael
D. Herman is our principal stockholder, a director, and chief executive officer. Before closing of the Merger Transaction, Mr.
Herman controlled Dillco and its affiliated entities, and had various personal and unrelated business loans with Great Western
Bank and its predecessor lenders. When the Company negotiated its loan agreements with Great Western Bank, the bank insisted that
they contain cross default provisions so that a default by Mr. Herman on his personal indebtedness with Great Western Bank would
constitute a default on Great Western s loans to Dillco. As a result of these cross-default provisions, should Mr. Herman
default on any of the other debt he has through the bank in his personal capacity, the bank could declare Dillco s loans
in default and call upon Enservco s guarantee with respect to Dillco s loans (but not Mr. Herman s separate
obligations). Upon an event of default by Mr. Herman, Dillco might not be able to satisfy its obligations to Great Western Bank
which would likely adversely impair Enservco s ability to conduct its business operations and pay its other obligations
necessary to maintain its business operations. Neither Dillco nor Enservco have any control over whether there occurs an event
of default under Mr. Herman s personal loan agreements. 

19 

The
variable rate indebtedness with Great Western Bank subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations
to increase significantly. 

Dillco s
borrowings through Great Western Bank bear interest at variable rates, exposing the Company to interest rate risk. Absent our
ability to hedge our variable rates, if such rates increase, Dillco s debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness
would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same and the Company s net income and cash available for servicing
Dillco s indebtedness would decrease. 

Risks Related to Our Common
Stock 

Our common stock
is subject to the penny stock rules which limits the market for our common stock . 

Because our stock
is not quoted on an exchange and since the market price of the common stock is less than 5.00 per share, the common stock is
classified as a penny stock . SEC Rule 15g-9 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 1934 Act imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that recommend the purchase or sale of penny stocks to persons
other than those who qualify as an established customer or an accredited investor. This includes the
requirement that a broker-dealer must make a determination that investments in penny stocks are suitable for the customer and
must make special disclosures to the customers concerning the risk of penny stocks. Many broker-dealers decline to participate
in penny stock transactions because of the extra requirements imposed on penny stock transactions. Application of the penny stock
rules to our common stock reduces the market liquidity of our shares, which in turn affects the ability of holders of our common
stock to resell the shares they purchase, and they may not be able to resell at prices at or above the prices they paid. 

It is likely
that any efforts we may make to raise capital or effect a business transaction will result in substantial additional dilution
to our stockholders. 

As part of our growth
strategy we may desire to raise capital and or utilize its common stock to effect strategic business transactions. Either such
action will likely require that we issue equity (or debt) securities which would result in dilution to our existing stockholders.
Although we will attempt to minimize the dilutive impact of any future capital-raising activities or business transactions, we
cannot offer any assurance that we will be able to do so. If we are successful in raising additional working capital, we may have
to issue additional shares of our common stock at prices at a discount from the then-current market price of our common stock. 

The majority
of our common stock is currently considered restricted stock and our common stock is not currently eligible to be resold pursuant
to Rule 144. 

A significant portion
of our outstanding common stock was issued to our principal stockholders in July 2010 as restricted securities under
Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Aspen issued these shares to Mr. Mrs. Herman and Mr. Kasch in consideration for their
interests in Dillco. As a former shell company, to the extent that any person holds restricted securities of Enservco or otherwise
must rely on Rule 144 for resale, Rule 144(i) imposes additional restrictions on the ability of any holder to utilize the exemption
from registration for sales contained in Rule 144. 

20 

Because
we have no plans to pay dividends on our common stock, investors must look solely to stock appreciation for a return on their
investment in us. 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all future
earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. Any payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of our
board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness,
statutory and contractual restrictions applying to the payment of dividends and other considerations that the board of directors
deems relevant. The terms of Dillco s existing senior credit facility restrict the payment of dividends without the prior
written consent of the lenders. 

 Investors must
rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize a return on their
investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. 

General Corporate Risks 

Concentration
of ownership in Mr. Herman makes it unlikely that any stockholder will be able to influence the election of directors or engage
in a change of control transaction. 

Because Mr. Herman
directly and indirectly owns approximately 60 of the Company s outstanding common stock, he has the ability to elect all
of our directors when they again stand for reelection. Furthermore, no person seeking control of Enservco through stock ownership
will be able to succeed in doing so without negotiating an arrangement to do so with Mr. Herman. For so long as Mr. Herman continues
to own a significant percentage of the outstanding shares of Enservco common stock, he will retain such control over the election
of the board of directors and the negotiation of any change of control transaction. 

Risk of change
of control. 

Mr. Herman directly
and indirectly owns approximately 60 of the Company s outstanding common stock. Mr. Herman has significant personal indebtedness
to Great Western Bank, also the Company s principal lender. Mr. Herman has granted Great Western Bank a blanket lien on
his personal assets. Therefore, should Mr. Herman default on his personal indebtedness to the Bank, the Bank may institute a collection
action which could result in the transfer of Mr. Herman s interest in Enservco to the Bank which transfer would
result in a change of control. 

Provisions
in our charter documents could prevent or delay a change in control or a takeover. 

Provisions in our
bylaws provide certain requirements for the nomination of directors which preclude a stockholder from nominating a candidate to
stand for election at any annual meeting. As described in Section 2.12 of the Company s bylaws, nominations must be presented
to the Company well in advance of a scheduled annual meeting, and the notification must include specific information as set forth
in that section. The Company believes that such a provision provides reasonable notice of the nominees to the board of directors,
but it may preclude stockholder nomination at a meeting where the stockholder is not familiar with nomination procedures and,
therefore, may prevent or delay a change of control or takeover. 

21 

Although the Delaware
General Corporation Law includes 112 which provides that bylaws of Delaware corporations may require the corporation to
include in its proxy materials one or more nominees submitted by stockholders in addition to individuals nominated by the board
of directors, the bylaws of Enservco do not so provide. As a result, if any stockholder desires to nominate persons for election
to the board of directors, the proponent will have to incur all of the costs normally associated with a contested proxy contest
and then, because of Mr. Herman s controlling ownership, will likely not be able to succeed in its endeavor. 

The Securities and
Exchange Commission recently adopted rules that are also intended to help stockholders nominees for election, but it is not currently
clear when or if these rules will become effective. Therefore, stockholders who desire to nominate directors may not be able to
take advantage of certain newly enacted (or contemplated) statutes and regulations that are aimed to help stockholder nominees
be elected to boards of directors, which is another factor that may delay or prevent a change of control or a takeover. 

Indemnification
of officers and directors may result in unanticipated expenses. 

The Delaware General
Corporation Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws provide for the indemnification of our directors,
officers, employees, and agents, under certain circumstances, against attorney s fees and other expenses incurred by them
in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association with us or activities on our behalf. We also will
bear the expenses of such litigation for any of their directors, officers, employees, or agents, upon such person s promise
to repay them if it is ultimately determined that any such person shall not have been entitled to indemnification. This indemnification
policy could result in substantial expenditures by us that we may be unable to recoup and could direct funds away from our business
and products (if any). 

We have significant
obligations under the 1934 Act. 

Because we are a public
company filing reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Act, we are subject to increased regulatory scrutiny and extensive
and complex regulation. The Securities and Exchange Commission has the right to review the accuracy and completeness of our reports,
press releases, and other public documents. In addition, we are subject to extensive requirements to institute and maintain financial
accounting controls and for the accuracy and completeness of our books and records. Normally these activities are overseen by
an audit committee consisting of qualified independent directors. A majority of our Board of Directors currently does not consist
of directors that are considered independent. Consequently, the protections normally provided to stockholders by
boards of directors comprised by a majority of persons considered independent directors are not available. Although
we hope to appoint qualified independent directors in the future should we enter into a business combination or acquire a business,
we cannot offer any assurance that we will locate any person willing to serve in that capacity. 

Forward-looking statements may prove
to be inaccurate. 

In our effort to make
the information in this report more meaningful, this report contains both historical and forward-looking statements. All statements
other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements within the meanings of Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933 and Section 21E of the 1934 Act. Forward-looking statements in this report are not based on historical facts, but rather
reflect the current expectations of our management concerning future results and events. It should be noted that because we are
a penny stock, the protections provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the 1934
Act do not apply to us. We have attempted to qualify our forward-looking statements with appropriate cautionary language to take
advantage of the judicially-created doctrine of bespeaks caution and other protections. 

22 

Forward-looking statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance and achievements
to be different from any future results, performance and achievements expressed or implied by these statements. These factors
are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in
the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have material adverse effects
on our future results. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES 

The following table
sets forth real property owned and leased by the Company and its subsidiaries. Unless otherwise indicated, the properties are
used in Heat Waves operations. 

Owned Properties : 

Location/Description 
 Approximate Size 

Roosevelt, UT 
 
 Shop 
 
 Land - shop 

5,000 sq. ft. 
 1.1 acres 

Garden City, KS 
 
 Shop(1) 
 
 Land shop(1) 
 
 Land acid dock, truck storage, etc. 

11,700 sq. ft. 
 1 acre 
 10 acres 

Trinidad, CO (3) 
 
 Shop (2) 
 
 Land shop (2) 
 
 9,200 sq. ft. 
 5 acres 
 5,734 sq. ft. 
 0.4 acre 

Hugoton, KS (Dillco) 
 
 Shop/Office/Storage 
 
 Land shop/office/storage 
 
 Land - office 

9,367 sq. ft. 
 3.3 acres 
 10 acres 

Meade, KS (Dillco) 
 
 Shop 
 
 Land 

7,000 sq. ft. 
 1.2 acres 

(1) Property is collateral for debt incurred at
time of purchase. 

 (2) Currently under a short term sublease, 2,300
monthly rents 

(3) The employee rental housing in Trinidad, CO (land
and building) was sold 12/23/2011. 

23 

Leased Properties: 

Location/Description 
 Approximate Size 
 Monthly Rental 
 Lease Expiration 

Roosevelt, UT 
 
 Shop 
 
 Land 

6,000 sq. ft. 
 10 acres 
 Prepaid for 60 months @ 2,500 per month 

November 2013 

Platteville, CO 
 
 Shop 
 
 Land 

3,200 sq. ft. 
 1.5 acres 

3,000 

May 2011 

Carmichaels, PA 
 
 Shop 
 
 Land 

5,000 sq. ft. 
 12.1 acres 

8,500 

April 2012 

Roosevelt, UT(4) 
 
 Employee housing 

1,700 sq. ft. 

1,300 

May 2011 

Colorado Springs, CO(5) 

Corporate offices 

2,067 sq. ft. 

2,000 

May 2011 

Denver, CO(6) 
 Corporate offices 

3,497 sq. ft. 

5,610 

October 2016 

Edmond, OK(7) 
 
 Executive office 

400 sq. ft. 

450 

December 2011 

(4) Property sold
June 2011 

 (5) Leased matured and property vacated September
2011 

 (6) Lease commenced
on September 1, 2011 

 (7) Lease commenced
on January 1, 2011. 

 Note - All leases have renewal clauses 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

As of March 15, 2012,
we are not a party to any legal proceedings that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial
condition or operating results. Further, to the Company s knowledge no such proceedings have been threatened against the
Company. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

24 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is
quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board OTCBB and the OTCQX under the symbol ENSV. Prior to
January 4, 2011 our common stock was quoted under symbol ASPN . The rules of both market places provide that companies
not current in their reporting requirements under the 1934 Act will be removed from the quotation service. At present and at December
31, 2011 we believe we were in full compliance with these rules. 

The table below sets
forth the high and low closing prices of the Company s Common Stock during the periods indicated as reported by the Internet
source Yahoo Finance (http://finance.yahoo.com). The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, mark-down
or commission and may not reflect actual transactions. As noted previously in this Form 10-K the Merger Transaction closed on
July 27, 2010 and the terms of the Merger Transaction were first announced on or about June 24, 2010. Therefore, included in the
2010 prices below are prices solely in respect to Aspen before the Merger Transaction. 

2011 
 2010 

Price Range 
 Price Range 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.85 
 0.39 
 0.34 
 0.29 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.98 
 0.60 
 0.36 
 0.29 
 
 Third Quarter 
 1.39 
 0.80 
 0.60 
 0.30 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 1.35 
 1.02 
 0.55 
 0.35 

The closing sales
price of the Company s common stock as reported on March 15, 2012, was 0.84 per share. 

Holders 

As of March 15, 2012,
there were approximately 840 holders of record of Company common stock. This does not include an indeterminate number of persons
who hold our Common Stock in brokerage accounts and otherwise in street name . 

Dividends 

Holders of common
stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Company s Board of Directors. The Company did not
declare or pay dividends during its fiscal years ended December 31, 2011 or 2010, and has no plans at present to declare or pay
any dividends. 

25 

Decisions concerning
dividend payments in the future will depend on income and cash requirements. However, in its agreements with Great Western Bank
the Company represented that it would not pay any cash dividends on its common stock until its obligations to Great Western are
satisfied. Furthermore, to the extent Enservco has any earnings, it will likely retain earnings to expand corporate operations
and not use such earnings to pay dividends. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following is provided
with respect to compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities are authorized
for issuance as of December 31, 2011: 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Number of Securities 

Remaining Available 

Number of Securities 
 
 for Future Issuance 

to be Issued Upon 
 Weighted-Average 
 Under Equity 

Exercise of 
 Exercise Price of 
 Compensation Plans 

Outstanding Options, 
 Outstanding Options, 
 (Excluding Securities 
 
 Plan Category 
 Warrants, and Rights 
 Warrants, and Rights 
 Reflected in Column (a)) 
 
 and Description 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 

Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security
 Holders (1) 
 2,815,000 
 0.65 
 451,830 (3) 

Equity Compensation Plans Not
 Approved by Security Holders 
 815,431 (2) 
 0.81 
 - 

Total 
 3,630,431 
 0.69 
 451,830 

(1) Represents options granted pursuant
 to the Company s 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. 

(2) Consists of: (i) options to acquire
 490,431 shares of Company common stock granted pursuant to Aspen s
 2008 Equity Plan; (ii) warrants issued in 2010 to acquire 225,000
 shares of Company common stock exercisable at 0.49 per share;
 and (iii) warrants issued in 2011 to acquire 100,000 shares of
 Company common stock exercisable at 0.77 per share. 

(3) Calculated as 3,266,830 shares
 of common stock reserved per the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (being
 15 of 21,778,866 shares issued and outstanding at January 1,
 2012 per the renewal clause noted within the plan) less the 2,815,000
 shares of common stock noted in Column (a). 

26 

Description of the 2008 Equity Plan: 

On February 27, 2008
Aspen s Board of Directors adopted the 2008 Equity Plan (the 2008 Plan ). One million shares of common stock
were initially reserved for the grant of stock options or issuance of stock bonuses under the 2008 Plan. The 2008 Plan was not
approved by Aspen s stockholders and therefore none of the options granted under the 2008 Plan qualify as incentive stock
options under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code. The exercise period for options granted under the 2008 Plan did not exceed
ten years from the date of grant. The 2008 Plan provides that an option may be exercised through the payment of cash, in accordance
with the Plan s cashless exercise provision, or in property or in a combination of cash, shares and property. On July 27,
2010, the 2008 Plan was terminated, although persons holding vested options under the 2008 Plan will continue to hold those options
in accordance with the terms of their contractual agreement(s). 

Description of the 2010 Stock Incentive
Plan: 

On July 27, 2010 the
Company s Board of Directors adopted the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2010 Plan ). The 2010 Plan permits
the granting of equity-based awards to our directors, officers, employees, consultants, independent contractors and affiliates.
Equity-based awards are intended to be determined by a compensation committee (or, in the absence of a compensation committee,
the Board of Directors and in either case referred to herein as the Committee and are granted only in compliance
with applicable laws and regulatory policy. 

The 2010 Plan was
approved by the Company s stockholders in October 2010 and permits the issuance of options that qualify as Incentive Stock
Options pursuant to Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). In the absence of a
compensation committee, the Board of Directors administers the 2010 Plan. Any employee, officer, consultant, independent contractor
or director providing services to the Company or any of its affiliates, who is selected by the Committee, is eligible to receive
an award under the 2010 Plan. 

The aggregate number
of shares of our common stock that may be issued was 3,500,000 shares of common stock. Beginning on January 1, 2012 and on January
1 of each subsequent year that the 2010 Plan is in effect, the aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under the 2010 Plan
shall be automatically adjusted to equal 15 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, calculated
as of January 1 of the respective year. As a result of the January 1, 2012 adjustment, the maximum number of shares that are subject
to equity awards under the 2010 Plan was reduced to 3,266,830. The maximum number of shares that may be awarded under the 2010
Plan pursuant to grants of restricted stock, restricted stock units, and stock awards will be 2,000,000. 

The 2010 Plan permits
the granting of: 

Stock
 options (including
 both incentive
 and non-qualified
 stock options); 

Stock
 appreciation rights
 SARs ); 

Restricted
 stock and restricted
 stock units; 

Performance
 awards of cash,
 stock, other securities
 or property; 

Other
 stock grants; and 

Other
 stock-based awards. 

27 

Unless discontinued
or terminated by the Board, the 2010 Plan will expire on July 27, 2020. No awards may be made after that date. However, unless
otherwise expressly provided in an applicable award agreement, any award granted under the 2010 Plan prior to expiration may extend
beyond the expiration of the 2010 Plan through the award s normal expiration date. 

Without the approval
of the Company s stockholders, the Committee will not re-price, adjust or amend the exercise price of any options or the
grant price of any SAR previously awarded, whether through amendment, cancellation and replacement grant or any other means, except
in connection with a stock dividend or other distribution, including a stock split, merger or other similar corporate transaction
or event, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits, or potential benefits intended to be provided under the
2010 Plan. 

Other Compensation Arrangements: 

On
July 28, 2010, Enservco entered into an agreement with an investor relations firm and as part of the compensation paid pursuant
to that agreement granted each of the principals of the firm a warrant to purchase 112,500 shares of the Company s common
stock (a total of 225,000 shares) . The warrants are exercisable at 0.49 per
share for a four year term. Each of the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. The warrants also provide that subject
to various conditions, the holders have piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock that may be
acquired upon the exercise of the warrants. 

On May 9, 2011, Enservco
entered into an agreement with a financial advisor and as part of the compensation paid pursuant to that agreement granted the
advisor a warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The warrants are exercisable at 0.77 per share
for a five year term. The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. The warrants also provide that subject to various conditions,
the holders have piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock that may be acquired upon the exercise
of the warrants. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities 

There were no sales
of unregistered securities during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2009, 2010, or 2011 or subsequently, that were not previously
disclosed in reports filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Smaller reporting
companies are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

28 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

The following discussion
provides information regarding the results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, and our financial condition,
liquidity and capital resources as of December 31, 2011 and 2010. The financial statements and the notes thereto contain detailed
information that should be referred to in conjunction with this discussion. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

The management discussion
and analysis and other portions of this report contain forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in Section 21E of the
1934 Act). These statements reflect our current expectations regarding our possible future results of operations, performance,
and achievements. These forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. 

Wherever possible,
we have tried to identify these forward-looking statements by using words such as anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, expect, plan, intend, and similar expressions. These statements
reflect our current beliefs and are based on information currently available to us. Accordingly, these statements are subject
to certain risks, uncertainties, and contingencies, which could cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to differ
materially from those expressed in, or implied by, such statements. 

Although we believe
that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, they do involve certain assumptions, risks
and uncertainties. Our results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result
of certain factors, including, among others: 

our 2.7 million working capital deficit at December 31, 2011 raises concerns regarding our financial
and operational capabilities absent raising debt or equity, or improving results of operations, to address the working capital
deficit; 

our ability
 to generate sufficient cash flows to repay
 our debt obligations as they become due and
 to repay our outstanding debt when due; 

future capital requirements
 and uncertainty of obtaining additional funding on terms acceptable
 to us; 

availability of borrowings
 under our credit facility; 

historical incurrence of losses; 

our ability to retain key members
 of our senior management and key technical employees, and conflicts
 of interests with respect to our directors; 

effect of seasonal factors; 

a decline in oil or natural
 gas production or oil or natural gas prices, the impact of
 price volatility in the oil and natural gas industries and
 the impact of general economic conditions on the demand for
 the services we offer to the oil and natural gas industries; 

activities of our competitors,
 many of whom have greater financial resources than we have; 

29 

geographical diversity of our
 operations and the difficulties inherent in managing such geographically
 diverse operations; 

ongoing U.S. and global economic
 uncertainty; 

unanticipated increases in
 the cost of our operations; 

reliance on limited number
 of customers and creditworthiness of our customers; 

increases in interest rates
 and our failure to hedge against possible interest rate increases; 

impact of environmental, health
 and safety, and other governmental regulations, and of current
 or pending legislation; 

further sales or issuances
 of common stock; and 

our common stock s limited
 trading history. 

Finally, our future
results will depend upon various other risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those detailed in our filings with
the SEC and elsewhere in this Report. For additional information regarding risks and uncertainties, please read our filings with
the SEC under the Exchange Act and the Securities Act. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on
our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements in this paragraph and elsewhere in this Report.
Other than as required under securities laws, we do not assume a duty to update these forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, subsequent events or circumstances, changes in expectations or otherwise. 

Company Overview and Overview
of the Information Presented 

The Company was incorporated
as Aspen Exploration Corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 28, 1980 for the primary purpose of acquiring,
exploring and developing oil and natural gas and other mineral properties. On June 30, 2009, Aspen disposed of all of its remaining
oil and natural gas producing assets and as a result was no longer engaged in active business operations. On June 24, 2010, Aspen
entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization with Dillco Fluid Service, Inc. Dillco which set
forth the terms by which Dillco became a wholly owned subsidiary of Aspen on July 27, 2010 (the Merger Transaction ). 

On December 30, 2010,
Aspen changed its name to Enservco Corporation. As such, throughout this report the terms the Company 
and/or Enservco are intended to refer to the Company on a post Merger Transaction basis and as a whole, with respect
to both historical and forward looking contexts. As a result of the Merger Transaction, the Company s fiscal year was modified
to be the calendar year as described below. 

Going forward, and
subject to the availability of adequate financing, the Company expects to continue to pursue its growth strategies of exploring
additional acquisitions, potentially expanding the geographic areas in which it operates, and diversifying the products and services
it provides to customers, as well as making further investments in its assets and equipment. The Company will require additional
debt or equity financing to fund the costs necessary to expand the services it offers. There can be no assurance that the Company
will be able to raise outside capital or have access to outside funding on reasonable terms, if at all. 

30 

Accounting Treatment of the
Merger 

The Merger Transaction,
by which Dillco became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enservco, was treated as a reverse acquisition for accounting
purposes. In a reverse acquisition, although Aspen was considered to be the legal acquirer (that is, Aspen (now Enservco
Corporation) survived as the parent corporation), Dillco was the accounting acquirer (that is because Dillco's and
its subsidiaries' business was undeniably the more significant business). As a result, Dillco's financial statements became the
financial statements of the surviving company. Aspen's financial condition is additive to Dillco's financial statements for the
period following the Merger Transaction. 

As part of the Merger
Transaction, Aspen issued 14,519,244 shares of its common stock to the shareholders of Dillco, in exchange for all of the issued
and outstanding shares of Dillco (7,259,622 shares). 

Effective with the
Agreement, the Company s stockholders equity was recapitalized as that of Aspen, or 72,596 from Dillco and 36,298
from Aspen for a total of 108,894, while 100 of the assets and liabilities of Aspen were recorded as being acquired in the reverse
acquisition. 

Dillco s fiscal
year end is December 31, 2010 whereas prior to the Merger Transaction Aspen s fiscal year end was June 30. Because Dillco
was the accounting acquirer, the Merger Transaction resulted in the Company s fiscal year end being deemed to change to
December 31. Thus, starting with its Form 10-Q filed for the quarter ended September 30, 2010, the Company began filing annual
and quarterly reports based on the December 31 fiscal year end of Dillco rather than the former (pre-acquisition) June 30 fiscal
year end of Aspen. Although not required to complete the change of the fiscal year, more than a majority of the Company s
stockholders approved that change (as well as a change to the Company s tax year) by consent. 

The financial statements
included in this report are for Enservco s year ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 and include Aspen s financial statements
only as a result of, and subsequent to, the Merger Transaction. As such, the following management s discussion and analysis
is with respect to Enservco s year ended December 31, 2011, and the corresponding period(s) in the previous fiscal year.
Because of the business combination by which Dillco became a wholly owned subsidiary of Enservco, no separate discussion regarding
Aspen s financial condition or results of operations are included in this report. 

31 

Discussion of Operations for the years ended December 31,
2011 and 2010 

The following table
shows the results of operations for the periods noted. Please see information following the table for management s discussion
of significant changes. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 of 
 Revenue 
 2010 
 of 
 Revenue 

Revenues 
 24,670,671 
 100 
 18,641,286 
 100 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 18,681,469 
 76 
 14,422,412 
 77 
 
 Gross Profit 
 5,989,202 
 24 
 4,218,874 
 23 

Operating Expenses 

General and administrative expenses 
 3,515,213 
 14 
 2,540,859 
 14 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 4,699,640 
 19 
 3,992,367 
 21 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 8,214,853 
 33 
 6,533,226 
 35 

Loss from Operations 
 (2,225,651 
 (9 
 (2,314,352 
 (12 
 
 Other Expense 
 (875,732 
 (4 
 (457,501 
 (3 
 
 Loss Before Income Tax Benefit 
 (3,101,383 
 (13 
 (2,771,853 
 (15 

Income Tax Benefit 
 1,134,127 
 5 
 926,188 
 5 
 
 Net Loss 
 (1,967,256 
 (8 
 (1,845,665 
 (10 

EBITDA : 

Net Loss 
 (1,967,256 
 
 (1,845,665 

Add (Deduct): 

Interest expense 
 706,944 
 
 728,241 

Income tax benefit 
 (1,134,127 
 
 (926,188 

Depreciation and amortization 
 4,699,640 
 
 3,992,367 

EBITDA 
 2,305,201 
 
 1,948,755 

Add (Deduct): 

Stock-based compensation 
 576,498 
 
 342,277 

Warrants issued 
 46,353 
 
 81,771 

Loss on disposal of equipment 
 119,023 
 
 71,003 

Gain on sale of investments 
 - 
 
 (188,186 

Other expense (income) 
 49,765 
 
 (153,557 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 3,096,840 
 
 2,102,063 

Income Per Common Share: 

Basic 
 (0.09 
 
 (0.10 

Fully Diluted 
 (0.09 
 
 (0.10 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding (used to calculate basic and diluted income
 per share) 

Basic 
 21,778,866 
 
 17,641,876 

Fully Diluted 
 21,778,866 
 
 17,641,876 

Note: See below for discussion of the use of non-GAAP financial
measurements. 

32 

Although Enservco
does not have segmented business operations, which would require segment reporting within the notes of its financial statements
per accounting standards, we believe that revenue by service offering may be useful to readers of our financials. The following
tables set forth revenue information for the Company s three service offerings during the years ending December 31, 2011
and 2010: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 2010 
 
 BY SERVICE OFFERING: 

Fluid Management (1) 

Closed Locations (6) 
 12,043 
 229,747 
 
 Continuing Locations (6) 
 9,556,675 
 7,271,566 

9,568,718 
 7,501,313 
 
 Well Enhancement Services (2) 

Closed Locations (6) 
 - 
 216,139 
 
 Continuing Locations (6) 
 13,776,450 
 9,743,422 

13,776,450 
 9,959,561 

Well Site Construction and Roustabout Services 
 1,325,503 
 1,180,412 
 
 Total Revenues 
 24,670,671 
 18,641,286 

Enservco has also
determined that an understanding of the diversity of its operations by geography is important to an understanding of its business
operations. Enservco only does business in the United States, in what it believes are three geographically diverse regions. The
following table sets forth revenue information for the Company s three geographic regions during the years ending December
31, 2011 and 2010: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 2010 
 
 BY GEOGRAPHY: 

Eastern USA Region (3) 
 6,690,568 
 4,846,891 
 
 Rocky Mountain Region (4) 

Closed Locations (6) 
 180 
 798,935 
 
 Continuing Locations (6) 
 6,837,448 
 3,125,565 

6,837,628 
 3,924,500 
 
 Central USA Region (5) 

Closed Locations (6) (7) 
 766,287 
 875,093 
 
 Continuing Locations (6) 
 10,376,188 
 8,994,802 

11,142,475 
 9,869,895 

Total Revenues 
 24,670,671 
 18,641,286 

Notes to tables: 

(1) Water hauling/disposal and frac tank rental. 

(2) Services such as frac heating, acidizing, hot oil services,
 and pressure testing. 

(3) Consists of operations and services
 performed in the southern region of the Marcellus Shale formation
 (southwestern Pennsylvania and northern West Virginia). Heat Waves
 is the only Company subsidiary operating in this region. 

(4) Consists of western Colorado,
 northeastern Utah, southeastern Wyoming, western North Dakota,
 and eastern Montana. Heat Waves is the only Company subsidiary
 operating in this region. 

(5) Consists of southwestern Kansas,
 northwestern Oklahoma, and northern New Mexico. Both Dillco and
 Heat Waves engage in business operations in this region. 

(6) Closed locations are those locations
 where services have been discontinued as of December 31, 2011. 

(7) Due to the closing of the Construction
 and Roustabout services as part of the Company s Garden
 City, KS operations. All assets were redeployed to other operation
 centers. 

33 

Revenues : 

The approximately
 6.0 million or 32 increase in revenues in fiscal year 2011 as compared to fiscal year 2010 resulted from an increase in revenues
across our lines of business and our geographical regions. The increase was primarily a result of the following actions that served
to increase our revenue producing activities: 

(1) closing of marginal operation centers
 in 2010 and redeploying assets to expand Well Enhancement and Fluid
 Management operations within our Eastern USA region (the southern
 region of the Marcellus Shale formation covering southwestern Pennsylvania
 and northern West Virginia); 

(2) opening two new operation centers
 during September 2011 in a) Cheyenne, Wyoming (to expand service
 coverage within the D-J Basin and Niobrara formation), and b) Killdeer,
 North Dakota (to provide new service coverage within the Bakken formation
 of western North Dakota and eastern Montana); 

(3) increased Well Enhancement services
 within our Rocky Mountain and Central USA regions (made up of multiple
 operation centers covering western Colorado, northeastern Utah, southeastern
 Wyoming; and southwestern Kansas, northwestern Oklahoma, eastern
 Colorado, northern New Mexico; respectively) due to organic growth
 in our Heat Waves business operations; and 

(4) increased Fluid
 Management services within our Central USA region
 as the Company was able to acquire new water hauling
 service contracts through our Dillco operations
 center starting in the first quarter of 2011. 

Also, it should be
noted that revenues increased during fiscal year 2011 as compared to fiscal year 2010 for all geographical locations due to increased
demand for services from existing and new customers due primarily to the growth in the development of unconventional oil and gas
wells. 

Due to the two new
operation centers opened during September 2011, expanded operations within our Eastern USA region, and organic growth in our Rocky
Mountain and Central USA regions, the Company projected a significant increase in revenues during the fourth quarter of 2011 as
compared to the same period in 2010. However, due to higher-than-average temperatures within these regions (regions in which the
Company performs Well Enhancement services, primarily as it relates to our frac heating and hot oiling services), the Company
realized only a slight increase in revenues during the fourth quarter of 2011 as compared to the same period in 2010. If the weather
within these regions would have followed historic cold weather trends for the fourth quarter of 2011, as it has in prior years,
there would have been a greater increase in revenues for fiscal year 2011. 

In addition to the
lower than projected revenues during the fourth quarter of 2011, for the reasons discussed under the Historical Seasonality
of Revenues section below the rate of increase of our revenues decreased in the second and third quarters of 2011. Until we
expand our service offerings to include non-seasonal services, to help even out these seasonal fluctuations (which we are currently
endeavoring to do), we can expect this seasonal decrease in demand to continue in our second and third quarter periods. 

34 

We believe that with
the increased opportunities available and the continuing oil and gas exploration and development activities in those regions by
a number of different companies, our new and increased operations in the Marcellus Shale, Niobrara, and Bakken formation regions
will continue to positively impact revenues in future periods. Although the demand for certain of the services we provide in the
Marcellus Shale and Bakken formation regions are seasonal with higher demand during colder months, and though the start of the
2011 heating season experienced higher-than-average temperatures, the Company believes demand for its water hauling services will
not be as cyclical and to the extent improving economic conditions or other factors lead to an increase in oil and gas drilling
operations, our water hauling operations will increase as well. We also believe that our expansion of operations into the Niobrara
region of south-central Wyoming will also have a positive impact on revenues in future periods. 

Historical Seasonality of Revenues 

Because of the seasonality
of our frac heating and hot oiling business, the second and third quarters are historically our lowest revenue generating periods
of our fiscal year. In addition, the revenue mix of our service offerings also changes as our Well Enhancement services (which
includes frac heating and hot oiling) decrease as a percentage of total revenues and Fluid Management services and other services
increase. The first and fourth quarters of our fiscal year, covering the months during what is known as our heating season ,
have historically made up approximately 60 or more of our total fiscal year revenues, with the remaining 40 historically split
evenly between the second and third quarters. And though our fourth quarter of 2011 experienced higher-than-average temperatures
and we were unable to realize the projected revenues within that quarter, our revenue mix remained consistent; i.e. first and
fourth quarters of 2011 made up 60 of our total revenues. 

Costs of Revenues
and Gross Profit: 

Although revenues
increased (approximately 6.0 million or 32 during the fiscal year 2011, cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues remained
relatively consistent when compared to the same period in 2010, resulting in consistent gross profit margins for both periods.
This relatively consistent cost of revenues and consistent profitability rate for the two periods is primarily due to the following
factors: 

(1) although historically we experience
 higher gross profit margins for Well Enhancement services and experienced
 growth in these services of approximately 3.8 million or 38 during
 2011, we also experienced historically-high growth in our Fluid Management
 and Well Site Construction and Roustabout services during the same
 period, especially in our Eastern USA and Central USA regions; cumulative
 growth of approximately 2.2 million or 26 in these services. Though
 this growth in the Fluid Management and Construction services enabled
 us to expand our service offerings to include non-seasonal services,
 it has also changed the overall historic revenue mix of our service
 offerings, keeping our gross profit margins consistent; 

(2) As discussed throughout this report,
 the Company relies heavily on the ability to generate the majority
 of its revenues and gross profit during the heating season during
 the first and fourth quarters of our fiscal year (when temperatures
 are colder) through its frac heating and hot oiling services. During
 the third and fourth quarters of 2011, the company fully staffed
 its operational centers with drivers and operators in order to meet
 the expected demand during the heating season. However, due to higher-than-expected
 temperatures in these locations, the expected demand for our heating
 services (frac heating and hot oiling) did not start until late into
 the fourth quarter, at less than full capacity; 

35 

(3) an increase in labor costs (salary
 and wages, benefits, etc,) and site overhead during the third and
 fourth quarters of 2011 due to the opening of two new site locations
 (Cheyenne, WY and Killdeer, ND); these locations opened in September
 2011. Though these locations were not fully operational and generating
 revenues until late in the fourth quarter (when the heating season
 began, as discussed above), the Company opened these locations prior
 to the start of heating season in order to find and retain competent
 and trained employees at each location to meet the expected demand
 at these locations once the heating season began, which resulted
 in increased labor and site overhead costs; and 

(4) an overall increase in the price
 of fuel and other transportation costs during the period. 

For the reasons discussed
under the Historical Seasonality of Revenues section above, in the second and third quarters of 2011 our cost of revenues
as a percent of revenues increased, the revenue mix of our service offerings changed as our Well Enhancement services decreased
as a percentage of total revenues and Fluid Management services and other services increased as a percentage of total revenues,
and gross profit decreased as a percentage of revenues. We anticipate that our cost of revenues as a percent of revenues will
be higher during our second and third quarters until we expand our service offerings to include more non-seasonal services, to
help even out these seasonal fluctuations (which we are currently endeavoring to do). 

General and Administrative
Expenses: 

Although general and
administrative expenses remained consistent as a percentage of revenues during the fiscal years of 2011 and 2010, the amount spent
on our general and administrative expenses increased during 2011 by approximately 975,000 or 38 , as compared to the same period
in 2010. In general, this increase reflects a full period of operating as a public company (after completing the Merger Transaction
in July 2010) with expanding operations and increased payroll costs in order to employ experienced personnel to meet management
and staff needs. The following specific factors impacted our increased general and administrative expenses during 2011: 

approximately
 200,000 of the
 increase in general
 and administrative
 expenses was due
 to recognizing
 additional non-cash
 expenses (over
 that recognized
 during the prior
 period) related
 to options and
 warrants granted
 in various periods
 of 2011 to employees
 and non employees;

approximately
 200,000 in additional
 general and administrative
 expenses (over
 that recognized
 during the prior
 period) was incurred
 as part of the
 Company s
 bonus program for
 various levels
 of personnel; 

approximately
 400,000 in additional
 general and administrative
 expenses was incurred
 as a result of
 hiring a new Chief
 Operating Officer
 (since been assigned
 a new position
 and title) and
 a new Corporate
 Controller in the
 third quarter of
 2010, a new Safety
 Director hired
 the beginning of
 third quarter 2011,
 and salary increases
 given for various
 levels of personnel;

36 

approximately
 60,000 in general
 and administrative
 expenses related
 to administrative
 fees paid to a
 third-party consultant
 to assist in preparing
 financial and non-financial
 information for
 potential investors;
 and 

approximately
 70,000 in general
 and administrative
 expenses related
 to costs incurred
 to move our corporate
 offices to the
 Denver, CO area,
 which has a larger
 concentration of
 energy industry
 participants than
 did our former
 corporate location. 

We anticipate that
our general and administrative expenses will continue to increase as our operations increase, although we expect to be able to
maintain our general and administrative expenses as a reasonable percentage of revenues. 

Depreciation and
Amortization: 

Though our depreciation
and amortization expenses decreased as a percentage of revenues in 2011 as compared to 2010, our depreciation and amortization
expense increased by approximately 700,000 or 18 during fiscal year 2011. This is due mainly to property and equipment purchases
during 2011 of approximately 5.3 million. We anticipate that our depreciation and amortization expenses will continue to increase
as we add more equipment to the extent that financing is available to do so, of which there can be no assurance. 

Results of Operations: 

Although revenues
increased (approximately 6.0 million or 32 during fiscal year 2011, our loss from operations remained fairly consistent, only
decreasing by approximately 90,000 or 4 , as compared to the same period 2010. As discussed within the General and Administrative
Expenses and Depreciation and Amortization sections above, this consistent loss from operations during 2011 was primarily
a result of the 38 increase in general and administrative expenses and the 18 increase in depreciation and amortization expenses
which offset the substantial increase in revenues during the period. 

Notwithstanding the
consistent loss from operations during the 2011 and 2010 fiscal years, the Company experienced positive cash flow from operations
during the 2011 period of approximately 3.0 million as compared to negative cash flow from operations of (222,000) during the
2010 period. As cash flow from operations continues to improve, we are hopeful that our losses from operations and net losses
will improve. While we cannot provide any assurance that the improvements in cash flow from operations will continue as recognized
during our 2011 fiscal year, we intend to continue to monitor all of the components and work to achieve operational and cash flow
efficiencies. 

Management believes
that this improvement in operations reflects the beneficial effect of our increased operations, focus on obtaining profitability,
and the benefit of the colder weather in the first and last quarters of the year. We believe that as long as we are able to maintain
our costs under control and increase our revenues as a result of our expanding geographical regions and service areas, our financial
performance will continue to improve over the long run, although during the short term and thereafter on a quarter-to-quarter
basis, there may still be periods of loss. 

37 

Income Taxes: 

The increase in income
tax benefit from fiscal year 2010 to fiscal year 2011 is due to the increased loss from operations before taxes. 

Adjusted EBITDA : 

The following table
presents a reconciliation of our net income to our Adjusted EBITDA on a historical basis for each of the periods indicated : 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 2010 

Net Loss 
 (1,967,256 
 (1,845,665 
 
 Add (Deduct): 

Interest Expense 
 706,944 
 728,241 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 (1,134,127 
 (926,188 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 4,699,640 
 3,992,367 
 
 EBITDA 
 2,305,201 
 1,948,755 
 
 Add (Deduct): 

Stock-based compensation 
 576,498 
 342,277 
 
 Warrants issued 
 46,353 
 81,771 
 
 Loss on disposal of equipment 
 119,023 
 71,003 
 
 Gain on sale of investments 
 - 
 (188,186 
 
 Other expense (income) 
 49,765 
 (153,557 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 3,096,840 
 2,102,063 

Note: See discussion to follow below for use of non-GAAP financial
measurements. 

Use of Non-GAAP
Financial Measures: Non-GAAP results are presented only as a supplement to the financial statements and for use within management s
discussion and analysis based on U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The non-GAAP financial information is provided
to enhance the reader's understanding of the Company s financial performance, but no non-GAAP measure should be considered
in isolation or as a substitute for financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of the most directly
comparable GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures are provided within the schedules attached herein. 

EBITDA
is defined as net income plus interest expense, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA excludes
from EBITDA stock-based compensation and, when appropriate, other items that management does not utilize in assessing the Company s
operating performance (see list of these items to follow below). None of these non-GAAP financial measures are recognized terms
under GAAP and do not purport to be an alternative to net income as an indicator of operating performance or any other GAAP measure.
Management uses these non-GAAP measures in its operational and financial decision-making, believing that it is useful to eliminate
certain items in order to focus on what it deems to be a more reliable indicator of ongoing operating performance and the company s
ability to generate cash flow from operations. Management also believes that investors may find non-GAAP financial measures useful
for the same reasons, although investors are cautioned that non-GAAP financial measures are not a substitute for GAAP disclosures. 

38 

All of the items included
in the reconciliation from Net Income to EBITDA and from EBITDA to Adjusted EBITDA are either (i) non-cash items (e.g., depreciation,
amortization of purchased intangibles, stock-based compensation, warrants issued, etc.) or (ii) items that management does not
consider to be useful in assessing the Company s operating performance (e.g., income taxes, gain on sale of investments,
loss on disposal of assets, etc.). In the case of the non-cash items, management believes that investors can better assess the
company s operating performance if the measures are presented without such items because, unlike cash expenses, these adjustments
do not affect the Company s ability to generate free cash flow or invest in its business. 

Because not all companies
use identical calculations, the Company s presentation of non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to other similarly
titled measures of other companies. However, these measures can still be useful in evaluating the company s performance
against its peer companies because management believes the measures provide users with valuable insight into key components of
GAAP financial disclosures. 

Adjusted EBITDA increased
by approximately 1.0 million from 2010 to 2011. The major component causing the positive change to Adjusted EBITDA in 2011 as
compared to 2010 was due to the increase in Revenues year over year, primarily due to a) redeploying some of our assets to initiate
operations in the southern region of the Marcellus Shale formation, b) opening two new operation centers
in southern Wyoming and western North Dakota, and c) organic growth within our Well Enhancement and Fluid Management services;
all as discussed in the Revenues section above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources: 

The following table
summarizes our statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 and combined
with the working capital table and discussion below is important for understanding our liquidity: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 2010 

Net cash provide (used) in operating activities 
 2,963,149 
 (222,717 
 
 Net cash (used) provided in investing activities 
 (5,016,089 
 1,316,769 
 
 Net cash provided in financing activities 
 832,138 
 395,269 
 
 Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (1,220,802 
 1,489,321 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period 
 1,637,807 
 148,486 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period 
 417,005 
 1,637,807 

39 

The following table
sets forth a summary of certain aspects of our balance sheets at December 31, 2011 and 2010: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2011 
 2010 

Current Assets 
 6,402,945 
 7,375,954 
 
 Total Assets 
 22,120,672 
 22,620,876 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 9,085,572 
 6,223,475 
 
 Total Liabilities 
 18,993,298 
 18,015,432 
 
 Working Capital (Current Assets net of Current Liabilities) 
 (2,682,627 
 1,152,479 
 
 Stockholders equity 
 3,127,374 
 4,605,444 

We have relied on
cash generated from operations, borrowings under our credit facility and the cash that became available to us as a result of the
Merger Transaction to satisfy our liquidity needs. Our ability to fund operating cash flow shortfalls, fund planned capital expenditures
and make acquisitions will depend upon our future operating performance, and more broadly, on the availability of equity and debt
financing, of which there can be no assurance and which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions in our industry and
financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. 

At
December 31, 2011, we had approximately 740,000 available under our asset based, revolving credit facility. Our ability
to fund our current operations and planned 2012 capital expenditures will primarily depend on our future operating performance,
our ability to borrow from our primary lender or our ability to obtain credit facilities through an alternative lender, and our
ability to raise outside capital. 

Based on our existing
operating performance we believe we will have adequate funds to meet operational and capital expenditure needs for fiscal year
2012. In addition, we are currently investigating opportunities with lending institutions to refinance the debt facilities with
our primary lender. If our estimates about our future operating performance turn out to be inaccurate, or if we are unable to
raise additional capital, the Company will adjust its capital expenditures accordingly. 

The
credit agreements evidencing our debt facilities contain standard covenants regarding leverage, minimum net worth, debt service
coverage, additional debt limitations and loan to value ratios. The first measurement date for these covenants was December 31,
2010. The Company was able to meet all covenants at December 31, 2010. 

At
December 31, 2011, the Company did not meet some of the financial covenants imposed by the loan agreements which resulted in an
Event of Default under the loan documents. Great Western Bank has waived the effect of this Event of Default and has agreed to
modify the debt covenants of the loan agreements for future periods for those covenants which were in default at December 31,
2011. 

During
fiscal year 2011 we had a working capital deficit of approximately 2.7M, a decrease of approximately 3.8 million as compared
to our 2010 fiscal year. There were various components contributing to the deficit. The major components causing the change in
our working capital were: 

40 

Factors
that had a negative effect on our working capital included: 

1. A decrease in cash of 1.2 million
 due to using cash from operations to fund assets, as follows: 

a. opening our new operation centers
 in Cheyenne, Wyoming and Killdeer, North Dakota, and 

b. truck and equipment purchases; 

2. An increase in the current portion
 of long-term debt of 760,000 due to new equipment credit facilities
 and truck loans during the year; 

3. A decrease in marketable securities
 of approximately 200,000 due to unrealized losses on our investments
 in third party stocks; 

4. An increase in the outstanding
 balance on our revolving line of credit of approximately 1.2 million
 due to, a) truck and equipment purchases funded with the line of
 credit while awaiting for funding from our primary lending institution
 for these purchases, and b) operational costs incurred at the beginning
 of heating season to meet expected demand which was not immediately
 realized due to the higher-than-average temperatures at key operation
 centers; 

5. An increase in accounts payable
 and accrued expenses of approximately 900,000 due to costs incurred
 at the beginning of heating season and accrued bonuses for location
 mangers and drivers (bonuses payable in January and February of
 2012); and 

6. A decrease in income taxes receivable
 for income tax payments received which were used to fund additional
 truck and equipment purchases. 

Factors
that positively impacted our working capital included: 

1. An increase in accounts receivable balances
 of approximately 400,000 due to an increase in the days-sales-outstanding
 ratio; ratio increased from 50 days in fiscal year 2010 to 60 days in fiscal
 year 2011. 

Investing and Financing Activities: 

Our capital expenditures
of approximately 5.3 million for fiscal year 2011 were approximately 3.1 million greater than capital expenditures of approximately
 2.2 million during 2010 (not including capital leases of approximately 455,000). Also, in order to fund some of our capital
expenditures we sold and disposed of obsolete or retired trucks and equipment and other fixed assets (including land and buildings)
through several transactions during 2011 and 2010 resulting in proceeds of approximately 255,000 and 275,000, respectively.
Thus, the increase in cash used for investing activities in 2011 as compared to 2010. 

As of December 31,
2010 we had outstanding purchase orders of approximately 750,000 for heating and other units to meet the demand of our customers.
We purchased this equipment in the first and second quarters of 2011. As of December 31, 2011 we have executed commitments for
additional expenditures of approximately 500,000. 

We are currently investigating
opportunities with lending institutions to refinance the debt facilities with our primary lender. 

41 

The increase in cash
provided in financing activities of approximately 440,000 for fiscal year 2011 as compared to 2010 is primarily the result of
the issuance of new equipment credit facilities and truck loans as well as the increased outstanding balance on the revolving
line of credit. 

Capital Commitments and Obligations 

The Company s
capital commitments and obligations as of December 31, 2011 consisted of the Term Loan, the Line of Credit, the Equipment Loans,
the Real Estate Loan received to fund the new operation center in North Dakota, as well as certain capital and operating leases,
and related party subordinated debt. General terms and conditions for, and amounts due under, these commitments and obligations
are summarized in the notes to the financial statements. Although these obligations are not obligations of Enservco itself,
as of the date of this report they are obligations and commitments of the Company on a consolidated basis and may affect the Company s
liquidity and financial obligations going forward. 

Going forward, and
subject to the availability of adequate financing, the Company hopes to expand its business operations, by expanding its operations
into new regions of the country, acquiring additional equipment, increasing the volume of services we currently offer, expanding
the services it offers to its customers, and engaging in strategic transactions with companies that offer services that are similar
or complementary to those that the Company offers. 

Management has taken
various preliminary steps to explore geographical and service offering expansion. To fully implement certain of these activities
the Company likely will need to raise additional capital or borrow funds from its existing lender(s) or from other third parties.
The Company believes that it can utilize cash flows, its existing line of credit, and remaining equipment and other loan balances
to finance its current plans. However, should the Company desire to engage in certain strategic transactions or other significant
expansions of its business operations it will likely have to obtain outside financing. There can be no assurance that financing
will be available to the Company on reasonable terms, if at all. 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 

Other than the guarantees
made by Enservco (as the parent Company) and by Mr. Herman on various loan agreements (as discussed throughout this document),
the Company had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect
on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures
or capital resources that are material to our stockholders. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with U. S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make a variety of
estimates and assumptions that affect (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. and (ii) the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
periods covered by the financial statements. 

42 

Our management routinely
makes judgments and estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. As the number of variables and assumptions
affecting the future resolution of the uncertainties increase, these judgments become even more subjective and complex. Although
we believe that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable, actual results may differ significantly from these estimates. Changes
in estimates and assumptions based upon actual results may have a material impact on our results of operation and/or financial
condition. Our significant accounting policies are disclosed in Note 2 to the Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 

While all of the significant
accounting policies are important to the Company s financial statements, the following accounting policies and the estimates
derived there from have been identified as being critical. 

Accounts Receivable: 

Accounts receivable
are stated at the amount billed to customers. The Company provides a reserve for doubtful accounts based on a review of outstanding
receivables, historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The provision for uncollectible amounts is continually
reviewed and adjusted to maintain the allowance at a level considered adequate to cover future losses. The allowance is management's
best estimate of uncollectible amounts and is determined based on historical performance that is tracked by the Company on an
ongoing basis. The losses ultimately incurred could differ materially in the near term from the amounts estimated in determining
the allowance. 

Inventory: 

Inventory consists
primarily of diesel fuel and chemicals that are used in the servicing of oil wells and is carried at the lower of cost or market
in accordance with the first in, first out method. The company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and provides
write-downs or write-offs of inventory based on its assessment of market conditions. Write-downs and write-offs are charged to
cost of goods sold. 

Property and Equipment: 

Property and equipment
consists of (1) trucks, trailers and pickups; (2) trucks that are in various stages of fabrication; (3) real property which includes
land and buildings used for office and shop facilities and wells used for the disposal of water; and (4) other equipment such
as tools used for maintaining and repairing vehicles, office furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment. Property and equipment
is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. The Company charges repairs and maintenance against income when incurred and
capitalizes renewals and betterments, which extend the remaining useful life or expand the capacity of the assets. Depreciation
is recorded on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives of 5 to 30 years. 

Long-Lived Assets: 

The Company reviews
its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset
may not be recovered. The Company looks primarily to the discounted future cash flows in its assessment of whether or not long-lived
assets have been impaired. No impairments were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2011 or 2010. 

43 

Intangible Assets: 

Non-Competition
Agreements. The non-competition agreements with the sellers of Heat Waves, Hot Oil Express, and Dillco have finite lives and
are being amortized over the five-year contractual periods. Amortization expense is expected to be recognized through June 2013. 

Goodwill . Goodwill
represents the excess of the cost over the fair value of net assets acquired, including identified intangible assets, recorded
in connection with the acquisitions of Heat Waves. Goodwill is not amortized but is assessed for impairment at least annually. 

Impairment. The
Company assesses goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual
basis and between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value below
its carrying amount. Guidance requires that the impairment test be performed through the application of a two-step fair value
test. The Company utilizes this two-step method and recognizes a goodwill impairment loss in the event that the fair value of
the reporting unit does not exceed its carrying value. During fiscal years ending December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company performed
the annual impairment test as of the date ending at each of these fiscal years and determined in both fiscal years that no impairment
existed. 

Marketable Securities: 

The Company determines
the appropriate classification of its investments in debt and equity securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates such determinations
at each balance sheet date. Equity securities are classified as held to maturity when the Company has the positive intent and
ability to hold the securities to maturity. Equity securities for which the Company does not have the intent or ability to hold
to maturity are classified as available for sale. Held-to-maturity securities are recorded as either short term or long term on
the Balance Sheet, based on contractual maturity date and are stated at amortized cost. Equity securities that are bought and
held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term are classified as trading securities and are reported at fair
value, with unrealized gains and losses recognized in earnings. Equity securities not classified as held to maturity or as trading,
are classified as available for sale, and are carried at fair market value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net of tax,
included in the determination of comprehensive income and reported in stockholders equity. 

The fair value of
substantially all marketable securities is determined in reference to quoted market prices. The estimated fair value of securities
for which there are no quoted market prices is based on similar types of securities that are traded in the market 

Income Taxes: 

Enservco LLC (which
served as the holding company for the Company s various operating entities until the time of the Merger Transaction in July
2010) and its subsidiaries, with the exception of Dillco (which is a C Corporation subject to federal and state income taxes),
are limited liability companies and prior to January 1, 2010 were not subject to federal or state income taxes. On January 1,
2010 Enservco LLC elected to be taxed as a corporation. Therefore, prior to January 1, 2010 no provision or liability for income
taxes has been included in the accompanying financial statements, except for income taxes relating to the financial statements
of Dillco and Aspen (the current parent (or holding) company for the Company s operations and assets). 

44 

The Company recognizes
deferred tax liabilities and assets based on the differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported
amounts in the financial statements that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities will be recognized
in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

The Company accounts
for any uncertainty in income taxes by recognizing the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than
not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.
The Company measures the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position based on the largest benefit
that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. The application of income tax law is inherently
complex. Laws and regulations in this area are voluminous and are often ambiguous. As such, the Company is required to make
many subjective assumptions and judgments regarding income tax exposures. Interpretations of and guidance surrounding income tax
law and regulations change over time and may result in changes to the Company s subjective assumptions and judgments which
can materially affect amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of income. The result
of the reassessment of the Company s tax positions did not have an impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

Interest and penalties
associated with tax positions are recorded in the period assessed as general and administrative expenses. No interest or penalties
have been assessed as of December 31, 2011 or 2010. The Company files tax returns in the United States, in the states of Colorado,
Kansas, North Dakota, Pennsylvania and Utah. The tax years 2008 through 2010 remain open to examination in the taxing jurisdictions
to which the Company is subject. 

Fair Value: 

The Company has adopted
the authoritative guidance that applies to all financial assets and liabilities required to be measured and reported on a fair
value basis. The Company also applies the guidance to non-financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring
basis, including non-competition agreements and goodwill. The guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. The guidance establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use
of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. 

Observable inputs
are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources
independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s assumptions of what market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best information available in the circumstances. The financial and nonfinancial
assets and liabilities are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

45 

The hierarchy is broken
down into three levels based on the reliability of the inputs as follows: 

Level 1: Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities; 

Level 2: Quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities
that are observable for the asset or liability; or 

Level 3: Unobservable pricing inputs that are generally less observable
from objective sources, such as discounted cash flow models or valuations. 

Stock-based Compensation: 

The Company accounts
for stock-based compensation in accordance with current accounting standards which requires companies to recognize compensation
expense for the share-based payments based on the estimated fair value of the awards. 

Revenue Recognition: 

The Company recognizes
revenue when evidence of an arrangement exists, the fee is determinable, and services are provided and collection is reasonably
assured. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not required. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The information required by this Item begins
on page 70 of Part III of this report on Form 10-K and is incorporated into this part by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

The following disclosure
is with respect to not only the Company, but also with respect to Aspen and the Company s subsidiary entities. 

1. Eide
Bailly / Ehrhardt Keefe Steiner Hottman PC 

As previously reported,
on July 27, 2010, Enservco s Board of Directors informed Eide Bailly LLP Eide Bailly that it had dismissed
Eide Bailly as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and informed Ehrhardt Keefe Steiner Hottman
PC (EKS H) certified public accountants, that such firm was appointed as the Company s independent registered accounting
firm effective on that same date. During Aspen s fiscal year s ended June 30, 2008 and June 30, 2009 and subsequently,
there were no disagreements with Eide Bailly on any matter of accounting principles, practices, financial statement disclosure,
or auditing scope or procedure which if not resolved to Eide Bailly s satisfaction would have caused Eide Bailly to make
reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its principal accounting report on the financial statements
for Aspen s fiscal year ended June 30, 2008 and June 30, 2009, or any subsequent report. 

46 

ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls
and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the 1934 Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the 1934 Act is
accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as
appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our
management, under the direction of our Chief Executive Officer (who is our principal executive officer), and Chief Financial Officer
(who is our principal accounting officer) has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required
by 1934 Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of December 31, 2011 (the end of the period covered by this report). Based on that evaluation, our
principal executive officer and our principal accounting officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are
effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files
or submits under the 1934 Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive
Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and are effective to provide
reasonable assurance that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by
the SEC s rules and forms. 

The Company, including
its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer , does not expect that its internal controls
and procedures will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived or operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

In accordance with
Item 308 of SEC Regulation S-K, management is required to provide an annual report regarding internal controls over
our financial reporting. This report, which includes management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls
over financial reporting, is found below. Inasmuch as the Company is neither an accelerated filer nor a large accelerated filer,
the Company is not obligated to provide an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting
by the Company s registered public accounting firm. 

47 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is
also responsible for establishing internal control over financial reporting ICFR as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the 1934 Act. Our ICFR are intended to be designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles. Our ICFR are expected to include those policies and procedures that management believes are necessary that: 

(1) Pertain to the maintenance of records
 that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
 and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

(2) Provide reasonable assurance that
 transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are
 being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
 and our directors; and 

(3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding
 prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
 or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a
 material effect on the financial statements. 

Management recognizes
that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control, and accordingly, even effective internal
control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect of financial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect misstatements.
In addition, effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective in future periods because of changes in conditions
or due to deterioration in the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures. 

As of December 31,
2011, management (with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer) conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the Company s ICFR based on the framework set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and SEC guidance on conducting such
assessments by smaller reporting companies and non-accelerated filers. Based on that assessment, management (with the participation
of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer) concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such
internal controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2011. 

This Annual Report
does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting due to the permanent exemption from such requirement for smaller reporting companies. 

Management, with the
participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, concluded that there were no changes in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2011 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

48 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS,
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Identification of Directors and
Executive Officers 

As of March 15, 2012,
the names, titles, and ages of the members of the Company s Board of Directors and its executive officers are as set forth
in the below table. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 

Michael D. Herman 
 
 54 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Rick D. Kasch 
 61 
 President, Treasurer, and Chief Financial Officer 

R.V. Bailey 
 78 
 Director 

Gerard Laheney 
 74 
 Director 

David C. Potter is
Controller and Secretary of the Company and holds an active CPA license. The Board of Directors has determined that the offices
of Controller and Secretary are not positions as executive officers of the Company as that term is used in Item
401(b) of SEC Regulation SK, and are not officers as that term is defined in SEC Rule 16a-1(f) in that the positions
of Controller and Secretary do not have policy-making functions and consequently are not subject to the reporting requirements
of Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The information for Mr. Potter is presented here for convenience. 

In the agreement for
the 2010 Merger Transaction, Aspen agreed to appoint two persons designated by Dillco to the Board of Directors being
Messrs. Herman and Laheney. Both were reelected at the meeting held on July 28, 2011. Except for that agreement, there is no agreement
or understanding between Company and any director or executive officer pursuant to which he was selected as an officer or director.
Kevan B. Hensman did not stand for reelection at the annual shareholder and board member meeting held on July 28, 2011. 

The following sets
forth a brief description of the business experience of each director and executive officer of the Company: 

Michael D. Herman .
Mr. Herman was appointed as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President and as Chairman of the Board of Directors
on July 27, 2010. On August 23, 2010 he ceased serving as President, but continues to serve as the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr. Herman has served as the Chairman and control person of Dillco since December
2007 and Heat Waves since March 2006. Since 2005, Mr. Herman has served as the Chairman of Pyramid Oil Company (NYSE Amex: PDO),
a California corporation involved in acquiring and developing oil and natural gas wells. Mr. Herman was the Chairman and
owner of Key Food Ingredients LLC Key Food from January 1, 2005 until October, 2007. Key Food supplies dehydrated
vegetables from its factory in Qingdao, China to customers worldwide. Mr. Herman was Chairman and owner of Telematrix, Inc.
from October 1992 until December 1998, when that company was sold to a major hospitality company, and he repurchased
a majority ownership interest in December 2004 and held that majority ownership interest until April 2006. Telematrix,
Inc. designs and distributes communications products and telephones to hospitality and business customers globally. 

49 

Rick D. Kasch .
Mr. Kasch was appointed as the Company s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on July 27, 2010. On July
19, 2011 he was appointed as the President, Treasurer, and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and he was reappointed to those
positions at the July 28, 2011 board meeting. Mr. Kasch served as the principal financial officer of the Company s predecessor
(Enservco LLC) since its inception in May 2007. Mr. Kasch also served as the principal financial officer, Secretary and Treasurer
of Dillco since December 2007. Further, he has served as a manager and the principal financial officer for Heat Waves since March
2006. Since 2004, Mr. Kasch has also served as the Chief Financial Officer of Key Food Ingredients LLC, a company that distributes
dehydrated vegetables. Additionally, Mr. Kasch has served as the Chief Financial Officer for various other companies, including
software development companies and internet based companies. Mr. Kasch does not serve as a director of any public companies. Mr.
Kasch received a BBA - Accounting degree from the University of South Dakota. Mr. Kasch is a CPA but does not hold an active license. 

R. V. Bailey .
Mr. Bailey has served as a Company director since 1980 and has continued to serve as a director since the completion of the Merger
Transaction on July 27, 2010. Additionally, he previously served as an officer and director of Aspen from its inception, including
as Aspen s Chief Executive Officer from January 2008 until July 27, 2010. Mr. Bailey obtained a Bachelor of Science degree
in Geology from the University of Wyoming in 1956. He has more than 45 years experience in exploration and development of mineral
deposits, primarily gold, uranium, coal, and oil and natural gas. His experience includes basic conception and execution of mineral
exploration projects. Mr. Bailey is a member of several professional societies, including the Society for Mining and Exploration,
the Society of Economic Geologists and the American Association of Petroleum Geologists, and has written a number of papers concerning
mineral deposits in the United States. He is the co-author of a 542-page text published in 1977 concerning applied exploration
for mineral deposits. Mr. Bailey is not a director of any other public companies. 

Gerard P. Laheney .
Mr. Laheney was appointed to the Company s Board of Directors on July 27, 2010 and continues to serve as a director. Mr.
Laheney has approximately twenty-seven years of experience in the financial industry as he has long served as a financial adviser
and asset manager. Since 1993, Mr. Laheney has served as the President of Aegis Investment Management Company, an investment advisory
firm specializing in global investment portfolio management. Mr. Laheney previously served in other positions in the financial
industry, including serving as a Vice President of Dean Witter Reynolds from April 1990 to December 1993. Mr. Laheney currently
serves on the Board of Directors of Reading International, Inc. (NASDAQ RDI). 

50 

Board of Directors Composition: 

The Company s
Board of Directors seeks to ensure that it is composed of members whose particular experience, qualifications, attributes, and
skills, when taken together, will allow the Board of Directors to satisfy its oversight obligations effectively. The Company does
not currently have a separate nominating (or similar) committee as given the Company s small size the Company does not yet
believe such a committee is necessary. However, as the Company grows and considers trying to position itself for a potential listing
on a stock exchange, it may consider establishing a separate nominating committee. Currently the Board of Directors as a whole
is in charge of identifying and appointing appropriate persons to add to the Board of Directors when necessary. In identifying
Board candidates it is the Board s goal to identify persons who it believes have appropriate expertise and experience to
contribute to the oversight of a company of the Company s nature while also reviewing other appropriate factors. 

The Company believes
that each of the persons that now comprise its Board of Directors have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills when
taken as a whole will enable the Board of Directors to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively. With regard to the
current members of the Board of Directors the following factors were among those considered that led to the Board s conclusion
that each would make valuable contributions to the Board: 

Michael
 Herman : Mr.
 Herman has been
 actively involved
 with the Company s
 business operations
 and strategy,
 for several years
 and has a significant
 amount of knowledge
 regarding its
 current and contemplated
 business operations.
 Further, he has
 been active in
 the oil and natural
 gas producing
 and servicing
 business since
 the mid-1980 s
 and has a broad
 range of experience
 in business outside
 of the oil and
 natural gas industry
 that the Board
 believes is valuable
 in forming the
 Company s
 business strategy
 and identifying
 new business opportunities.

R.V.
 Bailey : Mr.
 Bailey has a significant
 amount of experience
 in the natural
 resource exploration
 and development
 arena, including
 his experience
 in the oil and
 natural gas sectors.
 Additionally,
 Mr. Bailey was
 a founding member
 of Aspen and gained
 a significant
 amount of experience
 with respect to
 the stockholder
 relations and
 the administration
 of companies subject
 to the reporting
 requirements of
 the Securities
 Exchange Act of
 1934. Mr. Bailey
 is also familiar
 with a significant
 number of the
 Company s
 larger pre-Merger
 Transaction stockholders.

Gerard
 P. Laheney :
 Mr. Laheney has
 a significant
 amount of experience
 within the asset
 management industry
 and with the capital
 markets. The Board
 believes Mr. Laheney s
 experience and
 knowledge with
 the capital markets
 are valuable to
 the Board of Directors
 as a whole. 

Significant Employees 

Although not an executive
officer or director of the Company, Austin Peitz has been and is expected to be, a significant employee of the Company. Mr. Peitz
has worked for Heat Waves since October 1999 and has been involved in nearly all aspects of operations since that time. Currently,
Mr. Peitz is the Director of Operations for Heat Waves and is in charge of overseeing and coordinating field operations. 

51 

Family Relationships 

There are no family
relationships among the directors or executive officers of the Company. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten
years none of the persons serving as executive officers and/or directors of the Company has been the subject matter of any of
the following legal proceedings that are required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K including: (a) any
bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at
the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (b) any criminal convictions; (c) any order, judgment,
or decree permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business,
securities or banking activities; (d) any finding by a court, the SEC or the CFTC to have violated a federal or state securities
or commodities law, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting
mail or wire fraud; or (e) any sanction or order of any self-regulatory organization or registered entity or equivalent exchange,
association or entity. Further, no such legal proceedings are believed to be contemplated by governmental authorities against
any director or executive officer. 

S ection 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the
1934 Act requires Enservco s directors and officers and any persons who own more than ten percent of Enservco s equity
securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).
All directors, officers and greater than ten-percent stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies
of all Section 16(a) reports files. Based solely on our review of the copies of Forms 3, 4 and any amendments thereto furnished
to us during the fiscal year completed December 31, 2011, and subsequently, we believe that during the Company s 2011 fiscal
year all filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater-than-ten-percent stockholders were complied with. 

Code of Ethics 

On July 27, 2010,
our Board of Directors adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Whistleblower Policy that applies to all of our officers
and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Our Code
of Ethics establishes standards and guidelines to assist our directors, officers, and employees in complying with both the Company s
corporate policies and with the law and is posted at our website: www.enservco.com. Additionally, a copy of our Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics and Whistleblower Policy was filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 27, 2010. 

No Audit Committee 

The Company does not
have a separately designated audit committee. Instead, the entire Board acts as the Company s audit committee. Consequently
the Company does not currently have a designated audit committee financial expert. 

52 

No Nominating Committee; Procedures
by which Security Holders May Recommend Nominees to the Board of Directors; Communications with Members of the Board of Directors 

The Company does not
have a separately designated nominating committee. The Company does not have such a committee because we currently believe that
given our small size, the fact that a majority of the members of our Board are not currently considered independent ,
and because no Company securities are traded on a stock exchange, that such a committee is not currently necessary. Unless and
until the Company establishes a separate nominating committee, when a board vacancy occurs, the remaining board members will participate
in deliberations concerning director nominees. In the future the Company may determine that it is appropriate to designate a separate
nominating committee of the board of directors comprised solely of independent directors. 

To date, the Board
of Directors has not adopted a formal procedure by which stockholders may recommend nominees to the board of directors. However,
our bylaws set forth the procedure by which eligible stockholders may nominate a person to the Board of Directors, which in relevant
part provides that: 

The Corporation will consider
all recommendations from any person (or group) who has (or collectively if a group have) held more than 5 of the Corporation s
voting securities for longer than one year. Any stockholder who desires to submit a nomination of a person to stand for election
of directors at the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders at which directors are to be elected must submit a notification
of the stockholder s intention to make a nomination Notification to the Corporation by the date mentioned
in the most recent proxy statement under the heading Proposal From Stockholders as such date may be amended
in cases where the annual meeting has been changed as contemplated in SEC Rule 14a-8(e), Question 5, and in that notification
must provide the following additional information to the Corporation: 

i) Name, address, telephone number
 and other methods by which the Corporation can contact the stockholder
 submitting the Notification and the total number of shares beneficially
 owned by the stockholder (as the term beneficial ownership 
 is defined in SEC Rule 13d-3); 

ii) If the stockholder owns shares
 of the Corporation s voting stock other than on the records
 of the Corporation, the stockholder must provide evidence that
 he or she owns such shares (which evidence may include a current
 statement from a brokerage house or other appropriate documentation); 

iii) Information from the stockholder
 regarding any intentions that he or she may have to attempt to
 make a change of control or to influence the direction of the
 Corporation, and other information regarding the stockholder any
 other persons associated with the stockholder that would be required
 under Items 4 and 5 of SEC Schedule 14A were the stockholder or
 other persons associated with the stockholder making a solicitation
 subject to SEC Rule 14a-12(c); 

iv) Name, address, telephone number
 and other contact information of the proposed nominee; and 

v) All information required by Item
 7 of SEC Schedule 14A with respect to the proposed nominee, shall
 be in a form reasonably acceptable to Enservco. 

53 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table
sets out the compensation received for the fiscal years December 31, 2011 and 2010 in respect to each of the individuals who served
as the Company s chief executive officer at any time during the last fiscal year, as well as the Company s most highly
compensated executive officers: 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

(1) 
 Non-Equity 
 Non-Qualified 

Name and 
 Fiscal 

Stock 
 Option 
 Incentive Plan 
 Deferred Plan 
 All Other 

Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Compensation 
 Compensation 
 Total 

Michael D. Herman, CEO and Chairman (2) 
 2011 
 - 
 90,000 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 93,061 (2) 
 183,061 

2010 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,862 (2) 
 6,862 

Rick D. Kasch, President, Treasurer, and CFO 
 2011 
 200,721 
 65,000 
 - 
 373,726 
 - 
 - 
 28,309 (3) 
 667,756 

2010 
 180,000 
 - 
 - 
 45,421 
 - 
 - 
 24,047 (3) 
 249,468 

Austin Peitz, Director of Operations 
 2011 
 120,000 
 97,763 
 - 
 48,093 
 - 
 - 
 27,170 (3) 
 293,026 

2010 
 113,077 
 44,106 
 - 
 68,131 
 - 
 - 
 21,222 (3) 
 246,536 

(1) Amounts represent
the calculated fair value of stock options granted to the named executive officers based on provisions of ASC 718-10, Stock
Compensation. See note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion regarding assumptions used to calculate
fair value under the Black-Scholes Merton valuation model. 

(2) In both fiscal 2010
and fiscal 2011 Mr. Herman elected not to receive any base compensation because he believed that the funds that would have been
used to pay his salary were better devoted to helping to grow and develop the Company s business operations. Mr. Herman s
sole compensation from the Company during 2010 was derived from the Company paying his health, life, dental and vision insurance
premiums. Mr. Herman s compensation from the company during 2011 consisted of (i) a discretionary bonus awarded, as approved
by the board, (ii) payment of accrued interest on the related party subordinated debt as loaned to the Company by Mr Herman, and
(iii) the Company paying for his health, life, dental and vision insurance premiums. Mr. Herman is not involved in the day-to-day
operations of the Company but serves as CEO to provide strategic guidance on an as needed basis. The Company evaluated the
services provided by Mr. Herman during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 and determined that it was not necessary to
impute compensation for financial reporting purposes. Starting February 1, 2012, pursuant to consent by the board dated February
10, 2012, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Herman a continuing guarantee fee of 150,000 per year; such payment would continue for
so long as Mr. Herman is liable as guarantor of Company debt in excess of 5,000,000. 

(3) Represents: (i) automobile
expenses; (ii) health, life, dental and vision insurance premiums; and (iii) matching contributions to the Company s 401(k)
plan incurred on behalf of Mr. Kasch and Mr. Peitz by the Company. 

54 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

The
Board of Directors acting in lieu of a compensation committee, is charged with reviewing and approving the terms and structure
of the compensation of the Company s executive officers. To date, the Company has not retained an independent compensation
consultant to assist the Company in reviewing and analyzing the structure and terms of the Company s executive officers. 

The Company considers
various factors when evaluating and determining the compensation terms and structure of its executive officers, including the
following: 

1. The executive s leadership
 and operational performance and potential to enhance long-term
 value to the Company s stockholders; 

2. The Company s financial
 resources, results of operations, and financial projections; 

3. Performance compared to the financial,
 operational and strategic goals established for the Company; 

4. The nature, scope and level of
 the executive s responsibilities; 

5. Competitive market compensation
 paid by other companies for similar positions, experience and
 performance levels; and 

6. The executive s current
 salary, the appropriate balance between incentives for long-term
 and short-term performance. 

Company management
is responsible for reviewing the base salary, annual bonus and long-term compensation levels for other Company employees, and
the Company expects this practice to continue going forward. The entire Board of Directors remains responsible for significant
changes to, or adoption, of new employee benefit plans. 

The Company believes
that the compensation environment for qualified professionals in the industry in which we operate is highly competitive. In order
to compete in this environment, the compensation of our executive officers is primarily comprised of the following four components: 

Base
 salary; 

Stock
 option awards
 and/or equity
 based compensation; 

Discretionary
 cash bonuses;
 and 

Other
 employment benefits.

Base Salary. Base
salary, paid in cash, is the first element of compensation to our officers. In determining base salaries for our key executive
officers, the Company aims to set base salaries at a level we believe enables us to hire and retain individuals in a competitive
environment and to reward individual performance and contribution to our overall business goals. The Board of Directors believes
that base salary should be relatively stable over time, providing the executive a dependable, minimum level of compensation, which
is approximately equivalent to compensation that may be paid by competitors for persons of similar abilities. The Board of Directors
believes that base salaries for our executive officers are appropriate for persons serving as executive officers of public companies
similar in size and complexity similar to the Company. 

The Company s
Chief Executive Officer is not paid a base salary as he has elected to forego the receipt of a salary. Starting February 1, 2012,
pursuant to consent by the board dated February 10, 2012, the Company agreed to pay the Chief Executive Officer a continuing guarantee
fee of 150,000 per year; such payment would continue for so long as the Chief Executive Officer is liable as guarantor of Company
debt in excess of 5,000,000. This annual payment is not viewed as a base salary; it is deemed a fee paid to the Chief Executive
Officer for risks associated with the personal guarantees given on behalf of the Company for various debt agreements held by the
Company. 

55 

The Company s
other executive officers receive their base salaries in accordance with the terms of their respective employment agreements (which
are described below). 

Stock Option Plan
Benefits Each of the Company s executive officers is eligible to be granted awards under the Company s
equity compensation plans. The Company believes that equity based compensation helps align management and executives interests
with the interests of our stockholders. Our equity incentives are also intended to reward the attainment of long-term corporate
objectives by our executives. We also believe that grants of equity-based compensation are necessary to enable us to be competitive
from a total remuneration standpoint. At the present time, we have one equity incentive plan for our management and employees,
the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. The material terms, and administration of the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan are further described under
Item 5 of this Annual Report. 

We have no set formula
for granting awards to our executives or employees. In determining whether to grant awards and the amount of any awards, we take
into consideration discretionary factors such as the individual s current and expected future performance, level of responsibilities,
retention considerations, and the total compensation package. 

The Company has granted
each of its executive officers stock options, with the exception of our Chief Executive Officer. Our Chief Executive Officer expressed
to the Company that he did not wish to receive such a grant because he believes that, given his significant stock ownership, it
was more appropriate to allocate the options to other employees. 

In conjunction with
entering into an employment agreement on July 27, 2010, Rick Kasch, the Company s President and Chief Financial Officer,
was granted an option to acquire 300,000 shares of Company common stock. Subsequent to this first issuance, on July 19, 2011 and
again on February 10, 2012, Mr. Kasch was granted options to acquire 600,000 and 400,000 shares of the Company common stock, respectively.
The exercise price of these options is 0.49, 1.10, and 1.07, respectively. All three options are exercisable for a five year
term. The option granted on July 27, 2010 has one third of the options vesting immediately upon grant with the remaining portion
of the option to vest on a pro-rata basis on each of the first two anniversary dates of the option grant. The options granted
on July 19, 2011 and on February 10, 2012 have one half of the options vesting immediately with the second half to vest on the
first anniversary of the option grant. 

In conjunction with
entering into an employment agreement on July 27, 2010, Austin Peitz, the Company s Director of Operations, was granted
an option to acquire 450,000 shares of Company common stock. The option is exercisable for a five year term with an exercise price
of 0.49 per share. One third of the options vested at the time of grant, one-third vested on July 27, 2011, and the remaining
one third will vest on July 27, 2012 (if he remains employed by Enservco at that date). 

Additionally, at the
time of his appointment as our Chief Operating Officer, on August 23, 2010, Bob Maughmer was granted an option to acquire 1.0
million shares of Company common stock. The option is exercisable for a five year term with an exercise price of 0.49 per share.
One third of the options vested at the time of grant, one-third vested on August 23, 2011, and the remaining one third will vest
on August 23, 2012 (if he remains employed by Enservco at that date). 

Discretionary
Annual Bonus. Discretionary cash bonuses are another
prong of our compensation plan. The Board of Directors believes that it is appropriate that executive officers and other employees
have the potential to receive a portion of their annual cash compensation as a cash bonus to encourage performance to achieve
key corporate objectives and to be competitive from a total remuneration standpoint. 

56 

We have no set formula
for determining or awarding discretionary cash bonuses to our other executives or employees. In determining whether to award bonuses
and the amount of any bonuses, we have taken and expect to continue to take into consideration discretionary factors such as the
individual s current and expected future performance, level of responsibilities, retention considerations, and the total
compensation package, as well as the Company s overall performance including cash flow and other operational factors. 

The employment agreements
we have entered into with certain of our executive officers provide that each is eligible to receive a discretionary cash bonus.
Such bonuses are to be considered and determined by the Board of Directors, and paid during the ninety day period beginning February
1 of the year following that year for which the bonus was earned. After the end of our 2011 fiscal year the Board of Directors
awarded cash bonuses to the following Company executive: 

Michael
 Herman 
 Mr. Herman was
 rewarded a cash
 bonus of 90,000
 for fiscal year
 2011 with 30,000
 of the bonus paid
 to Mr. Herman
 in 2011 and the
 remaining 60,000
 paid to Mr. Herman
 in February 2012.

Rick
 Kasch 
 Mr. Kasch was
 rewarded a cash
 bonus of 65,000
 for fiscal year
 2011 with 25,000
 of the bonus paid
 to Mr. Kasch in
 2011 and the remaining
 40,000 paid to
 Mr. Kasch in February
 2012. 

Austin
 Peitz 
 Mr. Peitz was
 awarded a cash
 bonus of 97,763
 for fiscal year
 2011 with 45,686
 of the bonus paid
 to Mr. Peitz in
 2011 and the remaining
 52,077 paid to
 Mr. Peitz in February
 2012. 

Other Compensation/Benefits.
 Another element of the overall compensation is through providing our executive officers various employment benefits, such
as the payment of health and life insurance premiums on behalf of the executive officers. Additionally, the Company provides its
executive officers with an automobile allowance (other than Mr. Herman as discussed above). Our executive officers are also eligible
to participate in our 401(k) plan on the same basis as other employees and the Company historically has made matching contributions
to the 401(k) plan, including for the benefit of our executive officers. 

Employment Agreements 

We have entered into
employment agreements with certain Company officers and key employees, including Messrs. Herman, Maughmer, Peitz and Kasch (all
of whom are listed in the executive compensation table above). 

Michael
Herman Mr. Herman s employment agreement is for a term through June 30, 2013. The agreement provides for no
base salary. However, Mr. Herman will be eligible for an annual discretionary cash bonus based on Mr. Herman s performance
and the performance of the Company as a whole, with any bonus ultimately to be determined by the Board of Directors. Mr. Herman
is entitled to receive standard employment benefits. If Mr. Herman is terminated without cause he will be entitled to health benefits
for a period of eighteen months. The employment agreement also contains other standard provisions contained in agreements of this
nature including confidentiality and non-competition provisions. 

Starting
February 1, 2012, pursuant to consent by the board dated February 10, 2012, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Herman a continuing
guarantee fee of 150,000 per year; such payment would continue for so long as Mr. Herman is liable as guarantor of Company debt
in excess of 5,000,000. This annual payment is not viewed as a base salary; it is deemed a fee paid to Mr. Herman for risks associated
with the personal guarantees given on behalf of the Company for various debt agreements held by the Company. 

57 

Rick
Kasch Mr. Kasch s employment agreement is for a term through June 30, 2014. The agreement provides for an annual
salary of 225,000 through June 30, 2012 and then automatic increases of 5 effective on each July 1 during the term of the agreement.
Pursuant to the agreement the Company agreed to grant Mr. Kasch an option to acquire 300,000 shares of Company common stock in
accordance with the Company s 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. Mr. Kasch is also entitled to standard employment benefits and
the use of a Company automobile or alternatively a car allowance of at least 1,000. The employment agreement contains other standard
provisions contained in agreements of this nature including confidentiality and non-competition provisions. 

Mr.
Kasch s employment agreement also provides for severance compensation if his employment is terminated for the following
two reasons: 

1. A termination without cause 
 - If Mr. Kasch is terminated without cause he will be entitled to
 all salary that would have been paid through the remaining term
 of the agreement, or if the agreement is terminated without cause
 during the final eighteen months of the agreement term Mr. Kasch
 will be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to eighteen
 months of his base salary. Additionally, if Mr. Kasch is terminated
 without cause, he will be entitled to health benefits for a period
 of eighteen months; and 

2. A
 termination
 upon
 a
 change
 of
 control
 event
 or
 a
 management
 change
 -
 If
 Mr.
 Kasch
 resigns
 within
 ninety
 days
 following
 a
 change
 of
 control
 event
 or
 a
 management
 change
 (being
 the
 person
 to
 whom
 he
 directly
 reports)
 he
 will
 be
 entitled
 to
 a
 severance
 payment
 equal
 to
 eighteen
 months
 of
 his
 base
 salary
 with
 the
 amount
 being
 paid
 either
 in
 a
 lump
 sum
 payment
 or
 in
 accordance
 with
 the
 Company s
 payroll
 practices.
 Further,
 Mr.
 Kasch
 will
 be
 entitled
 to
 health
 benefits
 for
 a
 period
 of
 eighteen
 months.

Austin
Peitz Mr. Peitz is not an executive officer of the Company, but is deemed a significant employee who is also the Director
of Operations for Heat Waves and is in charge of overseeing and coordinating company-wide field operations. Mr. Peitz s
employment agreement is for a term through June 30, 2013. The agreement provides for an annual salary of 120,000 through June
30, 2011 and then automatic increases of 5 effective on each July 1 during the term of the agreement. Pursuant to the agreement
the Company agreed to grant Mr. Peitz an option to acquire 450,000 shares of Company common stock in accordance with the Company s
2010 Stock Incentive Plan. Mr. Peitz is also entitled to standard employment benefits and the use of a Company automobile or alternatively
a car allowance of at least 1,000. If Mr. Peitz is terminated without cause he is entitled to a severance payment equal to six
months of his salary. The employment agreement contains other standard provisions contained in agreements of this nature including
confidentiality and non-competition provisions. 

Bob Maughmer 
On September 6, 2010 Enservco entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Maughmer who was then Enservco s President and
Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Maughmer is no longer an executive officer of, but is still employed by, Enservco. The employment
agreement provides that Mr. Maughmer will be paid an annual salary of 225,000. On July 1 of each year that the employment
agreement is in effect Mr. Maughmer s salary will be increased by at least 5 . Mr. Maughmer is eligible to receive
a discretionary annual bonus based on Mr. Maughmer s performance and the Company s financial condition. Mr.
Maughmer is also entitled to standard employment benefits and a monthly car allowance of at least 1,000. Mr. Maughmer s
employment agreement is for a three year term and will not be automatically renewed at the end of that term. Instead,
Mr. Maughmer will become an employee at will at the end of the initial term of the agreement unless otherwise agreed by Mr. Maughmer
and the Company. If Mr. Maughmer s employment is terminated without cause during the term of the agreement
Mr. Maughmer will be entitled to his base salary through the remainder of the term of the agreement. 

58 

Stock Option, Stock Awards and Equity Incentive Plans 

In accordance with
the Company s 2010 Stock Incentive Plan the Company granted certain of its executive officers stock options during the Company s
2011 fiscal year; no other equity based awards were granted to executive officers during the fiscal year. 

The following table
sets forth the outstanding equity awards for each named executive officer at December 31, 2011. 

Option Awards 

Number of Securities 

Underlying Unexercised 

Options (#) 
 Option 
 Option 

Exercise 
 Expiration 

Name and Principal Position 
 Exercisable 
 Un-exercisable 
 Price 
 Date 

Rick Kasch, President, Treasurer, and CFO (1) 
 200,000 
 100,000 
 0.49 
 07/30/2015 

300,000 
 300,000 
 1.10 
 07/19/2016 

Rick Kasch Totals 
 500,000 
 400,000 

Austin Peitz, Director of Operations (2) 
 300,000 
 150,000 
 0.49 
 07/30/2015 

Bob Maughmer, COO of Company subsidiary (3) 
 666,667 
 333,333 
 0.49 
 08/23/2015 

(1) On July 30, 2010 Mr. Kasch was granted
 an option to acquire 300,000 shares of the Company s common stock.
 The exercise price of the option is 0.49, and the option has a five year
 term. 100,000 shares underlying the option vested upon grant, with 100,000
 shares to vest on each of July 30, 2011 and July 30, 2012. Also, On July
 19, 2011 Mr. Kasch was granted an option to acquire 600,000 shares of the
 Company s common stock. The exercise price of the option is 1.10,
 and the option has a five year term. 300,000 shares underlying the option
 vested upon grant, with the remaining 300,000 shares to vest on July 19,
 2012. 

(2) On July 30, 2010 Mr. Peitz was granted
 an option to acquire 450,000 shares of the Company s common stock.
 The exercise price of the option is 0.49, and the option has a five year
 term. 150,000 shares underlying the option vested upon grant, with 150,000
 shares vesting on each of July 30, 2011 and July 30, 2012. Mr. Peitz is
 not an executive officer of Enservco. 

(3) On August 23, 2010 Mr. Maughmer was granted
 an option to acquire 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock.
 The exercise price of the option is 0.49, and the option has a five year
 term. 333,333 shares underlying the option vested upon grant, with 333,333
 shares vesting on each of August 23, 2011 and August 23, 2012. Mr. Maughmer
 is no longer an executive officer of Enservco, but remains employed by
 Enservco. 

59 

Compensation of Directors 

Originally, on July
27, 2010 the Company s Board of Directors determined that each of the Company s non-employee directors would receive
 5,000 per fiscal quarter plus travel costs. Additionally, each of our non-employee directors was granted a stock option on July
27, 2010. Subsequent to this determination by the Board of Directors, on July 27, 2011, it was determined that Kevan B. Hensman
would relinquish his seat as a director of the Company and would stop receiving the quarterly directors fee and reimbursement
for travel costs as of that date. Also on July 27, 2011 the 5,000 quarterly director fee for non-employee directors was reapproved.
As such, the table below reflects compensation paid to the members of the board during 2011. 

Non-Equity 
 Non-Qualified 

Fees Earned 
 Stock 
 
 Incentive 
 Deferred 

or Paid 
 Non-Qualified 
 Option 
 Plan 
 Compensation 

Name 
 in Cash 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 on Earnings 
 Total 

R.V. Bailey (1) 
 23,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 23,000 

Gerard Laheney (2) 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 

Kevan B. Hensman (3) 
 10,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,000 

(1) Mr. Bailey received fees in the
 amount of 20,000 in 2011 for serving on the Board of Directors.
 Mr. Bailey also received 500 per month through June 30, 2011 for
 consultation services for the Company, as agreed upon in his termination
 agreement upon the Merger Transaction. Prior to the Merger Transaction,
 Mr. Bailey served as an officer and director of Aspen and was paid
 an annual salary and also granted an option in February 2010. The
 remuneration received by Mr. Bailey as an officer and director
 of Aspen was disclosed in Aspen s Annual Report on Form 10-K
 for its fiscal year ended June 30, 2010. The Company did not recognize
 any costs associated with these options granted by Aspen as they
 were fully vested upon change of control (as of the Merger Transaction
 date). 

(2) Mr. Laheney received fees in the
 amount of 20,000 in 2011 for serving on the Board of Directors.
 On July 30, 2010 Mr. Laheney was granted an option to acquire 200,000
 shares of Company common stock. The option is exercisable for a
 five year term at 0.49 per share, and vested in full as of July
 30, 2010. As such, no costs were incurred by the Company in 2011
 for these options. 

(3) Mr. Hensman received fees in the
 amount of 10,000 in 2011 for serving on the Board of Directors.
 Mr. Hensman did not stand for reelection to the Board at the July
 28, 2011 annual meeting. On July 30, 2010 Mr. Hensman was granted
 an option to acquire 25,000 shares of Company common stock. The
 option is exercisable for a five year term at 0.49 per share,
 and vested in full as of July 30, 2010. As such, no costs were
 incurred by the Company in 2011 for these options. Prior to the
 Merger Transaction Mr. Hensman served on Aspen s Board of
 Directors and also as its Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Hensman
 earned fees in his capacity as Aspen s Chief Financial Officer
 and was also granted an option by Aspen in February 2010. The remuneration
 received by Mr. Hensman as an officer and director of Aspen was
 disclosed in Aspen s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal
 year ended June 30, 2010. The Company did not recognize any costs
 associated with these options granted by Aspen as they were fully
 vested upon change of control (as of the Merger Transaction date). 

60 

Frequency of the Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 

At the 2011 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders, held on July 28, 2011, an advisory vote was held on the frequency of the advisory vote on the compensation
program for Enservco s named executive officers. More than a majority of the votes cast at the annual meeting approved holding
an advisory vote on the compensation program for named executive officers on a triennial basis (that is, each three years). In
line with this recommendation by the Company s stockholders, the Board of Directors has determined that it will next include
an advisory stockholder vote regarding named executive officer compensation in the proxy materials for the 2014 Annual Meeting.
The next required advisory vote regarding the frequency of an advisory vote on named executive officer compensation at the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders will be in 2017. 

Risks of Compensation Programs 

The Company s
equity-based compensation is performance based in that the issued stock options become valuable as the shareholders returns
(measured by stock price) increase. Furthermore, in all cases, options granted to the Company s employees are time-based
vesting. The Company believes that this vesting, coupled with the internal controls and oversight of the risk elements of its
business, have minimized the possibility that the compensation programs and practices will have a material adverse effect on the
Company and its financial, and operational, performance. 

As described above,
the Board of Directors has general oversight responsibility with respect to risk management, and exercises appropriate oversight
to insure that risks are not viewed in isolation and are appropriately controlled. The Company s compensation programs are
designed to work within this system of oversight and control, and the Board considers whether these compensation programs reward
reasonable risk-taking and achieve the proper balance between the desire to appropriately reward employees and protecting the
Company. 

61 

ITEM 12. SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT. 

Security Ownership of Management 

As of March 15, 2012
the Company had 21,778,866 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding. The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership
of the Company s common stock as of March 15, 2012 by each person who serves as a director and/or an executive officer of
Enservco on that date, and the number of shares beneficially owned by all of the Company s directors and named executive
officers as a group: 

Amount and 

Nature of 

Name and Address of 
 
 Beneficial 
 Percent of 
 
 Beneficial Owner 
 Position 
 Ownership
 (1) 
 Common
 Stock 
 
 Michael D.
 Herman 501 South Cherry Street Suite 320 Denver, CO 80246 
 Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman 
 13,067,320 (2) 
 60 
 
 R.V. Bailey 501 South
 Cherry Street Suite 320 Denver, CO 80246 
 Director 
 1,367,275 (3) 
 6.3 
 
 Gerard Laheney 501
 South Cherry Street Suite 320 Denver, CO 80246 
 Director 
 338,700 (4) 
 1.6 
 
 Rick D. Kasch 501
 South Cherry Street Suite 320 Denver, CO 80246 
 President,
 Treasurer, and Chief Financial Officer 
 1,951,924 (5) 
 9.0 
 
 All current directors, executive officers and
 named executive officers as a group (4 persons) 
 
 16,725,219 
 76.8 

(1) Calculated in accordance with 1934 Act Rule 13d-3. 

(2) Consists of: 

(i) 6,533,660 shares acquired by Mr. Herman at the closing of the Merger Transaction; and 

(ii) 6,533,660 shares held by Mr. Herman s spouse acquired at the closing of the Merger Transaction. 

(3) Consists of: 

(i) 1,215,676 shares of stock held of record in the name of R. V. Bailey; 

(ii) 3,959 shares of stock held jointly with Mr. Bailey s spouse; 

(iii) 11,220 shares of record in the name of Mieko Nakamura Bailey, his spouse (For the purposes of Section
16b of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Mr. Bailey disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by his spouse); 

62 

(iv) stock options to purchase 36,420 shares of common stock at 2.14 per share; and 

(v) stock options to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock at 0.4125 per share that vested on July
27, 2010. 

(4) Consists of: 

(i) options to acquire 200,000 shares of common stock that were granted on July 30, 2010 and are exercisable
for a five-year term; and 

(ii) 138,700 shares acquired by Mr. Laheney from Hermanco, LLC (an affiliate of Mr. Herman). 

(5) Consists of: 

(i) 1,451,924 shares acquired upon the closing of the Merger Transaction; 

(ii) Options to acquire 200,000 shares of common stock granted on July 30, 2010 and that are exercisable
for a five-year term at 0.49 per share; and 

(iii) Options to acquire 300,000 shares of common stock granted on July 19, 2011 and that are exercisable
for a five-year term at 1.10 per share. 

Does not include the unvested
portion of the stock options granted to Mr. Kasch on July 30, 2010 (100,000 shares), on July 19, 2011 (300,000 shares), and on
February 10, 2012 (400,000 shares). 

Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners 

As of March 15, 2012,
the Company is not aware of any persons that beneficially own more than 5 of its outstanding common stock who does not serve as
an executive officer or director of the Company, except for Mr. Herman s spouse whose shares are included in Mr. Herman s
beneficial ownership reported in the table above. 

Employee/Director Hedging Is Not
Permitted 

Section 14(j) of the
1934 Act requires each issuer to disclose whether any employee or member of the board of directors, or any designee of any employee
or board member, is permitted to purchase hedges that is, financial instruments that are designed to hedge or offset against
any decrease in the market price for the issuer s securities. On July 27, 2010, the Board of Directors adopted the Company s
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Whistleblower Policy which provides that the Board of Directors has
concluded that it is inappropriate for employees or members of the board of directors, or any designee of such persons, to purchase
hedges involving the Company s securities. 

Change in Control Arrangements 

As of March 15, 2012,
there are no arrangements that would result in a change in control of the Company except to the extent that Mr. Herman has personally
guaranteed substantially all of Dillco s indebtedness (which indebtedness Enservco has also guaranteed). In addition, Mr.
Herman has significant personal indebtedness with Great Western Bank, the principal lender to Dillco. Mr. Herman has granted Great
Western Bank a blanket lien on his personal assets. Therefore, should Mr. Herman default on his personal indebtedness to the Great
Western Bank, the bank may institute a collection action which could result in the transfer of Mr. Herman s interest in the
Company to Great Western Bank which transfer would result in a change of control. 

63 

Should Enservco refinance
its indebtedness with a third party, an agreement between Mr. and Mrs. Herman and Great Western states that such an action would
be a default under the terms of their personal indebtedness and thus might result in a change of control. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance
Under Equity Compensation Plans 

See Item 5, above,
for information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans in the form required by Item 201(d)
of Regulation SK. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related Party Transactions 

The following sets
forth information regarding transactions between the Company (and its subsidiaries) and its officers, directors and significant
stockholders. Any transactions between Aspen and its officers, directors, and significant stockholders occurring in Aspen s
last two fiscal years was disclosed in Aspen s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended June 30, 2010. 

Employment Agreements: 

See Item 11 - Executive
Compensation of this Form 10-K for a discussion of the employment agreements between the Company and each of Messrs. Herman and
Kasch. 

Loan Transactions: 

1. On
November 21, 2009 Mr. Herman loaned 500,000 to Heat Waves pursuant to the terms of a promissory note (the Heat Waves Note ).
The Heat Waves Note accrues interest at 3 per annum and is due in full by December 31, 2018. As part of loan agreements with Great
Western Bank, Mr. Herman agreed to subordinate the debt represented by this note to all obligations to the bank. Interest is to
be paid annually in arrears, but due to the subordination interest is being accrued to the loan balance. On October 4, 2011, upon
management approval, Mr. Herman received an interest payment in the amount of 27,456 on this loan. As of December 31, 2011 the
accrued interest balance on this loan was 1,393. 

2. On
March 31, 2010, Mr. Herman loaned an additional 1,200,000 to Heat Waves pursuant to the terms of a promissory note (the Heat
Waves Note II ). The Heat Waves Note II accrues interest at 3 per annum and is due in full by December 31, 2018. As part
of the loan agreements with Great Western Bank, Mr. Herman agreed to subordinate the debt represented by this note to all obligations
to the bank. Interest is to be paid annually in arrears, but due to the subordination interest is being accrued to the loan balance.
On October 4, 2011 upon management approval Mr. Herman received an interest payment in the amount of 49,544 on this loan. As of
December 31, 2011 the accrued interest balance on this loan was 13,580. 

3. On
July 29, 2011, upon approval by the Board of Directors, Mr. Herman received a principal payment on the subordinated debt in the
amount of 222,240. The entire payment was applied to the principal paydown of the first 500,000 subordinated loan entered into
on November 21, 2009. 

64 

Asset Transfer and Sales; Membership
Interest Transfer and Sales: 

1. On
December 31, 2009, HNR sold certain assets to Dillco for 1,065,623. These assets included land, buildings, vehicles, equipment,
and machinery used by Dillco as part of its business operations. The purchase price was based on an independent appraisal performed
in December 2009. At the time of this transaction 100 of the membership interests of HNR were owned by Mr. Herman and his family
members and the membership interests of Enservco LLC (being the former holding company of Dillco and its subsidiaries and related
entities) were held by Mr. Herman (90 and Mr. Kasch (10 ). 

2. On
December 31, 2009, Mr. Herman transferred and assigned his membership interest in Real GC to Heat Waves in consideration for 174,382.
This price was determined based on the parties estimate of the fair value of Real GC and the real property that it owns
in Garden City, Kansas where an acid dock owned and utilized by Heat Waves is located. At the time of the transaction Mr. Herman
was the sole member of Real GC, Enservco LLC (being the former holding company of Dillco and its subsidiaries and related entities)
was the sole member of Heat Waves, and the membership interests of Enservco LLC were held by Mr. Herman (90 and Mr. Kasch (10 ). 

3. On
December 31, 2009, Enservco LLC (being the former holding company of Dillco and its subsidiaries and related entities) and Dillco
entered into a Transfer and Contribution Agreement whereby Enservco LLC transferred, contributed, and conveyed all of its rights
and interests in: 

The
assets it acquired from HNR on December 31, 2009 for 1,065,623. 
 
 Its rights and interests (100 in the
membership interests in both Heat Waves and Trinidad Housing. 

Trinidad Housing owned
a housing unit in Trinidad, Colorado that at times was previously utilized by certain Heat Waves employees. At the time of the
transaction Enservco LLC owned 100 of the outstanding stock of Dillco itself and was the sole member of Trinidad Housing. Further,
the membership interests of Enservco LLC were held at that time by Mr. Herman (90 and Mr. Kasch (10 ). On December 23, 2011 the
housing unit in Trinidad was sold. 

4. On
March 1, 2010, Messrs. Herman and Kasch contributed their membership interests in HES to Enservco LLC (being the former holding
company of Dillco and its subsidiaries and related entities). HES owns certain assets that it previously leased to Heat Waves including
a disposal well, trucks and construction equipment. At the time of the transaction Mr. Herman held a 95 membership interest in
HES and Mr. Kasch a 5 membership interest. Further, the membership interests of Enservco LLC were held by Mr. Herman (90 and
Rick Kasch (10 ). Enservco LLC then contributed the HES membership interest to Dillco itself which in turn transferred the interest
to Heat Waves. As a result, Heat Waves owns a 100 membership interest in HES. 

5. On
March 15, 2010, Mr. Herman sold a disposal well located in Oklahoma to HES in consideration for 100,000. Payment of the purchase
price (which was due on or before September 15, 2010) was made on August 11, 2010. 

65 

Guarantee Obligations 

On July 27, 2010, Enservco
(as the parent corporation) became the guarantor of Dillco s indebtedness to Great Western Bank. In addition, Mr. Herman
and Mrs. Herman have guaranteed the Company s and Dillco s obligations to Great Western Bank which, at December 31,
2011, amounted to approximately 15 million. Mr. and Mrs. Herman also have personal obligations to Great Western Bank. Because
of certain cross-default provisions, a default by Mr. and Mrs. Herman as to their personal indebtedness to Great Western Bank could
result in a default by Dillco and Enservco in their indebtedness. It is important to note that neither Enservco nor Dillco are
potentially liable on any of Mr. or Mrs. Herman s obligations to Great Western Bank as a result of these cross-default provisions;
the Company is at risk of having all of its indebtedness to Great Western Bank potentially called and deemed payable in the event
Mr. and Mrs. Herman default on their personal indebtedness. 

In addition, based
on a November 9, 2011 agreement between Great Western Bank and Mr. and Mrs. Herman, as a personal lending agreement to Mr. and
Mrs. Herman, should Dillco and Enservco refinance their indebtedness to Great Western Bank with a third party this would constitute
an event of default under the personal lending arrangements. As Mr. and Mrs. Herman are significant stockholders of Enservco and
Mr. Herman is the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, any decision by Enservco to refinance its indebtedness
with Great Western Bank may have significant negative consequences on Mr. and Mrs. Herman and may result in the risk of a conflict
of interest. 

Director Independence 

As of March 15, 2012,
the Company s Board of Directors consists of Messrs. Herman, Bailey, and Laheney. The Company utilizes the definition of
 independent as it is set forth in Section 803A of the NYSE Amex Company Guide. Further, the board considers all relevant
facts and circumstances in its determination of independence of all members of the board (including any relationships). Currently,
only Mr. Laheney is considered an independent director. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT S FEES AND SERVICES. 

Audit Related Fees 

Ehrhardt Keefe Steiner
 Hottman PC (EKS H) billed the Company aggregate fees for audit services in the amount of approximately 114,371 for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 and approximately 126,745 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010. These amounts were
billed for professional services that EKS H provided for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial
statements included in our reports on 10-Q and other services typically provided by an accountant in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years. 

Tax Fees 

EKS H billed us
aggregate fees in the amount of approximately 1,900 for the fiscal year ended December 31 2011, for tax compliance services, and
 -0- for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 for tax compliance services. 

66 

Audit Committee s Pre-Approval
Practice 

Inasmuch as the Company
does not have an audit committee, the Company s board of directors performs the functions of its audit committee. Section
10A(i) of the 1934 Act prohibits our auditors from performing audit services for us as well as any services not considered to be
 audit services unless such services are pre-approved by the board of directors (in lieu of the audit committee) or
unless the services meet certain de minimis standards. 

The board of directors
has adopted resolutions that provide that the board must: 

Pre-approve all audit services that the
auditor may provide to us or any subsidiary (including, without limitation, providing comfort letters in connection with securities
underwritings or statutory audits) as required by 10A(i)(1)(A) of the 1934 Act. 

Pre-approve all non-audit services (other
than certain de minimis services described in 10A(i)(1)(B) of the 1934 Act that the auditors propose to provide to
us or any of its subsidiaries. 

The board of directors
considers at each of its meetings whether to approve any audit services or non-audit services. In some cases, management may present
the request; in other cases, the auditors may present the request. The board of directors approved EKS H performing our audit
for the 2010 fiscal year and approved EKS H performing our audit for the 2011 fiscal year. 

67 

PART IV. 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
 No. 

Title 

2.01 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated June 24, 2010 (1) 
 
 3.01 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Aspen Exploration Corporation. (2) 
 
 3.02 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. (3) 
 
 10.01 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Michael D. Herman. (3) 
 
 10.02 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Rick Kasch. (3) 
 
 10.03 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Bob Maughmer. (4) 
 
 10.04 
 
 2008 Equity Plan. (5) 
 
 10.05 
 
 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. (3) 
 
 10.06 
 
 Business Loan Agreement with Great Western Bank. (3) 
 
 10.07 
 
 Business Loan Agreement with Great Western Bank. (3) 
 
 10.08 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (3) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Whistleblower Policy. (3) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Enservco Corporation. (3) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, (Principal Executive Officer). 

 Filed herewith. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Principal Financial Officer). 

 Filed herewith. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
(Chief Executive Officer). Filed herewith. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002 
(Chief Financial Officer). Filed herewith. 

(1) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 24, 2010 and filed on the same date. 

(2) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 30, 2010, and filed on January 4, 2011. 

(3) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 27, 2010, and filed on July 28, 2010. 

(4) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 6, 2010, and filed on September 13, 2010. 

(5) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 27, 2008, and filed on March 10, 2008. 

(6) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011, and filed on August 15, 2011. 

68 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 29, 2012 

ENSERVCO CORPORATION, 

a Delaware Corporation 

/s/ Michael D. Herman 

Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ Rick D. Kasch 

Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

Pursuant to the requirement
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Date 
 
 Name and Title 
 
 Signature 

March 29, 2012 
 
 Michael D. Herman 
 
 /s/ Michael D. Herman 

Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer), and Chairman of the Board 

March 29, 2012 
 
 Rick D. Kasch 
 
 /s/ Rick D. Kasch 

President and 

Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

March 29, 2012 
 
 R.V. Bailey 
 
 /s/ R.V. Bailey 

Director 

March 29, 2012 
 
 Gerard Laheney 
 
 /s/ Gerard Laheney 

Director 

69 

ENSERVCO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 71 

Financial Statements as of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 72 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 73 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity 
 
 74 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 75-76 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 77-101 

70 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Enservco Corporation 

 Denver, Colorado 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of Enservco Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders' equity and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and cash flows for the years then
ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of
internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Enservco Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31,
2011 and 2010, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ Ehrhardt Keefe Steiner Hottman
PC 

March 29, 2012 

 Denver, Colorado 

71 

Enservco Corporation 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2011 
 2010 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 417,005 
 1,637,807 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 4,505,254 
 4,101,331 
 
 Marketable securities 
 150,793 
 365,786 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 593,291 
 315,521 
 
 Inventories 
 549,432 
 300,527 
 
 Income taxes receivable 
 - 
 634,941 
 
 Deferred tax asset 
 187,170 
 20,041 
 
 Total current assets 
 6,402,945 
 7,375,954 

Property and Equipment, net 
 15,171,870 
 14,452,298 
 
 Non-Competition Agreements, net 
 180,000 
 420,000 
 
 Goodwill 
 301,087 
 301,087 
 
 Other Assets 
 64,770 
 71,537 

TOTAL ASSETS 
 22,120,672 
 22,620,876 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 2,954,687 
 2,066,353 
 
 Line of credit borrowings 
 2,263,227 
 1,050,000 
 
 Current portion of long-term debt 
 3,867,658 
 3,107,122 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 9,085,572 
 6,223,475 

Long-Term Liabilities 

Deferred rent payable 
 22,044 
 - 
 
 Subordinated debt related party 
 1,477,760 
 1,700,000 
 
 Long-term debt, less current portion 
 8,020,435 
 8,657,675 
 
 Deferred income taxes, net 
 387,487 
 1,434,282 
 
 Total long-term liabilities 
 9,907,726 
 11,791,957 
 
 Total liabilities 
 18,993,298 
 18,015,432 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity 

Common and preferred stock. .005 par value 

Authorized: 100,000,000 common shares and 10,000,000 preferred shares 

Issued: 21,882,466 common shares and -0- preferred shares 

Treasury Stock: 103,600 common shares 

Issued and outstanding: 21,778,866 common shares and -0- preferred shares each at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010 
 108,894 
 108,894 
 
 Additional paid-in-capital 
 6,112,674 
 5,489,823 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (3,117,267 
 (1,150,011 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 23,073 
 156,738 
 
 Total stockholders equity 
 3,127,374 
 4,605,444 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 22,120,672 
 22,620,876 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

72 

Enservco Corporation 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2011 
 2010 

Revenues 
 24,670,671 
 18,641,286 

Cost of Revenue 
 18,681,469 
 14,422,412 

Gross Profit 
 5,989,202 
 4,218,874 

Operating Expenses 

General and administrative expenses 
 3,515,213 
 2,540,859 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 4,699,640 
 3,992,367 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 8,214,853 
 6,533,226 

Loss from Operations 
 (2,225,651 
 (2,314,352 
 
 Other Expense 

Interest expense 
 (706,944 
 (728,241 
 
 Loss on disposals of equipment 
 (119,023 
 (71,003 
 
 Gain on sale of investments 
 - 
 188,186 
 
 Other (expense) income 
 (49,765 
 153,557 
 
 Total other expense 
 (875,732 
 (457,501 

Loss Before Income Tax Benefit 
 (3,101,383 
 (2,771,853 

Income Tax Benefit 
 1,134,127 
 926,188 

Net Loss 
 (1,967,256 
 (1,845,665 

Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

Unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale securities, net of tax 
 (133,665 
 156,738 

Comprehensive Loss 
 (2,100,921 
 (1,688,927 

Earnings per Common Share Basic and Diluted 

Loss Per Common Share 
 (0.09 
 (0.10 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding (presented on an equivalent basis for December 31, 2010) 
 21,778,866 
 17,641,876 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

73 

Enservco Corporation 

 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders 
Equity 

Common Stock 
 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Total 
 Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Par Value 
 APIC 
 Members Equity 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 Equity 

Balance at January 1, 2010 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,080,423 
 - 
 - 
 3,080,423 

Net loss 

(1,845,665 
 
 (1,845,665 
 
 Unrealized
 gain on marketable securities, net of taxes of 100,210 

156,738 
 156,738 
 
 Comprehensive loss 

(1,688,927 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

342,277 

342,277 
 
 Issuance of warrants 

81,771 

81,771 
 
 Consolidation of Aspen due to
 Merger Transaction 
 21,778,866 
 108,894 
 5,065,775 
 (3,080,423 
 695,654 
 - 
 2,789,900 

Balance at December 31, 2010 
 21,778,866 
 108,894 
 5,489,823 
 - 
 (1,150,011 
 156,738 
 4,605,444 

Net loss 

(1,967,256 
 
 (1,967,256 
 
 Unrealized
 loss on marketable securities, net of taxes of 81,327 

(133,665 
 (133,665 
 
 Comprehensive loss 

(2,100,921 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

576,498 

576,498 
 
 Issuance of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 46,353 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 46,353 

Balance at December
 31, 2011 
 21,778,866 
 108,894 
 6,112,674 
 - 
 (3,117,267 
 23,073 
 3,127,374 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

74 

Enservco Corporation 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2011 
 2010 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 
 (1,967,256 
 (1,845,665 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 
 4,699,640 
 3,992,367 
 
 Loss on disposal of equipment 
 119,023 
 71,003 
 
 Deferred income taxes 
 (1,132,597 
 (1,256,931 
 
 Unrealized gain on derivatives 
 - 
 (140,733 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 576,498 
 342,277 
 
 Issuance of warrants 
 46,353 
 81,771 
 
 Sales of trading securities 
 - 
 70,000 
 
 Bad debt (recoveries) expense 
 (84,691 
 90,799 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 
 (319,232 
 (2,060,537 
 
 Income taxes receivable 
 634,941 
 16,407 
 
 Inventories 
 (248,905 
 9,400 
 
 Prepaids and other current assets 
 (277,769 
 (11,931 
 
 Other non-current assets 
 6,767 
 (83,360 
 
 Related party payables 
 - 
 (199,995 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 888,333 
 735,088 
 
 Deferred rent payable 
 22,044 
 - 
 
 Realized gain on trading securities 
 - 
 (32,677 
 
 Net cash provided (used) in operating activities 
 2,963,149 
 (222,717 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 (5,273,646 
 (2,192,610 
 
 Proceeds from sales of equipment 
 257,557 
 276,074 
 
 Purchase of investments 
 - 
 (1,425 
 
 Cash provided through Aspen Merger Transaction 
 - 
 2,898,225 
 
 Sales of available-for-sale securities 
 - 
 336,505 
 
 Net cash (used) provided in investing activities 
 (5,016,089 
 1,316,769 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net line of credit borrowings (repayments) 
 1,213,227 
 (289,507 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
 1,737,500 
 11,353,122 
 
 Repayment of long-term debt 
 (2,118,589 
 (10,668,346 
 
 Net cash provided in financing activities 
 832,138 
 395,269 

Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (1,220,802 
 1,489,321 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period 
 1,637,807 
 148,486 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period 
 417,005 
 1,637,807 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

75 

Enservco Corporation 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(continued) 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2011 
 2010 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information : 

Cash paid for interest 
 741,177 
 736,903 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental Disclosure of Investing and Financing Activities : 

Non-cash commitments entered into for capital leases 
 282,145 
 455,093 
 
 Non-cash contributions from members 
 - 
 548,000 
 
 (Decrease) increase in fair value of available-for-sale securities 
 (214,993 
 395,927 

Net Assets acquired through Aspen Merger Transaction : 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 2,898,225 
 
 Federal income tax receivable 
 
 266,156 
 
 Investments 
 
 244,831 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 
 11,265 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 
 3,420,477 

Property plant and equipment 
 
 424 
 
 Deferred tax asset, non-current 
 
 111,306 
 
 Other Assets 
 
 18,823 
 
 Total Assets 
 
 3,551,030 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 55,194 

Net assets acquired through Aspen Merger Transaction 
 
 3,495,836 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

76 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been derived from the accounting records of Enservco Corporation (formerly Aspen Exploration Corporation),
Heat Waves Hot Oil Services LLC Heat Waves ), Dillco Fluid Service, Inc. Dillco ), Trinidad Housing
LLC, HE Services LLC, Aspen Gold Mining Company, and Real GC LLC (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2011
and 2010 and the results of operations for the years then ended. Any references to Aspen in this report are intended
to provide reference for certain actions and events that took place prior to the Merger Transaction and are included to give context
to the reader. References to Enservco and the Company are intended to apply to the Company as a whole
and on a post Merger Transaction basis. 

The below table provides
an overview of the Company s current ownership hierarchy: 

Name 
 
 State of Formation 
 Ownership 
 Business 
 
 Dillco Fluid Service, Inc. Dillco 
 Kansas 
 100 by Enservco 
 Oil and natural gas field fluid logistic services primarily in the Hugoton Basin in western Kansas and northwestern Oklahoma. 

Heat Waves Hot Oil Services LLC Heat Waves 
 Colorado 
 100 by Dillco 
 Oil and natural gas well services, including logistics and stimulation 

HE Services, LLC HES 
 Nevada 
 100 by Heat Waves 
 No active business operations. Owns construction equipment used by Heat Waves. 

Real GC, LLC Real GC 
 Colorado 
 100 by Heat Waves 
 No active business operations. Owns real property in Garden City, Kansas that is utilized by Heat Waves. 

Trinidad Housing, LLC Trinidad Housing 
 Colorado 
 100 by Dillco. 
 No active business operations. 

Enservco Frac Services, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 by Enservco 
 No active business operations. 

Aspen Gold Mining Company 
 Colorado 
 100 by Enservco 
 No active business operations. 

On July 27, 2010 Dillco
became a wholly owned subsidiary of Aspen (the Merger Transaction ). At the time of the Merger Transaction Aspen was
not engaged in active business operations whereas Dillco conducted operations both directly and through subsidiary entities. 

It should be noted
that because the Merger Transaction closed on July 27, 2010, the results of operations for the period ending December 31, 2010
do not include those of Aspen until July 27, 2010. On December 30, 2010, the Company changed its name from Aspen Exploration Corporation
to Enservco Corporation. 

77 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers
all highly liquid instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company continually
monitors its positions with, and the credit quality of, the financial institutions with which it invests. 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable
are stated at the amount billed to customers. The Company provides a reserve for doubtful accounts based on a review of outstanding
receivables, historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The provision for uncollectible amounts is continually
reviewed and adjusted to maintain the allowance at a level considered adequate to cover future losses. The allowance is management's
best estimate of uncollectible amounts and is determined based on historical performance that is tracked by the Company on an ongoing
basis. The losses ultimately incurred could differ materially in the near term from the amounts estimated in determining the allowance.
As of December 31, 2011 and 2010 the Company has recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts balance of 100,000 and 110,000,
respectively. Also, as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 the Company has recorded bad debt (recoveries) expense of (84,691) and 90,799,
respectively. 

Concentrations 

As of December 31,
2011, one customer comprised 11 of accounts receivable. Revenue from this customer represented 9 of total revenues for the year
ended December 31, 2011. Revenues from another customer represented 12 of total revenues during the year ended December, 31 2011.
Accounts receivable from this customer represented 7 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

As of December 31,
2010, two customers each comprised 12 of accounts receivable and one customer comprised 16 of accounts receivable. Revenue from
these three customers represented 3 , 4 , and 13 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2010, respectively. 

Inventory 

Inventory consists
primarily of diesel fuel and chemicals that are used in the servicing of oil wells and is carried at the lower of cost or market
in accordance with the first in, first out method. The company periodically reviews the value of items
in inventory and provides write-downs or write-offs of inventory based on its assessment of market conditions. Write-downs and
write-offs are charged to cost of goods sold. 

78 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment
consists of (1) trucks, trailers and pickups; (2) trucks that are in various stages of fabrication; (3) real property which includes
land and buildings used for office and shop facilities and wells used for the disposal of water; and (4) other equipment such as
tools used for maintaining and repairing vehicles, office furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment. Property and equipment
is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. The Company charges repairs and maintenance against income when incurred and capitalizes
renewals and betterments, which extend the remaining useful life or expand the capacity of the assets. Depreciation is recorded
on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives of 5 to 30 years. 

Leases 

The Company conducts
a major part of its operations from leased facilities. Each of these leases is accounted for as operating leases. Normally, the
Company records rental expense on its operating leases over the lease term as it becomes payable. If rental payments are not made
on a straight-line basis, per terms of the agreement, the Company records a deferred rent expense and recognizes the rental expense
on a straight-line basis throughout the lease term. The majority of the Company s facility leases contain renewal clauses
and expire through November 2016. In most cases, management expects that in the normal course of business, leases will be renewed
or replaced by other leases. 

The
Company has entered into several capital leases in order to acquire trucks and equipment.
Each of these leases allow the Company to retain title of the equipment leased through the lease agreements upon final payment
of all principal and interest due. The Company records the assets and liabilities associated with these leases at the present value
of the minimum lease payments per the lease agreement. The assets and associated liabilities are separately disclosed within Note
7. The assets are classified as Property and Equipment and the liabilities are classified as current and long-term liabilities
based on the contractual terms of the agreements and their associated maturities. 

Long-Lived Assets 

The Company reviews
its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset
may not be recovered. The Company looks primarily to the undiscounted future cash flows in its assessment of whether or not long-lived
assets have been impaired. No impairments were recorded during the periods ended December 31, 2011 or 2010. 

Earnings Per Share 

Earnings per share
is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings
per share is calculated by dividing net income by the diluted weighted average number of common shares. The diluted weighted average
number of common shares is computed using the treasury stock method for common stock that may be issued for outstanding stock options
and warrants. 

79 

As of December 31,
2011 and 2010, the Company had outstanding Stock-based Option Awards and Warrants to acquire an aggregate of 3,490,000 and 2,550,000
shares of Company common stock, respectively, which have a potentially dilutive impact on earnings per share. Dilution is not permitted
if there are net losses during the period. As such, the Company does not show dilutive earnings per share for the years ended December
31, 2011 and 2010. 

Intangible Assets 

Non-Competition Agreements 

The non-competition
agreements with the sellers of Heat Waves, Hot Oil Express, and Dillco have finite lives and are being amortized over the five-year
contractual periods (Note 5). The Dillco non-competition agreement was written off in June 2009 upon the death of the contracted
party. Amortization expense is expected to be recognized through June 2013. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill represents
the excess of the cost over the fair value of net assets acquired, including identified intangible assets, recorded in connection
with the acquisitions of Heat Waves. Goodwill is not amortized but is assessed for impairment at least annually. No impairment
charge was recorded during the periods ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. 

Impairment 

The Company assesses
goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and between
annual tests if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value below its carrying amount.
Guidance requires that the impairment test be performed through the application of a two-step fair value test. The Company utilizes
this two-step method and recognizes a goodwill impairment loss in the event that the fair value of the reporting unit does not
exceed its carrying value. During fiscal years ending December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company performed the annual impairment test
as of the date ending at each of these fiscal years and determined in both fiscal years that no impairment existed. 

Marketable Securities 

The Company determines
the appropriate classification of its investments in debt and equity securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates such determinations
at each balance sheet date. Equity securities are classified as held to maturity when the Company has the positive intent and ability
to hold the securities to maturity. Equity securities for which the Company does not have the intent or ability to hold to maturity
are classified as available for sale. Held-to-maturity securities are recorded as either short term or long term on the Balance
Sheet, based on contractual maturity date and are stated at amortized cost. Equity securities that are bought and held principally
for the purpose of selling them in the near term are classified as trading securities and are reported at fair value, with unrealized
gains and losses recognized in earnings. Equity securities not classified as held to maturity or as trading, are classified as
available for sale, and are carried at fair market value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, included in the determination
of comprehensive income and reported in stockholders equity. 

80 

The fair value of substantially
all securities is determined by quoted market prices. The estimated fair value of securities for which there are no quoted market
prices is based on similar types of securities that are traded in the market. See Note 10. 

In July 2010, the Company
transferred all of its trading investments for Dillco to the available-for-sale category. Management determined that it did not
have the positive intent to buy or hold the securities for the principal purpose of selling them in the near term nor was the Company s
primary business involved in the active trading of securities. See Note 10 for further discussion. 

Loan Fees and Other Deferred Costs 

In the normal course
of business, the Company often enters into loan agreements with their primary lending institutions. The majority of these lending
agreements require origination fees and other fees in the course of executing the agreements. For all costs associated with the
execution of the lending agreements, the Company recognizes these as capitalized costs and amortizes these costs to interest expense
over the term of the loan agreement. These deferred costs are classified on the balance sheet as current or long-term assets based
on the contractual terms of the loan agreements. All other costs not associated with the execution of the loan agreements are expensed
as incurred. 

Deferred Rent Liability 

The Company recognizes
rent expense on a straight-line basis over the life of the rental agreement. Deferred rent liability is recognized as the difference
between rent expense recorded and actual cash payments made and is recorded as a Long-Term Liability as a separate line item on
the accompanying consolidated Balance Sheet. As of December 31, 2011 deferred rent liability totaled 22,044. The Company did not
have a deferred rent liability as of December 31, 2010. 

Income Taxes 

Enservco LLC (which
served as the holding company for the Company s various operating entities until the time of the Merger Transaction in July
2010) and its subsidiaries, with the exception of Dillco (which is a C Corporation subject to federal and state income taxes),
are limited liability companies and prior to January 1, 2010 were not subject to federal or state income taxes. On January 1, 2010
Enservco LLC elected to be taxed as a corporation. Therefore, prior to January 1, 2010 no provision or liability for income taxes
has been included in the accompanying financial statements, except for income taxes relating to the financial statements of Dillco
and Enservco (the current parent (or holding) company for the Company s operations and assets). 

The
Company recognizes deferred tax liabilities and assets Note 12 based on the differences between
the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements that will result in taxable or deductible
amounts in future years. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax
rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities will be recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred
income taxes are classified as a net current or non-current asset or liability based on the classification of the related asset
or liability for financial reporting purposes. A deferred tax asset or liability that is not related to an asset or
liability for financial reporting is classified according to the expected reversal date. The Company records a valuation
allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that it believes is more likely than not expected to be realized. 

81 

The Company accounts
for any uncertainty in income taxes by recognizing the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than
not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.
The Company measures the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position based on the largest benefit
that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. The application of income tax law is inherently
complex. Laws and regulations in this area are voluminous and are often ambiguous. As such, the Company is required to make
many subjective assumptions and judgments regarding income tax exposures. Interpretations of and guidance surrounding income tax
law and regulations change over time and may result in changes to the Company s subjective assumptions and judgments which
can materially affect amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of income. The result of
the reassessment of the Company s tax positions did not have an impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

Interest and penalties
associated with tax positions are recorded in the period assessed as general and administrative expenses. No interest or penalties
have been assessed as of December 31, 2011 or 2010. The Company files income tax returns in the United States and in the states
in which it conducts its business operations. The tax years 2008 through 2010 remain open to examination in the taxing jurisdictions
to which the Company is subject. 

Fair Value 

The Company follows
authoritative guidance that applies to all financial assets and liabilities required to be measured and reported on a fair value
basis. The Company also applies the guidance to non-financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis,
including non-competition agreements and goodwill. The guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell
an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. The Company did not change any of its valuation techniques during the year ended December 31, 2011. The guidance
establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use
of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. 

Observable inputs are
inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources
independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s assumptions of what market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best information available in the circumstances. The financial and nonfinancial
assets and liabilities are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

The hierarchy is broken down into three
levels based on the reliability of the inputs as follows: 

Level 1: Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities; 

Level 2: Quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and
liabilities that are observable for the asset or liability; or 

Level 3: Unobservable pricing inputs that are generally less observable
from objective sources, such as discounted cash flow models or valuations. 

82 

Stock-based Compensation 

The Company accounts
for stock-based compensation in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 718, Stock Compensation ASC 718 ), which requires companies to recognize compensation expense for the share-based payments based on the estimated
fair value of the awards. The effect of this guidance is described in Note 14. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes
revenue when evidence of an arrangement exists, the fee is determinable, and services are provided
and collection is reasonably assured. 

Management Estimates 

The preparation of
the Company s financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Accounting Pronouncements 

Recently Adopted Accounting Guidance 

In
May 2011, the FASB issued ASU No. 2011-04, Amendments to Achieve Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements
in U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS ). This pronouncement was issued to provide
a consistent definition of fair value and ensure that the fair value measurement and disclosure requirements are similar between
U.S. GAAP and IFRS. ASU 2011-04 changes certain fair value measurement principles and changes the disclosure requirements to include
quantitative information about unobservable inputs used for Level 3 fair value measurements. This pronouncement is effective for
reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2011 (early adoption is prohibited). The Company evaluated the potential impact
of adopting this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows, and disclosures and noted
that this guidance had no affect on the consolidated financial statements as the Company currently does not hold any Level
3 assets or liabilities nor has the Company historically purchased or assumed Level 3 assets or liabilities which represent a significant
component of total assets or liabilities. 

In
June 2011, the FASB issued ASU No. 2011-05, Presentation of Comprehensive Income. ASU 2011-05 eliminates the option
to report other comprehensive income and its components in the statement of changes in stockholders equity and requires
an entity to present the total of comprehensive income, the components of net income and the components of other comprehensive
income either in a single continuous statement or in two separate but consecutive statements. This pronouncement is effective for
fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2011 (early adoption is permitted). The
Company has evaluated the impact of adopting this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash
flows, and disclosures and concludes that the amended guidance will only require minimal changes to the Company s consolidated
financials. 

83 

Note 3 Reverse Merger and
Acquisition 

On June 24, 2010, Aspen
entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the Agreement with Dillco Fluid Service, Inc. Dillco which set forth the terms by which Dillco merged with a subsidiary of Aspen (the Merger Transaction ). The Merger
Transaction closed on July 27, 2010, and resulted in Dillco becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

As part of the Merger
Transaction, Aspen issued 14,519,244 shares of its common stock to the shareholders of Dillco, in exchange for all of the issued
and outstanding shares of Dillco (7,259,622 shares). 

The Merger Transaction
was treated as a reverse acquisition for accounting purposes. In a reverse acquisition, although Aspen was considered
to be the legal acquirer (that is, Aspen (now known as Enservco) survived as the parent corporation), Dillco was
the accounting acquirer (that is because Dillco s and its subsidiaries business was undeniably the more
significant business). As a result, Dillco s financial statements became the financial statements of the surviving company.
Aspen s financial condition is additive to Dillco s financial statements for the period following the Merger Transaction. 

Effective with the
agreement, the Company s stockholders equity was recapitalized as that of Aspen, or 72,596 from Dillco and 36,298
from Aspen for a total of 108,894, while 100 of the assets and liabilities of Aspen were recorded as being acquired in the reverse
acquisition. See below for the Aspen net assets acquired by Dillco through the reverse merger acquisition: 

Net Assets acquired through Aspen Merger Transaction : 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 2,898,225 
 
 Federal income tax receivable 
 266,156 
 
 Investments 
 244,831 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 11,265 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 3,420,477 

Property plant and equipment 
 424 
 
 Deferred tax asset, non-current 
 111,306 
 
 Other Assets 
 18,823 
 
 Total Assets 
 3,551,030 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 55,194 

Net assets acquired through Aspen Merger Transaction 
 3,495,836 

84 

The accompanying financial
statements exclude the financial position, results of operations, and cash flows of Aspen prior to the July 27, 2010 acquisition.
If Aspen s activity for 2010 is presented, and its net loss of 402,837) for the period from January 1, 2010 through July
26, 2010 is combined with the Company s net loss of 1,845,665) for 2010, the pro forma results are as follows: 

Proforma Information (presented for the
year ended December 31, 2010) 

2010 
 
 Proforma Revenues 
 18,641,286 

Proforma Net Income (Loss) 
 (2,248,502 

Income (Loss) Per Common Share Basic and Diluted 
 (0.13 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 
 17,641,876 

Note 4 Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income 

Accumulated other comprehensive income for
the years ending December 31, 2011 and 2010, consists of net unrealized losses and gains, respectively, on available-for-sale securities. 

Changes in accumulated other comprehensive
income for the periods presented, are as follows: 

2011 
 2010 

Accumulated other comprehensive income, January 1 
 156,738 
 - 
 
 Net unrealized (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes of 81,327 and 159,969, respectively 
 (133,665 
 250,207 
 
 Less: reclassification adjustment for gains realized in net income 
 - 
 (93,469 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income, December 31 
 23,073 
 156,738 

Note 5 - Non-Competition Agreements 

Non-competition agreements consist of the
following as of December 31, 2011 and 2010: 

Non-competition agreements - net, at January 1, 2010 
 660,000 
 
 Amortization for the year ended December 31, 2010 
 (240,000 
 
 Non-competition agreements - net, at December 31, 2010 
 420,000 
 
 Amortization for the year ended December 31, 2011 
 (240,000 
 
 Non-competition agreements - net, at December 31, 2011 
 180,000 

Amortization expense
for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 totaled 240,000 for each year. 

85 

Amortization expense
on these non-competition agreements for each of the next two years will be as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2012 
 150,000 
 
 2013 
 30,000 

Total 
 180,000 

Note 6 - Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment consists of the
following at: 

December 31, 

2011 
 2010 

Trucks and vehicles 
 22,050,564 
 17,957,278 
 
 Other equipment 
 2,888,663 
 2,807,165 
 
 Buildings and improvements 
 2,947,305 
 1,717,618 
 
 Trucks in process 
 852,975 
 1,287,536 
 
 Capitalized truck leases 
 455,093 
 455,093 
 
 Land 
 701,420 
 521,420 
 
 Disposal wells 
 620,104 
 590,802 
 
 Total property and equipment 
 30,516,124 
 25,336,912 
 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 (15,344,254 
 (10,884,614 

Property and equipment - net 
 15,171,870 
 14,452,298 

Depreciation expense
for the year ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 totaled 4,459,640 and 3,717,522, respectively. 

Note 7 Commitments and Contingencies 

The Company leases
six facilities under lease commitments that expire through November 2016. Future minimum lease commitments are as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2012 
 217,817 
 
 2013 
 174,566 
 
 2014 
 148,814 
 
 2015 
 150,563 
 
 2016 
 100,926 

Total 
 792,686 

86 

In September and October
2010, the Company entered into capital leases for five water transport units (each unit includes one truck and one trailer), which
have been included in Property and Equipment (Note 6) and are summarized in the table below: 

Capitalized Trucks 
 218,807 
 
 Capitalized Trailers 
 236,286 
 
 Total Capital Leases 
 455,093 
 
 Less: Accumulated Depreciation 
 (83,383 
 
 Net Assets Under Capital Leases 
 371,710 

The following is a
summary of the future minimum lease payments under capital leases, together with the present value of the net minimum lease payments
as of December 31, 2011: 

Year
 Ended
 December
 31, 
 Minimum Lease Payments 
 
 2012 
 171,332 
 
 2013 
 63,484 
 
 2014 
 - 
 
 Total minimum lease payments 
 234,816 
 
 Less: Interest 
 (7,916 
 
 Net minimum lease payments 
 226,900 
 
 Less: Current portion 
 (164,592 
 
 Long-term portion of net minimum lease payments 
 62,308 

Note 8 Debt Refinance 

On June 2, 2010, Dillco
entered into two debt agreements with a bank to refinance certain debt obligations owed to a previous lender. 

Term Loan Agreement 

The terms of the first
agreement entered into through the debt refinance, a term loan agreement, include: 

(1) principal amount
of 9,100,000; 

(2) payment of interest
only in monthly installments from July 2010 to June 2011; 

(3) a one-time, 1,000,000 principal
payment due July 2011 (see below for amendments to this term); 

(4) beginning July 2011, fixed
monthly principal and interest installments of 188,700 until June 2015 at which time the remaining principal becomes due (see
below for amendments to this term); 

(5) a variable rate interest
of PRIME plus 1 (not to be less than 5.5 ); 

87 

(6) collateral consists of the
equipment, inventory, and accounts of the Company; 

(7) the obligation is guaranteed
by a person who is both an officer and director of the Company, and the obligation is also guaranteed by Aspen; and 

(8) the loan is subject to certain
financial covenants. 

Amendments to the
Term Loan Agreement . On June 30, 2011, and again on September 30, 2011, the term loan was amended to remove the one-time principal
payment due July 2011 and to change the maturity date of the term loan from June 2015 to March 2015. As part of the amendments,
fixed monthly principal and interest installments were changed from 188,700 to 225,139, effective upon the October 2, 2011 principal
and interest installment. No other terms were affected by these amendments. 

Credit Risks Involved
with the Term Loan Agreement . When the Company negotiated its loan agreements with the bank as part of the June 2, 2010 debt
refinancing discussed above, the bank insisted that they contain cross default provisions so that a default by Michael D. Herman
(the Company s principal stockholder, a director, and chief executive officer) on his personal indebtedness with the bank
would constitute a default on the bank s loans to Dillco. As a result of these cross-default provisions, should Mr. Herman
default on any of the other debt he has through the bank in his personal capacity, the bank could declare Dillco s loans
in default and call upon the Company s guarantee with respect to Dillco s loans (but not Mr. Herman s separate
obligations). Upon an event of default, Dillco might not be able to immediately satisfy its obligations to the bank which would
likely adversely impair the Company s ability to conduct its business operations and pay its other obligations necessary
to maintain its business operations. 

Fees . As part
of the June 2010 debt refinancing the Company incurred 30,030 in origination fees and approximately 19,700 in additional fees
for the issuance of this term loan. Pursuant to the amendments dated June 30, 2011 and September 30, 2011 as discussed above, the
Company incurred no additional origination fees. 

Revolving Line of Credit 

The second loan agreement
pursuant to the Company s debt refinancing on June 2, 2010 consisted of a one year, 2,000,000 revolving line of credit subject
to a borrowing base defined as the lesser of 2,000,000 or 80 of defined eligible accounts receivable. The revolving line of credit
also had a variable rate interest of PRIME plus 1 with a 5.5 floor and was secured with inventory and accounts of the company.
The Company incurred 10,000 in origination fees for the issuance of this line of credit. 

On
May 27, 2011, and again on November 9, 2011, the revolving line of credit was amended to extend the maturity date from June 2011
to October 2012. The amendments also increased the line of credit to 3,000,000 subject to a borrowing base defined as the lesser
of 3,000,000 or 80 of defined eligible accounts receivable. No other terms were affected by these amendments. The Company incurred
an additional 15,000 in origination fees pursuant to the amendments to the revolving line of credit. At December 31, 2011 the
outstanding balance on the revolving line of credit was 2,263,277. 

88 

Note 9 Long-Term Debt 

Long-term debt consists of the following
at December 31, 2011 and 2010: 

December 31, 

2011 
 2010 

Term Loan entered into as part of the debt refinancing in June 2010 with an original principal balance
of 9.1 million, payable in monthly interest only payments from July 2010 to June 2011 with fixed monthly principal and interest
installments of 225,139 beginning July 2011 until March 2015. Interest at Prime plus 1 with a 5.5 floor (5.5 at December 31,
2011), collateralized by equipment, inventory, and accounts of the Company, guaranteed by the subsidiaries and one of the stockholders
of the Company, and subject to financial covenants 
 
 8,050,472 
 9,049,383 

Notes payable to stockholder, subordinated to all bank debt, fixed interest at 3 compounding annually, interest paid in arrears December 31st of each year, due in December 2018. 
 1,477,760 
 1,700,000 

Notes payable to equipment finance companies, interest at 2.97 to 4.74 , due in monthly principal and interest installments through January 2012, secured by equipment. 
 27,753 
 227,273 

Note payable to the seller of Heat Waves. The note was garnished by the Internal Revenue Service IRS in 2009 and is due on demand; payable in monthly installments of 3,000 per agreement with the IRS. 
 350,000 
 386,000 

Mortgage payable to a bank, interest at 8 , due in monthly payments through May 2012 with a balloon payment of 229,198 on June 15, 2012, secured by land, guaranteed by one of the Company s stockholders. 
 242,543 
 276,326 

Note payable to the seller of Hot Oil Express, non-interest bearing, due in annual installments of 100,000 through March 2011, unsecured. Imputed interest is not significant. (The company purchased fixed assets from Hot Oil Express during 2008.) 
 - 
 100,000 

Mortgage payable to a bank, interest at 8 , payable in monthly payments through August 2012 with a balloon payment of 141,707 on September 1, 2012, secured by land. 
 147,631 
 155,980 

Notes payable to a vehicle finance company, interest at fixed rates from 6.19 to 10.25 , due in monthly installments through August 2015, secured by vehicles, guaranteed by one of the stockholders. 
 139,140 
 154,763 

Capital leases entered into with a leasing company in order to purchase trucks and trailers, interest at a fixed rate of 5 . Truck lease term of 24 months, due in monthly installments through September 2012. Trailer lease term of 36 months, payments due in monthly installments through September 2013. 
 226,900 
 411,072 

Equipment Loan entered into with an original principal balance
of 1,000,000, payable in two consecutive interest only payments, beginning 12/23/2010, forty-seven monthly consecutive principal
and interest payments of 23,291, beginning February 23, 2011, and one final principal and interest payment of 23,315 due on January
23, 2015. Interest at Prime plus 1 with a 5.5 floor (5.5 at December 31, 2011), collateralized by equipment purchased with the
equipment loan, guaranteed by the subsidiaries and stockholders of the Company, subject to financial covenants. 
 
 789,975 
 1,000,000 

89 

December 31, 

2011 
 2010 
 
 Note payable entered into with a lending institution in order to purchase field pickup trucks, interest at a fixed rate of 8.05 . Term of 60 months, due in monthly installments of 4,688 through September 2016 
 221,213 
 - 

Equipment Loan entered into with an original
 principal balance of 152,303, payable in forty-seven monthly consecutive principal and interest payments of 3,548,
 beginning September 1, 2011, and one final principal and interest payment of 3,548 due on August 1, 2015. Interest at
 Prime plus 1 with a 5.5 floor (5.5 at December 31, 2011), collateralized by equipment purchased with the equipment loan, guaranteed by the
 subsidiaries and one of the stockholders of the Company, subject to financial covenants 
 140,873 
 - 

Equipment Loan entered into with an original
 principal balance of 410,642, payable in forty-seven monthly consecutive principal and interest payments of 9,565,
 beginning on October 13, 2011, and one final principal and interest payment of 9,565 due on September 13, 2015. 
 Interest at Prime plus 1 with a 5.5 floor (5.5 at December 31, 2011), collateralized by equipment purchased with the equipment loan, guaranteed by
 the subsidiaries and one of the stockholders of the Company, subject to financial covenants 
 387,044 
 - 

Equipment Loan entered into with an original
 principal balance of 452,795, payable in forty-seven monthly consecutive principal and interest payments of 10,547,
 beginning on December 9, 2011, and one final principal and interest payment of 10,030 due on November 9, 2015. 
 Interest at Prime plus 1 with a 5.5 floor (5.5 at December 31, 2011), collateralized by equipment purchased with the equipment loan, guaranteed by
 the subsidiaries and one of the stockholders of the Company, subject to financial covenants. This note is part of a
 1.5 million Guidance Line extended by the Company s primary lender 
 443,909 
 - 

Real Estate Loan for a facility in North Dakota
 entered into with an original principal balance of 678,750, payable in two payment streams; the first payment stream
 requires six monthly consecutive interest only payments beginning December 16, 2011, and the second payment stream requires
 one-hundred and twenty monthly consecutive principal and interest payments of 7,140 beginning on June 16, 2012 and ending
 May 16, 2022. Interest is calculated differently for each of the payment streams; interest for payment stream one is
 5.0 , and interest for payment stream two is Prime plus 3.5 with a 4.75 floor (4.75 at December 31, 2011). Loan is collateralized by land and
 property purchased with the loan, guaranteed by the subsidiaries and one of the stockholders of the Company, subject to
 financial covenants. This note is part of a 1.5 million Guidance Line extended by the Company s primary
 lender 
 678,750 
 - 

Note payable entered into with a lending institution in order to purchase equipment, interest at a fixed rate of 8.2 . Truck lease term of 60 months, due in monthly installments through January 2017 
 41,890 
 - 

Other notes payable 
 - 
 4,000 
 
 Total 
 13,365,853 
 13,464,797 
 
 Less current portion 
 (3,867,658 
 (3,107,122 
 
 Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 9,498,195 
 10,357,675 

90 

Aggregate maturities of debt are as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2012 
 3,867,658 
 
 2013 
 3,142,942 
 
 2014 
 3,251,989 
 
 2015 
 1,099,695 
 
 2016 
 117,188 
 
 Thereafter 
 1,886,381 
 
 Total 
 13,365,853 

Covenant Compliance 

At
December 31, 2011, the Company did not meet some of the financial covenants imposed by the loan agreements which resulted in an
Event of Default under the loan documents. Great Western Bank has waived the effect of this Event of Default and has agreed to
modify the debt covenants of the loan agreements for future reporting periods for those covenants which were in default at December
31, 2011. 

Note 10 Marketable Securities 

Available-for-sale securities 

As discussed in Note
2, in July 2010 the Company transferred all of its trading investments for Dillco to the available-for-sale category. The securities
transferred had a total amortized cost of 65,000, fair value of 61,533, sales of securities of 70,000 during 2010, and unrealized
gross gains and (losses) of 69,370 and (2,837), respectively, at the time of the transfer. 

Available-for-sale
securities, classified as other current assets, is as follows at December 31, 2011 and 2010: 

December 31, 2011 

Amortized Cost 
 Unrealized Gains in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Unrealized Losses in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Sales of Securities 
 Fair Value 

Available-for-sale securities 
 365,786 
 83,817 
 (298,810 
 - 
 150,793 

December 31, 2010 

Amortized Cost 
 Unrealized Gains in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Unrealized Losses in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Sales of Securities 
 Fair Value 

Available-for-sale securities 
 306,364 
 454,090 
 (58,163 
 (336,505 
 365,786 

91 

During the year ended
December 31, 2010, available-for-sale securities were sold for total proceeds of 332,200. The gross realized gains on these sales
totaled 154,084. For purpose of determining gross realized gains, the cost of securities sold is based on specific identification.
Net unrealized holding (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities in the amount of (214,993) and 395,927 for the years ended
December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, have been included in accumulated other comprehensive income. 

Trading securities 

The composition of
trading securities, classified as other current assets, is as follows at December 31, 2010 (only shown for fiscal year 2010 due
to reclassification in of securities from trading to available-for sale 2010 as noted herein): 

December 31, 2010 

Cost 
 Fair Value 

Trading securities 
 - 
 - 

Investment income from
trading securities for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 consists of the following: 

December 31, 

2011 
 2010{a} 

Purchase of Investments - Reinvested Dividends 
 - 
 1,425 
 
 Net realized holding gains 
 - 
 32,677 
 
 Total Investment (Loss) Income 
 - 
 34,102 

{a} Note: The marketable securities for
Dillco were transferred from Trading to Available-for-Sale category in July 2010. As such, the investment income balances for the
year ended December 31, 2010 noted herein are for the period up through the transfer date. 

Note 11 - Fair Value Measurements 

The following tables
present the Company s financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis by level
within the fair value hierarchy: 

December 31, 2011 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 

Available-for-sale Securities 

Equity Securities industrial metals and minerals 
 85,900 
 - 
 - 
 85,900 
 
 Mutual Fund bonds international 
 64,893 
 - 
 - 
 64,893 
 
 Total 
 150,793 
 - 
 - 
 150,793 

December 31, 2010 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 

Marketable Securities 
 365,786 
 - 
 - 
 365,786 
 
 Interest rate swap liability 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 365,786 
 - 
 - 
 365,786 

92 

Level 3 Reconciliation 

As of December 31,
2010 the Company had disposed of all of its derivative financial instruments (interest rate swaps) as part of the debt refinancing
on June 2, 2010 as discussed in Note 8. However, as general financial reporting guidelines require the Company to show a reconciliation
of all financial assets and liabilities classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, the Company s interest rate swaps
(Level 3) consist of the following: 

Level 3 

Balance, January 1, 2010 
 140,733 
 
 Change in value 
 (140,733 

Balance, December 31, 2010 
 - 

Note 12 Income Taxes 

During and before the
2009 calendar (and fiscal) year, Enservco LLC and some of its subsidiaries had elected to be treated as limited liability companies
for income tax purposes. Accordingly, all taxable income and losses for these entities are reported in the respective income tax
returns of the member and no provision for income taxes has been recorded in the accompanying financial statements. Subsidiaries
taxed as corporations, however, do record a provision for income taxes. 

Pursuant to a reorganization
of the Company (prior to the Merger Transaction), effective as of December 31, 2009, the ownership of Heat Waves, Trinidad Housing,
Real GC and certain assets of HNR LLC HNR , deconsolidated as of December 31, 2009) were contributed to Dillco. Since
Dillco is a C Corporation, this reorganization effectively resulted in a conversion from a limited liability corporation to a C
Corporation for the entities and the assets of HNR. Accordingly, the corresponding net deferred tax liabilities of Dillco were
recorded as liabilities of the Company with a corresponding increase in deferred income tax expense. 

Also, pursuant to the
Merger Transaction with Aspen (a C Corporation) at July 27, 2010, the Company has recorded all net deferred tax assets contributed
by Aspen as part of the Merger Transaction as an increase in the deferred income tax benefit. 

The Company classifies
penalty and interest expense related to income tax liabilities as an income tax expense. There are no interest and penalties recognized
in the statement of operations or accrued on the balance sheet. 

The Company files tax
returns in the United States, in the states of Colorado, Kansas, North Dakota, Pennsylvania and Utah. The tax years 2008 through
2010 remain open to examination in the taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. 

93 

Income tax benefit
attributable to loss before income taxes for the years presented consists of: 

December 31, 

2011 
 2010 
 
 Current 

Federal 
 - 
 - 
 
 State 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Deferred 

Federal 
 (988,727 
 (807,446 
 
 State 
 (145,400 
 (118,742 

(1,134,127 
 (926,188 

Benefit from income taxes 
 (1,134,127 
 (926,188 

Total income tax benefit
from continuing operations differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of 34 to loss before
taxes. The reasons for this difference for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 are as follows: 

December 31, 

2011 
 2010 

Computed expected tax benefit 
 (1,054,470 
 (926,449 

Increase (reduction) in income taxes resulting from: 

State and local income taxes, net of federal impact 
 (155,070 
 (136,242 
 
 Deferred Tax Liabilities due to Change in Tax Status 
 - 
 105,752 
 
 Stock compensation adjustment 
 96,629 

Other 
 (21,216 
 30,751 

Benefit from income taxes 
 (1,134,127 
 (926,188 

In assessing the realization
of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income
during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred
tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. 

Based upon the level
of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible,
management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences. The
amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable
income during the carryforward period are reduced. 

94 

The components of deferred
income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 are as follows: 

December 31, 2011 
 December 31, 2010 

Current 
 Long-Term 
 Current 
 Long-Term 
 
 Deferred tax assets 

Reserves and accruals 
 215,222 
 - 
 134,244 
 - 
 
 Amortization 
 - 
 229,974 
 - 
 175,402 
 
 Capital losses 
 - 
 8,325 
 - 
 8,324 
 
 FAS 123R - Accrued NSO Expense 
 - 
 384,124 
 - 
 335,336 
 
 Net operating losses 
 - 
 534,830 
 - 
 434,856 

215,222 
 1,157,253 
 134,244 
 953,918 
 
 Less: Valuation Allowance 
 - 
 - 
 (13,993 
 (100,007 

Total deferred tax assets 
 215,222 
 1,157,253 
 120,251 
 853,911 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Depreciation 
 - 
 (1,544,740 
 - 
 (2,288,193 
 
 Acquired intangible assets 
 (28,052 
 - 
 (100,210 
 - 

Total deferred tax liabilities 
 (28,052 
 (1,544,740 
 (100,210 
 (2,288,193 

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
 187,170 
 (387,487 
 20,041 
 (1,434,282 

As of December 31,
2011 and 2010, the Company had a valuation allowance of -0- and 114,000, respectively. 

As of December 31,
2011, the Company had Federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 1.1 million to reduce future taxable income, which
expire after 2029. 

We have a requirement
of reporting of taxes based on tax positions which meet a more likely than not standard and which are measured at the amount that
is more likely than not to be realized. Differences between financial and tax reporting which do not meet this threshold
are required to be recorded as unrecognized tax benefits. This standard also provides guidance on the presentation of
tax matters and the recognition of potential IRS interest and penalties. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company does not
have an unrecognized tax liability. 

95 

Note 13 Warrants 

2010 Warrants 

On July 28, 2010, the
Company entered into an agreement with an investor relations firm and as part of the compensation paid to this firm, pursuant to
that agreement, granted each of the principals of the firm a warrant to purchase 112,500 shares of the Company s common stock
(a total of 225,000 shares). The warrants are exercisable at 0.49 per share for a four year term. Each of the warrants may be
exercised on a cashless basis. The warrants also provide that subject to various conditions, the holders have piggy-back registration
rights with respect to the shares of common stock that may be acquired upon the exercise of the warrants. 

The fair value of each
warrant is estimated on the date of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The grants issued in 2010 were valued
using the following weighted average assumptions: no dividend yield, expected volatility of 96.4 , risk free interest rate of 1.07 
and term of 4 years. Expected volatility was calculated based upon actual historical stock price movements over the most recent
periods through the date of issuance, equal to the contractual warrant term. The warrant term was based on the life of the warrant
as stated on the warrant agreement. With a stock price of 0.53 on the date of issuance, these warrants had a grant date fair-value
of 0.36 per share. These warrants are classified as equity instruments on the balance sheet at December 31, 2011. 

As of December 31,
2010 the Company recognized expense (through operating expense as general and administrative expense) of 81,771 on these warrants. 

2011 Warrants 

On May 9, 2011, Enservco
entered into an agreement with a financial advisor and as part of the compensation paid pursuant to that agreement granted the
advisor a warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The warrants are exercisable at 0.77 per share
for a five year term. The warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. The warrants also provide that subject to various conditions,
the holders have piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock that may be acquired upon the exercise
of the warrants. 

The fair value of each
warrant is estimated on the date of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The grants issued in 2011 were valued
using the following weighted average assumptions: no dividend yield, expected volatility of 102.8 , risk free interest rate of
1.84 and term of 5 years. Expected volatility was calculated based upon actual historical stock price movements over the most
recent periods through the date of issuance, equal to the contractual warrant term. The warrant term was based on the life of the
warrant as stated on the warrant agreement. With a stock price of 0.63 on the date of issuance, these warrants had a fair-value
of 0.46 per share. These warrants are classified as equity instruments on the balance sheet at December 31, 2011. 

As of December 31,
2011 the Company recognized expense (through operating expense as general and administrative expense) of 46,353 on these warrants. 

96 

Note 14 Stockholder s
Equity 

2010 Option Plan 

On July 27, 2010 the
Company s Board of Directors adopted the Aspen Exploration 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2010 Plan ). The aggregate
number of shares of our common stock that may be issued through December 31, 2011 under all equity-based awards made under the
2010 Plan is 3,500,000 shares. The number of shares subject to the 2010 Plan may be reset each year,
commencing January 1, 2012, based on the number of shares of stock then outstanding. As such, at January 1, 2012 the number of
shares of common stock available under the 2010 Plan was reset to 3,266,830 shares; calculated as 15 of the issued and outstanding
shares of common stock (21,778,866 shares) on that date. 

Through December 31,
2011 the Company granted outstanding options to acquire a total of 2,815,000 shares of common stock granted pursuant to the 2010
Plan. A portion of these options are subject to vesting schedules. 

The exercise price
of the options granted under the 2010 Plan was determined based on the terms and conditions within the 2010 Plan. Pursuant to the
2010 Plan, options to acquire an aggregate of 975,000 shares of common stock were granted on the date of the Merger Transaction.
The exercise price of these options was based on the closing sale price of the Company s common stock on the second business
day following the Company reporting the closing of the Merger Transaction. Of these shares, 225,000 shares vested immediately upon
grant and the remaining 750,000 shares vested one-third on the date of grant and the remaining two-thirds over a two year period.
Subsequently, options to acquire 1,875,000 shares of common stock were granted under the 2010 Plan and the exercise price of these
options was based either on the closing sale price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant or the ten day average
closing price of the Company s common stock prior to the grant date. These 1,875,000 shares vest over two to three year periods
with 633,333 shares having vested on the date of grant. Subsequent to issuance of the 1,875,000 shares, 35,000 of these shares
were forfeited. 

The fair value of each
option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The options issued under the 2010
Plan were valued using the following weighted average assumptions: no dividend yield for both periods, expected volatility of 111.1 ,
risk free interest rate of 0.78 , and expected term of 3.2 years. Expected volatility was calculated based upon actual historical
stock price movements over the most recent periods through the date of issuance, equal to the expected option term. Expected pre-vesting
forfeitures were assumed to be zero. The expected option term was calculated using the simplified method. 

As of December 31,
2011 and 2010 the Company recognized expense (through operating expense as general and administrative expense) of 576,498 and
 342,277 on these options, respectively. As of December 31, 2011 the Company had unrecognized
expense of 382,590 associated with these options, which will be recognized over the remaining weighted-average period of 2.3 years.
The options were classified as equity instruments on the balance sheet at December 31, 2011. 

97 

2008 Option Plan 

Through July 27, 2010
Aspen had one equity compensation plan, the 2008 Equity Plan. An aggregate of 1,000,000 common shares were reserved
for issuance under the 2008 Equity Plan and in February 2008 the Board of Directors granted directors and employees options to
acquire 775,000 shares which vested based on meeting certain performance goals, exercisable at 2.14 per share through February
27, 2013. Of these, all but 140,431 had expired or were deemed forfeited as of December 31, 2011 for failure to meet established
performance goals or as a result of a termination of employment. As of December 31, 2011, the Company did not have any unrecognized
expense associated with these options. 

The fair value of each
option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The options issued under the 2008
Equity Plan were valued using the following weighted average assumptions: no dividend yield, expected volatility of 58 , risk free
interest rate of 2.25 and expected term of 3.3 years. Expected volatility was calculated based upon actual historical stock price
movements over the most recent periods through the date of issuance, equal to the expected option term. Expected pre-vesting forfeitures
were assumed to be zero. The expected option term was calculated using the simplified method. 

Pursuant to the 2008
Equity Plan, on February 15, 2010, Aspen s Board of Directors granted options to certain Aspen employees and consultants.
The options were granted to persons who remained with Aspen and had provided (and were then expected to continue to provide) valuable
services to Aspen, and to help align interests of the recipients with those of Aspen and its stockholders. In total, Aspen granted
options to acquire 350,000 shares of its common stock which were exercisable at 0.4125 per share (equal to 125 of the closing
price on the business day after the day Aspen filed its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2009). 

Each of the options
expires on February 15, 2015. All of the options granted vested as a result of the Merger Transaction on July 27, 2010. On July
27, 2010, the Company terminated the 2008 Equity Plan, although such termination did not terminate or otherwise affect the contractual
rights of persons who hold options to acquire common stock under the 2008 Equity Plan. 

As the Merger Transaction
occurred on July 27, 2010, the stock compensation expense associated with these 350,000 options was not recognized by the Company
on its consolidated financial statements; the expense was recognized by Aspen Exploration prior to the merger. 

98 

The following information
summarizes information with respect to options granted under all equity plans: 

Number of Shares 
 Weighted- Average 
 Exercise Price 
 Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value (2) 
 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2010 (1) 
 490,431 
 0.96 
 4.01 

Granted 
 1,975,000 
 0.49 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited or Expired 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding at December 31, 2010 
 2,465,431 
 0.59 
 3.34 

Granted 
 875,000 
 1.03 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited or Expired 
 (35,000 
 0.84 

Outstanding at December 31, 2011 
 3,305,431 
 0.70 
 2.51 
 1,064,876 

Exercisable at June 30, 2010 
 140,431 
 2.24 
 2.57 

Exercisable at December 31, 2010 
 1,298,764 
 0.49 
 3.34 

Exercisable at December 31, 2011 
 2,182,097 
 0.71 
 2.25 
 683,297 

(1) Options prior to the Merger Transaction
on July 27, 2010 were reported on a fiscal year period from July 1 through June 30 

 (2) The aggregate intrinsic value represents
the difference between the exercise price of the options and the value of the Company s stock at the time of exercise or
at the end of the year if unexercised. 

The weighted-average
grant-date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 0.75 was and 0.32, respectively. 

A summary of the status
of nonvested shares underlying the options are presented below: 

Number of 
 Shares 
 Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair 
 Value 
 
 Nonvested at June 30, 2010 (1) 
 350,000 
 0.41 
 
 Granted 
 1,975,000 
 0.32 
 
 Vested 
 (1,158,333 
 0.47 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 

Nonvested at December 31, 2010 
 1,166,667 
 0.32 
 
 Granted 
 875,000 
 0.75 
 
 Vested 
 (883,333 
 0.50 
 
 Forfeited 
 (35,000 
 0.62 

Nonvested at December 31, 2011 
 1,123,334 
 0.48 

(1) Options prior to the Merger Transaction
on July 27, 2010 were reported on a fiscal year period from July 1 through June 30. 

The total fair value
of options granted for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 was 892,500 and 770,250, respectively. The total fair value
of options vested during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 was 901,000 and 451,750, respectively. 

99 

Note 15 Related Party Transactions 

The following sets
forth information regarding transactions between the Company (and its subsidiaries) and its officers, directors and significant
stockholders. Any transactions between Aspen and its officers, directors, and significant stockholders occurring in Aspen s
last two fiscal years prior to the Merger Transaction date was disclosed in Aspen s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal
year ended June 30, 2010. 

Loan Transactions 

1. On
November 21, 2009, Mr. Herman loaned 500,000 to Heat Waves pursuant to the terms of a promissory note (the Heat Waves Note ).
The Heat Waves Note accrues interest at 3 per annum and is due in full by December 31, 2018. As part of loan agreements with the
Company s primary lending institution, Mr. Herman agreed to subordinate the debt represented by this note to all obligations
to the bank. Interest is to be paid annually in arrears, but due to the subordination interest is being accrued to the loan balance.
On October 4, 2011, upon management approval, Mr. Herman received an interest payment in the amount of 27,456 on this loan. As
of December 31, 2011 the accrued interest balance on this loan was 1,393 

2. On
March 31, 2010, Mr. Herman loaned an additional 1,200,000 to Heat Waves pursuant to the terms of a promissory note (the Heat
Waves Note II ). The Heat Waves Note II accrues interest at 3 per annum and is due in full by December 31, 2018. As part
of the loan agreements with the Company s primary lending institution, Mr. Herman agreed to subordinate the debt represented
by this note to all obligations to the bank. Interest is to be paid annually in arrears, but due to the subordination interest
is being accrued to the loan balance. On October 4, 2011 upon management approval Mr. Herman received an interest payment in the
amount of 49,544 on this loan. As of December 31, 2011 the accrued interest balance on this loan was 13,580. 

3. On
July 27, 2010, Enservco (as the parent corporation) became the guarantor of Dillco s indebtedness to the Company s
primary lending institution. 

4. On
July 29, 2011, upon approval by the Board of Directors, Mr. Herman received a principal payment on the subordinated debt in the
amount of 222,240. The entire payment was applied to the principal paydown of the first 500,000 subordinated loan entered into
on November 21, 2009. 

Asset Transfer and Sales; Membership
Interest Transfer and Sales 

1. On
March 1, 2010, Messrs. Herman and Kasch contributed their membership interests in HES to Enservco LLC (being the former holding
company of Dillco and its subsidiaries and related entities). HES owns certain assets that it previously leased to Heat Waves including
a disposal well, trucks and construction equipment. At the time of the transaction Mr. Herman held a 95 membership interest in
HES and Mr. Kasch a 5 membership interest. Further, the membership interests of Enservco LLC were held by Mr. Herman (90 and
Rick Kasch (10 ). Enservco LLC then contributed the HES membership interest to Dillco itself which in turn transferred the interest
to Heat Waves. As a result, Heat Waves owns a 100 membership interest in HES. 

100 

2. On March 15,
2010, Mr. Herman sold a disposal well located in Oklahoma to HES in consideration for 100,000. Payment of the purchase price (which
was due on or before September 15, 2010) was made on August 11, 2010. 

3. Trinidad Housing
owned a housing unit in Trinidad, Colorado that at times was previously utilized by certain Heat Waves employees. On December 23,
2011 the housing unit in Trinidad was sold for loss. 

Note 16 Subsequent Events 

Debt Refinancing 

Subsequent to the balance
sheet date, the Company refinanced two of its mortgage payables. These refinancing agreements eliminated balloon payments of 229,198
due June 15, 2012 and 141,707 due September 1, 2012, removing these balloon payments from current liability commitments during
2012, and extending the terms of each mortgage payable for another 60 months from the original mortgage payable due dates. 

Equipment Loans 

Also subsequent to
the balance sheet date, on January 11, 2012 and February 9, 2012, the Company entered into two loans, with four year maturities,
in order to finance the purchase of equipment. The original principal balance on these equipment loans was 438,025 and 895,632,
with interest of 6.5 and 5.5 , respectively. 

Stock Options Awarded 

Also
subsequent to the balance sheet date, on or around February 10, 2012, the Company granted stock options of 400,000 shares of common
stock to Company personnel. These options are subject to vesting schedules. 

101 

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v305491_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Michael D. Herman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Enservco Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2012 

/s/ MICHAEL D. HERMAN 

Michael D. Herman, Chief Executive Officer and principal executive officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v305491_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Rick D. Kasch, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Enservco Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2012 

/s/ RICK D. KASCH 

Rick D. Kasch 

Chief Financial Officer and principal financial officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 v305491_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of
Enservco Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael D. Herman, Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2012 

/s/ MICHAEL D. HERMAN 

Michael D. Herman 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 v305491_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of
Enservco Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Rick D. Kasch, Treasurer and Chief Financial
Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2012 

/s/ RICK D. KASCH 

Rick D. Kasch 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 ensv-20111231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ensv-20111231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ensv-20111231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ensv-20111231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ensv-20111231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ensv-20111231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

