<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20120316_10-K_edgar_data_1083689_0001437749-12-002450.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13118197</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>308026</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3404975</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6414158</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1320934</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1202497</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-12-002450.hdr.sgml : 20120316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20120316170026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-12-002450
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20111231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20120316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20120316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001083689
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				803884050
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			SC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25933
		FILM NUMBER:		12698353

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		POST OFFICE BOX 1561
		CITY:			MT PLEASANT
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29465
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8438840504

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		POST OFFICE 1561
		CITY:			MT PLEASANT
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29465

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-12-002450.txt : 20120316

10-K
 1
 southcoast_10k-123111.htm
 FORM 10K

southcoast_10k-123111.htm 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2011 

File Number 0-25933 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

South Carolina 

57-1079460 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 

(IRS Employer Identification Number) 

530 Johnnie Dodds Boulevard, Mt. Pleasant, South Carolina 29464 

(Address of Principal Executive Office, Zip Code) 

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (843) 884-0504 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each of class: 

Name of each exchange on which registered: 

Common Stock, No Par Value 

NASDAQ Global Market 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. [ ] Yes [X] No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. [ ] Yes [X] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.Yes [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer [ ] 

Accelerated filer [ ] 

Non-accelerated filer [ ] 

Smaller reporting company [X] 

(Do not check if smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [ ] Yes [X] No 

The aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2011, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately 14,357,949. The Registrant has no non-voting common equity outstanding. For purposes of the foregoing calculation only, all directors and executive officers of the Registrant have been deemed affiliates. 

As of February 29, 2012, there were 5,316,633 shares of the Registrant s Common Stock, no par value, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

(1) 

Portions of the Registrant s Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2011 - Parts I and II 

(2) 

Portions of the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders - Part III 

10-K CROSS REFERENCE INDEX 

PART I 

Page 

Item 1. 

Business 

2 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

10 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

15 

Item 2. 

Properties 

15 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

15 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

15 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

16 

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 

16 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

16 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

16 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

16 

Item 9. 

Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

16 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

16 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

17 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

17 

Item 11. 

Execution Compensation 

18 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

18 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

19 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

19 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

19 

CAUTIONARY NOTICE WITH RESPECT TO 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Statements included in this report which are not historical in nature are intended to be, and are hereby identified as forward looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provided by Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Words such as may, will, anticipate, assume, should, indicate, would, believe, contemplate, expect, seek, estimate, continue, plan, point to, project, predict, could, intend, target, potential, and other similar words and expressions identify forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers that forward looking statements, including without limitation, those relating to the Company s new offices, future business prospects, revenues, working capital, adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, liquidity, capital needs, interest costs, income, and the economy, are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those indicated in the forward looking statements, due to several important factors identified in this report, among others, and other risks and factors identified from time to time in the Company s other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs, and assumptions made by management. Such information includes, without limitation, discussions as to estimates, expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, and objectives concerning the Company s future financial and operating performance. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, particularly in light of the fact that the Company is a relatively new company with limited operating history. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 

future economic and business conditions; 

lack of sustained growth in the economies of the Company s market areas; 

government monetary and fiscal policies; 

the effects of changes in interest rates on the levels, composition and costs of deposits, loan demand, and the values of loan collateral, securities, and interest sensitive assets and liabilities; 

the effects of competition from a wide variety of local, regional, national and other providers of financial, investment, and insurance services, as well as competitors that offer banking products and services by mail, telephone, computer and/or the Internet; 

credit risks; 

higher than anticipated levels of defaults on loans; 

perceptions by depositors about the safety of their deposits; 

the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of the allowance for loan losses and other estimates, including the value of collateral securing loans; 

the risks of opening new offices, including, without limitation, the related costs and time of building customer relationships and integrating operations as part of these endeavors and the failure to achieve expected gains, revenue growth and/or expense savings from such endeavors; 

the effect of agreements with regulatory authorities, which restrict various activities and impose additional administrative requirements without commensurate benefits; 

changes in requirements of regulatory authorities; 

changes in laws and regulations, including tax, banking and securities laws and regulations and deposit insurance assessments; 

changes in accounting policies, rules and practices; 

changes in technology or products may be more difficult or costly, or less effective, than anticipated; 

the effects of war or other conflicts, acts of terrorism or other catastrophic events that may affect general economic conditions and economic confidence; 

our ability to weather the current economic downturn; 

loss of consumer or investor confidence; and 

other factors and information described in this report and in any of the other reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice. The Company has no obligation, and does not undertake, to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this report. The Company has expressed its expectations, beliefs and projections in good faith and believes they have a reasonable basis. However, there is no assurance that these expectations, beliefs or projections will result or be achieved or accomplished. 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

General 

Southcoast Financial Corporation (the Company is a South Carolina corporation organized in 1999 under the laws of South Carolina for the purpose of being a holding company for Southcoast Community Bank (the Bank ). On April 29, 1999, pursuant to a Plan of Exchange approved by the shareholders, all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Bank were exchanged for shares of common stock of the Company and the Company became the owner of all of the outstanding capital stock of the Bank. The Company presently engages in no significant business other than that of owning the Bank and has no employees. 

The Bank is a South Carolina state bank incorporated in June, 1998, which commenced operations as a commercial bank in July, 1998. The Bank operates from its offices in Mt. Pleasant, Charleston, Moncks Corner, Johns Island, Summerville, Goose Creek and North Charleston, South Carolina. The main office is located at 530 Johnnie Dodds Boulevard, in Mt. Pleasant; other Mt. Pleasant offices are located at 602 Coleman Boulevard and 3305 South Morgan s Point Road; the Charleston offices are located at 802 Savannah Highway and 1654 Sam Rittenberg Boulevard; the Moncks Corner office is located at 337 East Main Street; the Johns Island office is located at 2753 Maybank Highway; the Summerville office is located at 302 N. Main Street; the Goose Creek office is located at 597 Old Mount Holly Road; and the North Charleston office is located at 8420 Dorchester Road. 

The Bank offers a full array of commercial banking services. Deposit services include business and personal checking accounts, NOW accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, various term certificates of deposit, IRA accounts, and other deposit services. Most of the Bank s deposits are attracted from individuals and small businesses. The Bank does not offer trust services. 

The Bank offers secured and unsecured, short-to-intermediate term loans, with floating and fixed interest rates for commercial, consumer and residential purposes. Consumer loans include, among others: car loans, home equity improvement loans (secured by first and second mortgages), personal expenditure loans, education loans, overdraft lines of credit, and the like. The Bank makes commercial loans to small and middle market businesses. Commercial loans may be unsecured if they are of short duration and made to a customer with demonstrated ability to pay, but most often they are secured. Collateral for commercial loans may be listed securities, equipment, inventory, accounts receivable or other business assets but will usually be local real estate. The Bank usually makes commercial loans to businesses to provide working capital, expand physical assets or acquire assets. Commercial loans will typically not exceed a 20-year maturity and will usually have regular amortization payments. Commercial loans to most business entities require guarantees by their principals. The Bank also makes loans guaranteed by the U. S. Small Business Administration. 

The Bank makes loans secured by real estate mortgages that are usually for the acquisition, improvement or construction and development of residential and other properties. Residential real estate loans consist primarily of first and second mortgage loans on single family homes, with some mortgage loans on multifamily homes. Loan-to-value ratios for these loans are generally limited to 80 . Non-farm, non-residential loans are secured by business and commercial properties usually acquired using the loan proceeds. Loan-to-value ratios on these loans are also generally limited to 80 . The repayment of both residential and business real estate loans is dependent primarily on the income and cash flows of the borrowers, with the real estate serving as a secondary or liquidation source of repayment. 

2 

Real estate construction loans typically consist of financing for the construction of 1-4 family dwellings and some non-farm, non-residential real estate. Usually, loan-to-value ratios for these loans are limited to 80 and permanent financing commitments are required prior to the advancement of loan proceeds. 

Management believes that the loan portfolio is adequately diversified. Management is not aware of any significant concentrations of loans made to any particular individuals, industries or groups of related individuals or industries, except for residential mortgage loans, commercial real estate loans, and construction and land development loans. The loan portfolio consists primarily of mortgage loans and extensions of credit to businesses and individuals in the Bank s service areas within Charleston, Dorchester and Berkeley Counties of South Carolina. The economy of these areas is diversified and does not depend on any single industry or group of related industries. Approximately 90 of loans are secured by real estate located in those three counties or other coastal areas of South Carolina. The Bank does not make any foreign loans. 

In addition to monitoring potential concentrations of loans to particular borrowers or groups of borrowers, industries and geographic regions, management monitors exposure to credit risk from concentrations of lending products and practices such as loans that subject borrowers to substantial payment increases (e.g. principal deferral periods, loans with initial interest-only periods, etc), and loans with high loan-to-value ratios. Management has determined that there is no concentration of credit risk associated with its lending policies or practices with respect to these types of products and practices. Additionally, there are industry practices that could subject the Company to increased credit risk should economic conditions change over the course of a loan s life. For example, the Company makes variable rate loans and fixed rate principal-amortizing loans with maturities prior to the loan s being fully paid (i.e. balloon payment loans). These loans are underwritten and monitored to manage the associated risks. Therefore, management believes that these particular practices do not subject the Company to unusual credit risk. 

Other services the Bank offers include residential mortgage loan origination services, safe deposit boxes, business courier service, night depository service, telephone banking, MasterCard brand credit cards, tax deposits, and 24-hour automated teller machines. 

At March 1, 2012, the Bank employed 93 persons full-time. The Company has no employees. Management of the Bank believes that its employee relations are excellent. 

Competition 

The Bank competes in the Charleston - North Charleston MSA. As of June 30, 2011, 30 banks, savings and loans, and savings banks with 211 branch locations competed in the Charleston - North Charleston MSA. As of June 30, 2011, the Bank held 3.66 of total deposits in the MSA of 9.4 billion. 

Banks generally compete with other financial institutions through the products and services offered, the pricing of services, the level of service provided, the convenience and availability of services, and the degree of expertise and personal concern with which services are offered. South Carolina law permits statewide branching by banks and savings institutions, and many financial institutions in the state have branch networks. Consequently, commercial banking in South Carolina is highly competitive. Furthermore, out-of-state banks may commence operations and compete in the Bank s primary service area. Many large banking organizations, several of which are controlled by out-of-state ownership, currently operate in the Bank s market area. 

In the conduct of certain areas of its business, the Bank competes with commercial banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, consumer finance companies, insurance companies, money market mutual funds and other financial institutions, some of which are not subject to the same degree of regulation and restriction imposed upon the Bank. Many of these competitors have substantially greater resources and lending limits than the Bank and offer certain services, such as international banking services and trust services, that the Bank does not provide. Moreover, most of these competitors have more numerous branch offices located throughout their market areas, a competitive advantage that the Bank does not have to the same degree. Such competitors may also be in a position to make more effective use of media advertising, support services, and electronic technology than can the Bank. 

The banking industry is significantly affected by prevailing economic conditions as well as by government policies and regulations concerning, among other things, monetary and fiscal affairs, the housing industry and financial institutions. Deposits at banks are influenced by a number of economic factors, including interest rates, competing instruments, levels of personal income and savings, and the extent to which interest on retirement savings accounts is tax deferred. Lending activities are also influenced by a number of economic factors, including demand for and supply of housing, conditions in the construction industry, and availability of funds. Primary sources of funds for lending activities include savings deposits, income from investments, loan principal repayments, and proceeds from sales of loans to conventional participating lenders. 

3 

Available Information 

The Company electronically files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) its annual reports on Form 10-K, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, its periodic reports on Form 8-K, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 1934 Act), and proxy materials pursuant to Section 14 of the 1934 Act. The SEC maintains a site on the Internet, www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The Company does not have a website, but the Bank maintains a website at www.southcoastbank.com. As required by SEC rules, the Company s 2011 Annual Report to Shareholders and Proxy Statement for the 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be posted on this website upon mailing of such materials to shareholders. Reports of beneficial ownership of securities filed on behalf of the Company s directors and executive officers pursuant to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Company s other SEC filings, including financial statements in interactive data format, are also available on the Bank s website. Persons who are unable to obtain such filings from the SEC website or the Bank s website may obtain free copies from the Company upon request. 

EFFECT OF GOVERNMENT REGULATION 

The Company and the Bank operate in a highly regulated environment, and their business activities are governed by statute, regulation, and administrative policies. Relevant information about the regulatory framework that applies to the Company and the Bank is provided below. This regulatory framework is intended primarily for the benefit and protection of the Bank s depositors and the Deposit Insurance Fund, and not for the protection of the Company s shareholders or creditors. 

Financial institutions are being subjected to increased scrutiny and enforcement activity by state and federal banking agencies, the United States Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and other state and federal regulatory agencies. This increased scrutiny and enforcement activity entails significant potential increases in compliance requirements and associated costs. 

To the extent that the following information describes statutory and regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to such statutes and regulations. Any change in applicable law or regulation may have a material effect on the business of the Company and the Bank. 

General 

As a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act BHCA ), the Company is subject to supervision, and to regular inspection by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). The Bank is a state bank subject to regulation by the South Carolina State Board of Financial Institutions State Board and the FDIC. The Company is also subject to regulation by the State Board. The following discussion summarizes certain aspects of those laws and regulations that affect the Company and the Bank. Proposals to change the laws and regulations governing the banking industry are frequently raised in Congress, the state legislature and before the various bank regulatory agencies, and such proposals have increased in the wake of the recent financial crisis. The likelihood and timing of any changes and the impact such changes might have on the Company and the Bank are difficult to determine. 

Under the BHCA, the Company s activities and those of its subsidiaries are limited to banking, managing or controlling banks, furnishing services to or performing services for its subsidiaries or engaging in any other activity which the Federal Reserve determines to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. The Company may engage in a broader range of activities if it becomes a financial holding company pursuant to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which is described below under the caption Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. The BHCA prohibits the Company from acquiring direct or indirect control of more than 5 of the outstanding voting stock or substantially all of the assets of any bank or from merging or consolidating with another bank holding company without prior approval of the Federal Reserve. In making such determinations, the Federal Reserve is required to consider whether the performance of such activities by a bank holding company or its subsidiaries can reasonably be expected to produce benefits to the public such as greater convenience, increased competition or gains in efficiency that outweigh possible adverse effects, such as undue concentration of resources, decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of interest or unsound banking practices. 

4 

Additionally, the BHCA prohibits the Company from engaging in or from acquiring ownership or control of more than 5 of the outstanding voting stock of any company engaged in a non-banking business unless such business is determined by the Federal Reserve to be so closely related to banking as to be properly incident thereto. The BHCA generally does not place territorial restrictions on the activities of such non-banking related 

activities. 

As noted above, the Company is also subject to regulation and supervision by the State Board. A South Carolina bank holding company must provide the State Board with information with respect to the financial condition, operations, management and inter-company relationships of the holding company and its subsidiaries. The State Board also may require such other information as is necessary to keep itself informed about whether the provisions of South Carolina law and the regulations and orders issued thereunder by the State Board have been complied with, and the State Board may examine any bank holding company and its subsidiaries. 

Obligations of the Company to its Subsidiary Bank 

A number of obligations and restrictions are imposed on bank holding companies and their depository institution subsidiaries by Federal law and regulatory policy that are designed to reduce potential loss exposure to the depositors of such depository institutions and to the Deposit Insurance Fund in the event the depository institution is in danger of becoming insolvent or is insolvent. For example, under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended FDIA ), and the policy of the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company is required to serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary depository institutions and to commit resources to support such institutions in circumstances where it might not do so absent such policy. In addition, the cross-guarantee provisions of the FDIA, require insured depository institutions under common control to reimburse the FDIC for any loss suffered or reasonably anticipated by the FDIC as a result of the default of a commonly controlled insured depository institution or for any assistance provided by the FDIC to a commonly controlled insured depository institution in danger of default. The FDIC may decline to enforce the cross-guarantee provisions if it determines that a waiver is in its best interest. The FDIC s claim for damages is superior to claims of shareholders of the insured depository institution or its holding company but is subordinate to claims of depositors, secured creditors and holders of subordinated debt (other than affiliates) of the commonly controlled insured depository institutions. 

The FDIA also provides that amounts received from the liquidation or other resolution of any insured depository institution by any receiver must be distributed (after payment of secured claims) to pay the deposit liabilities of the institution prior to payment of any other general or unsecured senior liability, subordinated liability, general creditor or shareholder. This provision gives depositors a preference over general and subordinated creditors and shareholders in the event a receiver is appointed to distribute the assets of the Bank. 

Any capital loans by a bank holding company to any of its subsidiary banks are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary bank. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment. 

Capital Adequacy Guidelines for Bank Holding Companies and State Banks 

The various federal bank regulators, including the Federal Reserve and the FDIC have adopted risk-based and leverage capital adequacy guidelines for assessing bank holding company and bank capital adequacy. These standards define what qualifies as capital and establish minimum capital standards in relation to assets and off-balance sheet exposures, as adjusted for credit risks. 

5 

Failure to meet capital guidelines could subject the Bank to a variety of enforcement remedies, ranging from, for example, a prohibition on the taking of brokered deposits to the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC or the appointment of a receiver for the Bank. 

The risk-based capital standards of both the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC explicitly identify concentrations of credit risk and the risk arising from non-traditional activities, as well as an institution s ability to manage these risks, as important factors to be taken into account by the agencies in assessing an institution s overall capital adequacy. The capital guidelines also provide that an institution s exposure to a decline in the economic value of its capital due to changes in interest rates be considered by the agencies as a factor in evaluating a bank s capital adequacy. The Federal Reserve Board also has issued additional capital guidelines for bank holding companies that engage in certain trading activities. 

As set forth under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis Capital Resources in the Company s Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2011, which is included as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K, the Company and the Bank exceeded all applicable capital requirements at December 31, 2011. 

Payment of Dividends 

The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its bank subsidiary. Most of the revenues of the Company are expected to result from dividends paid to the Company by the Bank. There are statutory and regulatory requirements applicable to the payment of dividends by subsidiary banks as well as by the Company to its shareholders. It is not anticipated that the Company will pay cash dividends in the near future. 

Certain Transactions by the Company with its Affiliates 

Federal law regulates transactions among the Company and its affiliates, including the amount of the Bank s loans to or investments in nonbank affiliates and the amount of advances to third parties collateralized by securities of an affiliate. Further, a bank holding company and its affiliates are prohibited from engaging in certain tie-in arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, lease or sale of property or furnishing of services. 

FDIC Insurance Assessments 

The FDIC maintains the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF by assessing depository institutions insurance premiums. During the first quarter of 2009, the FDIC announced a special one-time emergency assessment. The Bank paid 230,000 in September, 2009, based on June 30, 2009, deposits for the one-time emergency assessment. On November 12, 2009, the FDIC Board of Directors adopted a final rule requiring insured depository institutions to prepay their quarterly risk-based deposit insurance assessment for all of 2010, 2011 and 2012. On December 30, 2009, the Bank paid 1,967,911 related to the prepayment of these quarterly premiums for the years 2010, 2011 and 2012. For 2010 and the following two years, on a quarterly basis, the FDIC continued, and will continue, to calculate the assessment amount with then current financial information, and will deduct the quarterly assessment amount from the prepaid balance. The Bank expenses the current portion as calculated by the FDIC. The amount expensed for 2011 was 641,022. The FDIC also voted to adopt a uniform three-basis point increase in assessment rates effective January 1, 2011. 

In November 2010, the FDIC approved a regulation, which was effective April 1, 2011, that implements a provision in the Dodd-Frank Act that changes the assessment base from one based on domestic deposits (as it has been since 1935) to one based on assets. The regulation changes the assessment base from adjusted domestic deposits to average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity. Since the new base would be much larger than the current base, the FDIC will lower assessment rates, which achieves the FDIC s goal of not significantly altering the total amount of revenue collected from the industry. In December 2010, the FDIC voted to increase the required amount of reserves for the designated reserve ratio to 2.0 . The ratio is higher than the 1.35 set by the Dodd-Frank Act in July 2010 and is an integral part of the FDIC s comprehensive, long-range management plan for the DIF. 

On December 29, 2010 the Dodd-Frank Act was amended to include full FDIC insurance on Interest on Lawyers Trust Accounts IOLTAs ). IOLTAs will receive unlimited insurance coverage as non-interest bearing transaction accounts for two years ending December 31, 2012. 

6 

Regulation of the Bank 

The Bank is subject to regulation and examination by the State Board and the FDIC. In addition, the Bank is subject to various other state and federal laws and regulations, including state usury laws, laws relating to fiduciaries, consumer credit laws and laws relating to branch banking. The Bank s loan operations are also subject to certain federal consumer credit laws and regulations promulgated thereunder, including, but not limited to: the federal Truth-In-Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, requiring financial institutions to provide certain information concerning their mortgage lending; the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of certain prohibited factors in extending credit; and the Fair Debt Collection Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies. The deposit operations of the Bank are also subject to the Truth in Savings Act, requiring certain disclosures about rates paid on savings accounts; the Expedited Funds Availability Act, which deals with disclosure of the availability of funds deposited in accounts and the collection and return of checks by banks; the Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain certain confidentiality of consumer financial records and the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and regulations promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services. The Bank is also subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; the Bank Secrecy Act, dealing with, among other things, the reporting of certain currency transactions; and the USA Patriot Act, dealing with, among other things, requiring the establishment of anti-money laundering programs including standards for verifying customer information at account opening. 

The Bank is also subject to the requirements of the Community Reinvestment Act (the CRA ). The CRA imposes on financial institutions an affirmative and ongoing obligation to meet the credit needs of their local communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with the safe and sound operation of those institutions. Each financial institution s actual performance in meeting community credit needs is evaluated as part of the examination process, and also is considered in evaluating mergers, acquisitions and applications to open a branch or facility. 

Other Safety and Soundness Regulations 

Prompt Corrective Action. The federal banking agencies have broad powers under current federal law to take prompt corrective action to resolve problems of insured depository institutions. The extent of these powers depends upon whether the institutions in question are well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized. 

A bank that is undercapitalized becomes subject to prompt corrective action provisions of the FDIA: restricting payment of capital distributions and management fees; requiring the FDIC to monitor the condition of the bank; requiring submission by the bank of a capital restoration plan; prohibiting the acceptance of employee benefit plan deposits; restricting the growth of the bank s assets and requiring prior approval of certain expansion proposals. A bank that is significantly undercapitalized is additionally subject to restrictions on compensation paid to senior management of the bank. A bank that is critically undercapitalized is further subject to restrictions on the activities of the bank and restrictions on payments of subordinated debt of the bank, as well as a requirement that the bank be placed in receivership within 90 days in most cases. The purpose of these provisions is to require banks with less than adequate capital to act quickly to restore their capital and to have the FDIC move promptly to take over banks that are unwilling or unable to take such steps. 

Brokered Deposits. Under current FDIC regulations, well capitalized banks may accept brokered deposits without restriction, adequately capitalized banks may accept brokered deposits with a waiver from the FDIC (subject to certain restrictions on payment of rates), while undercapitalized banks may not accept brokered deposits. The regulations provide that the definitions of well capitalized , adequately capitalized and undercapitalized are the same as the definitions adopted by the agencies to implement the prompt corrective action provisions described in the previous paragraph. Management does not believe that these regulations will have a material adverse effect on the operations of the Bank. 

7 

Interstate Banking 

Under federal law, the Company and any other adequately capitalized bank holding company located in South Carolina can acquire a bank located in any other state, and a bank holding company located outside South Carolina can acquire any South Carolina-based bank, in either case subject to certain deposit percentage and other restrictions. The authority of a bank to establish and operate branches within a state continues to be subject to applicable state branching laws, but interstate branching is permitted to the same extent it would be permitted under state law if the branching bank s home office were located in the state in which the branch will be located. 

Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 

The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act expanded the activities in which a bank holding company and a bank can engage through affiliations created under a holding company structure or through a financial subsidiary if certain conditions are met. Significantly, the permitted financial activities for financial holding companies include authority to engage in merchant banking and insurance activities, including insurance portfolio investing. The Act also established a minimum federal standard of privacy to protect the confidentiality of a consumer s personal financial information and gives the consumer the power to choose how personal financial information may be used by financial institutions. The regulations adopted pursuant to the Act govern the consumer s right to opt-out of further disclosure of nonpublic personal financial information and require the Bank to provide initial and annual privacy notices. The Act and regulations also required the Bank to develop and maintain a comprehensive plan for the safeguarding of customer information which encompasses all aspects of the Bank s technological environment, business practices, and Bank facilities. 

Although the Act and the regulations created new opportunities for the Company to offer expanded services to customers in the future, the Company has not determined what the nature of the expanded services might be or whether and when the Company might find it feasible to offer them. The Act has increased competition from larger financial institutions that are currently more capable than the Company of taking advantage of the opportunity to provide a broader range of services. However, the Company continues to believe that its commitment to providing high quality, personalized service to customers will permit it to remain competitive in its market area. 

Government Response to Financial Crisis that began in 2008 

During the fourth quarter of 2008 and continuing into the first quarter of 2009 the FDIC, the Federal Reserve, the Department of the Treasury and Congress took a number of actions designed to alleviate or correct mounting problems in the financial services industry. A number of these initiatives were directly applicable to community banks. 

Congress enacted the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 which, among other things, temporarily increased the maximum amount of FDIC deposit insurance from 100,000 to 250,000 and created a Troubled Assets Relief Program TARP administered by Treasury. In October, 2008, Treasury announced a Capital Purchase Program CPP under TARP to increase the capital of healthy banks. Under the CPP, Treasury would purchase preferred stock with warrants from qualified banks and bank holding companies in an amount up to 3 of the seller s risk-weighed assets as of September 30, 2008. Institutions wishing to participate in the CPP were required to file an application with their principal federal regulators. The Company elected not to participate in the CPP because of (i) the cost of the preferred stock, (ii) the open-ended administrative burdens associated with the preferred stock including having to agree to allow Treasury to unilaterally amend the stock purchase agreement to comply with subsequent changes in applicable federal statutes, (iii) the fact that the Company and the Bank were already well capitalized under regulatory guidelines and expected to continue to be so, and (iv) management s belief that other sources of capital were, and would continue to be, available should additional capital be needed. 

FDIC also implemented in October, 2008 a Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program pursuant to which it undertook to provide deposit insurance in an unlimited amount for non-interest bearing transaction accounts and a debt guarantee component to fully guarantee senior, unsecured debt issued by banks or bank holding companies. Coverage of both components was automatic until December 5, 2008, at which time covered institutions could opt out of one or both of the components. Institutions not opting out would be charged fees for their participation in the components. The Company and Bank opted out of the debt guarantee component. 

8 

An unfortunate consequence of the difficulties that have beset the banking industry in the latter part of 2008 has been a large increase in bank failures which has led to substantial claims being made against the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund. See also FDIC Insurance Assessments above for additional information. 

Additional governmental efforts to ameliorate the problems afflicting the banking industry have been adopted or proposed, or are being considered by Congress and various governmental entities. See also Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The Company is presently unable to predict the impact of many of such changes, although it appears that they are likely to increase operating expenses in the near term without creating completely offsetting benefits. 

Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 

On July 21, 2010, the President signed into law the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), which significantly changes the regulation of financial institutions and the financial services industry. The Dodd-Frank Act has had, and will continue to have, extensive effects on all financial institutions, and includes provisions that will affect how community banks, thrifts, and small bank and thrift holding companies will be regulated in the future. The Dodd-Frank Act includes changes to the financial regulatory systems, enhanced bank capital requirements, creates the Financial Stability Oversight Council, provides for mortgage reform provisions regarding a customer s ability to repay, changes the assessment base for federal deposit insurance from the amount of insured deposits to consolidated assets less tangible capital, makes permanent the 250,000 limit for federal deposit insurance, provides for unlimited federal deposit insurance for noninterest-bearing transaction accounts until December 31, 2012, implements corporate governance requirements for public companies with regard to executive compensation including providing shareholders the right to vote on executive compensation, repeals the federal prohibitions on the payment of interest on demand deposits, and amends the Electronic Funds Transfer Act to give the Federal Reserve the authority to establish rules regarding interchange fees charged for electronic debit transactions, among other measures. The Dodd-Frank Act also establishes the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection as an independent entity within the Federal Reserve, which has been given the authority to promulgate consumer protection regulations applicable to all entities offering consumer financial services or products, including banks. Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act includes a series of provisions covering mortgage loan origination standards affecting originator compensation, minimum repayment standards, and pre-payments. 

The Dodd-Frank Act requires regulatory agencies to implement new regulations that establish the parameters of the new regulatory framework and provide a clearer understanding of the legislation s effect on banks. We continue to evaluate proposed and final regulations related to the Dodd-Frank Act as they are implemented in order to determine the impact each will have on current and future operations. The majority of the resulting regulations affecting us have been implemented, and we have experienced a moderate loss of income associated with debit transactions and moderate increased compliance costs associated with other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. 

Legislative Proposals 

Proposed legislation which could significantly affect the business of banking is introduced in Congress and the General Assembly of South Carolina from time to time. For example, numerous bills are pending in Congress and the South Carolina Legislature to provide various forms of relief to homeowners from foreclosure of mortgages as a result of publicity surrounding economic problems resulting from subprime mortgage lending and the economic adjustments in national real estate markets. Broader problems in the financial sector of the economy which became apparent in 2008 have led to numerous calls for legislative restructuring of the regulation of the sector. Management of the Company cannot predict the future course of such legislative proposals or their impact on the Company and the Bank should they be adopted. 

9 

Fiscal and Monetary Policy 

Banking is a business which depends to a large extent on interest rate differentials. In general, the difference between the interest paid by a bank on its deposits and its other borrowings, and the interest received by a bank on its loans and securities holdings, constitutes the major portion of a bank s earnings. Thus, the earnings and growth of the Company and the Bank are subject to the influence of economic conditions generally, both domestic and foreign, and also to the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States and its agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve regulates the supply of money through various means, including open market dealings in United States government securities, the discount rate at which banks may borrow from the Federal Reserve, and the reserve requirements on deposits. The nature and timing of any changes in such policies and their impact on the Company and the Bank cannot be predicted. 

Further Information 

Further information about the business of the Company and the Bank is set forth in this Form 10-K under Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Risks Related to Our Industry 

There can be no assurance that recent government actions will help stabilize the U.S. financial system. 

In response to the financial crises affecting the banking system and financial markets and going concern threats to investment banks and other financial institutions, various branches and agencies of the U.S. government have put in place laws, regulations and programs to address capital and liquidity issues in the banking system. There can be no assurance, however, as to the actual long-term impact that such laws, regulations and programs will have on the financial markets, including the extreme levels of volatility, liquidity and confidence issues, and limited credit availability recently experienced. The failure of such laws, regulations and programs to continue to help stabilize the financial markets and a continuation or worsening of current financial market conditions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, access to credit or the trading price of our common stock. 

Current levels of market volatility are unprecedented. 

The volatility and disruption of financial and credit markets has reached unprecedented levels for recent times. In some cases, the markets have produced downward pressure on stock prices and credit availability for certain issuers without regard to those issuers underlying financial strength. If recent and current levels of market disruption and volatility continue or worsen, there can be no assurance that we will not experience an adverse effect, which may be material, on our ability to access capital and on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. 

Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers, dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, and government sponsored enterprises. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral we hold cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or other obligation due us. There is no assurance that any such losses would not materially and adversely affect our results of operations or earnings. 

Our primary source of funding for our operations is deposits from customers in our local market. Should other banks in or near our market areas fail, it could cause our deposit customers to lose confidence in banks and cause them to withdraw or substantially restrict their deposits with us. If such activity reached a high enough level, it could substantially disrupt our business. There is no assurance that such disruptions, were they to occur, would not materially and adversely affect our results of operations or earnings. 

10 

Current market developments may adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. 

Dramatic declines in the housing market during the prior three years, with falling home prices and increasing foreclosures and unemployment, have resulted in significant write-downs of asset values by financial institutions, including government-sponsored entities and major commercial and investment banks. These write-downs, initially of mortgage-backed securities but spreading to credit default swaps, other derivative securities, as well as loans, have caused many financial institutions to seek additional capital, to merge with larger and stronger institutions and, in some cases, to fail. Reflecting concern about the stability of the financial markets generally and the strength of counterparties, many lenders and institutional investors have reduced, and in some cases, ceased to provide funding to borrowers, including other financial institutions. The resulting lack of available credit, lack of confidence in the financial sector, increased volatility in the financial markets and reduced business activity could materially and adversely, directly or indirectly, affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are subject to governmental regulation which could change and increase our cost of doing business or have an adverse effect on our business. 

We operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to examination, supervision and comprehensive regulation by various federal and state agencies. Most of this regulation is designed to protect our depositors and other customers, not our shareholders. Our compliance with the requirements of these agencies is costly and may limit our growth and restrict certain of our activities, including, payment of dividends, mergers and acquisitions, investments, loans and interest rates charged, locations of offices, and compensation of our officers. We are also subject to capitalization guidelines established by federal authorities and our failure to meet those guidelines could result in limitations being imposed on our activities or, in an extreme case, in our bank s being placed in receivership. 

Various laws, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 EESA ), and the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), and related regulations are structured to spread the governmental costs of problems in the financial industry broadly over the financial industry in order to prevent the taxpayers from having to pay such costs. As a result, assessments by the FDIC to pay for deposit insurance have increased, and will likely continue to increase, substantially, and the total our bank will be required to pay could increase enough to materially affect our income and our ability to operate profitably. Additionally, EESA contains a provision for the financial industry to be required to absorb, in an as yet undetermined fashion, any losses suffered by the government on account of its acquiring troubled assets under the Troubled Assets Relief Program of EESA. The Dodd-Frank Act makes numerous changes in the way financial institutions are regulated, and creates a new agency to regulate consumer protection as well as expanding and modifying consumer protection laws. 

We are also subject to the extensive and expensive requirements imposed on public companies by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related regulations 

The laws and regulations applicable to the banking industry could change at any time, and numerous regulations required by the Dodd-Frank Act are yet to be adopted, thus we cannot predict the impact of these changes on our business or profitability. Because government regulation greatly affects the business and financial results of all commercial banks and bank holding companies, our cost of compliance could adversely affect our ability to operate profitably. 

We are susceptible to changes in monetary policy and other economic factors which may adversely affect our ability to operate profitably. 

Changes in governmental, economic and monetary policies may affect the ability of our bank to attract deposits and make loans. The rates of interest payable on deposits and chargeable on loans are affected by governmental regulation and fiscal policy as well as by national, state and local economic conditions. National and international economic conditions and governmental efforts to control such conditions affect us directly and indirectly. All of these matters are outside of our control and affect our ability to operate profitably. 

11 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We depend on the services of a number of key personnel, and a loss of any of those personnel could disrupt our operations and result in reduced revenues. 

The success of our business depends to a great extent on our customer relationships. Our growth and development to date have depended in large part on the efforts of our senior management team. These senior officers have primary contact with our customers and are extremely important in maintaining personalized relationships with our customer base, a key aspect of our business strategy, and in increasing our market presence. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of these key employees could have a material adverse effect on our operations and possibly result in reduced revenues if we were unable to find suitable replacements promptly. 

We may be unable to successfully manage our sustained growth. 

We grew rapidly in our first 12 years of operations. Although we did not grow in 2009, 2010 or 2011, and do not expect to continue to grow as fast in the future as we have in the past, it is our intention to continue to expand our asset base. Our future profitability will depend in part on our ability to manage growth successfully. Our ability to manage growth successfully will depend on our ability to maintain cost controls and asset quality while attracting additional loans and deposits, as well as on factors beyond our control, such as economic conditions and interest rate trends. If we grow too quickly and are not able to control costs and maintain asset quality, growth could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our future growth or regulatory requirements may require us to raise additional capital in the future, but that capital may not be available when it is needed or be unavailable on favorable terms. 

Although we are currently well capitalized, we may need to raise additional capital in the future to support additional growth or to meet regulatory requirements. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend, among other things, on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside our control, and on our financial condition and performance. If we cannot raise additional capital on acceptable terms when needed, our ability to further expand our operations through internal growth and acquisitions could be limited and, if we cannot continue to meet regulatory capital requirements, our existence could also be limited. 

Our assets include substantial amounts of real estate acquired through foreclosure or in settlement of loans, which we may not be able to sell without incurring additional losses. 

We have acquired, and expect to continue to acquire, substantial amounts of real estate through foreclosure or settlement of loans in default. When we acquire such real estate, it is written down to its estimated fair market value less the estimated costs of selling. If we cannot sell the property for that amount we will incur additional loss which, for one or more properties, could materially reduce our earnings. 

If our loan customers do not pay us as they have contracted to, we may experience losses. 

Our principal revenue producing business is making loans. If the loans are not repaid, we will suffer losses. Even though we maintain an allowance for loan losses, the amount of the allowance may not be adequate to cover the losses we experience. We attempt to mitigate this risk by a thorough review of the creditworthiness of loan customers. Nevertheless, there is risk that our credit evaluations will prove to be inaccurate due to changed circumstances or otherwise. 

12 

Our business is concentrated in Greater Charleston, and a prolonged downturn in the economy of the Charleston area, a continuing decline in Charleston area real estate values or other events in our market area may adversely affect our business. 

Substantially all of our business is located in the Greater Charleston area. As a result, our financial condition and results of operations are affected by changes in the Charleston economy. Over the past three years, we have experienced the adverse effects of the economic recession in the form of increased nonpayment and delinquent payment of loans, and decreases in the value of collateral securing loans and of real estate acquired through foreclosures. If the economic recession and general decline in Charleston area real estate values or other adverse economic conditions continue, we would expect continuing decreases in demand for our services, increases in nonpayment of loans and decreases in the value of collateral securing loans. The existence of adverse economic conditions, declines in real estate values or the occurrence of other adverse economic conditions in Charleston and South Carolina could have a material adverse effect on our business, future prospects, financial condition or results of operations. 

We operate in an area susceptible to hurricane and other weather related damage which could disrupt our business and reduce our profitability. 

Nearly all of our business and our customers are located in coastal South Carolina, an area that often experiences damage from hurricanes and other weather phenomena. We attempt to mitigate such risk with insurance and by requiring insurance on property we take as collateral. However, catastrophic weather damage to a large portion of our market area could cause substantial disruptions to our business and our customers businesses which would reduce our profitability for some period. 

We face strong competition from larger, more established competitors which may adversely affect our ability to operate profitably. 

We encounter strong competition from financial institutions operating in the greater Charleston, South Carolina area. In the conduct of our business, we also compete with credit unions, insurance companies, money market mutual funds and other financial institutions, some of which are not subject to the same degree of regulation as we are. Many of these competitors have substantially greater resources and lending abilities than we have and offer services, such as investment banking, trust and international banking services that we do not provide. We believe that we have competed, and will continue to be able to compete, effectively with these institutions because of our experienced bankers and personalized service, as well as through loan participations and other strategies and techniques. However, we cannot promise that we are correct in our belief. If we are wrong, our ability to operate profitably may be negatively affected. 

Technological changes affect our business, and we may have fewer resources than many of our competitors to invest in technological improvements. 

The financial services industry continues to undergo rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. In addition to enabling financial institutions to serve customers better, the effective use of technology may increase efficiency and may enable financial institutions to reduce costs. Our future success may depend, in part, upon our ability to use technology to provide products and services that provide convenience to customers and to create additional efficiencies in our operations. We may need to make significant additional capital investments in technology in the future, and we may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. 

Our profitability and liquidity are affected by changes in interest rates and economic conditions. 

Our profitability depends upon our net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on our interest-bearing assets, such as loans and investment securities, and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. Our net interest income is adversely affected when market interest rates change such that the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings increases faster than the interest we earn on loans and investments or, conversely, when the interest we earn on loans and investments decreases faster than the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings. Interest rates, and consequently our results of operations, are affected by general economic conditions (domestic and foreign) and fiscal and monetary policies. Monetary and fiscal policies may materially affect the level and direction of interest rates. Increases in interest rates generally decrease the market values of interest-bearing investments and loans held and therefore may adversely affect our liquidity and earnings. Increased interest rates also generally affect the volume of mortgage loan originations, the resale value of mortgage loans originated for resale, and the ability of borrowers to perform under existing loans of all types. Decreases in interest rates generally have the opposite effect on market values of interest-bearing assets, the volume of mortgage loan originations, the resale value of mortgage loans originated for resale, and the ability of borrowers to perform under existing loans of all types from the effect of increases in interest rates. 

13 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Our common stock has a limited trading market, which may limit your ability to sell your stock. 

Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol SOCB. Since January 1, 2011, the average daily trading volume has been approximately 4,677 shares. Accordingly, a shareholder who wishes to sell a large number of shares may experience a delay in selling the shares or have to sell them at a lower price in order to sell them promptly. 

The market price of our common stock may continue to decline. 

The market prices of many financial institution equity securities, including ours, have declined significantly over the past three years in response to the financial crises affecting the banking system and financial markets. There can be no assurance that such declines will not continue. 

We may issue additional securities, which could affect the market price of our common stock and dilute your ownership. 

We may issue additional securities to raise additional capital, to support growth, or to make acquisitions. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, or the perception by the market that those sales could occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline or could make it more difficult for us to raise capital through the sale of common stock or to use our common stock in future acquisitions. The issuance of substantial amounts of additional securities could reduce your proportionate ownership of the Company. 

We do not plan to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We have never paid cash dividends and do not plan to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We plan to use the funds that might otherwise be available to pay dividends to increase our capital. 

Declaration and payment of dividends are within the discretion of our board of directors. Our bank will be our most likely source of funds with which to pay cash dividends. Our bank s declaration and payment of future dividends to us are within the discretion of the bank s board of directors, and are dependent upon its earnings, financial condition, its need to retain earnings for use in the business and any other pertinent factors. Payment of dividends is also subject to various regulatory requirements and considerations. Furthermore, as long as there are preferred securities of the Southcoast Capital Trust III outstanding and the Company has elected to defer making interest payments with respect to the preferred securities as permitted by the terms of the preferred securities, the Company may not declare or pay dividends on its common stock or redeem or repurchase any shares of its common stock, subject to certain minor exceptions. 

Provisions in our articles of incorporation and South Carolina law may discourage or prevent takeover attempts, and these provisions may have the effect of reducing the market price for our stock. 

Our articles of incorporation include several provisions that may have the effect of discouraging or preventing hostile takeover attempts, and therefore of making the removal of incumbent management difficult. The provisions include staggered terms for our board of directors and requirements of supermajority votes to approve certain business transactions. In addition, South Carolina law contains several provisions that may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us without the approval of our board of directors, and may make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding common stock. To the extent that these provisions are effective in discouraging or preventing takeover attempts, they may tend to reduce the market price for our stock. 

14 

Our common stock is not insured, so you could lose your total investment. 

Our common stock is not a deposit, savings account or obligation of our bank and is not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Should our business fail, you could lose your total investment. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

The Company owns the real property at 530-534 Johnnie Dodds Boulevard, Mt. Pleasant, South Carolina, where its main offices are located. The Company also owns the following properties in Charleston and Berkeley Counties of South Carolina, where its branch offices are located: 602 Coleman Boulevard, Mt. Pleasant; 3305 South Morgan s Point Road, Mt. Pleasant; 802 Savannah Highway, Charleston; 337 East Main Street, Moncks Corner; 597 Old Mount Holly Road, Goose Creek; and 8420 Dorchester Road, North Charleston. The Company leases the property at 302 N. Main Street, Summerville; 1654 Sam Rittenberg Boulevard, Charleston; and 2753 Maybank Highway, Johns Island. All properties are believed to be well suited for the Company s needs. 

In 2006, the Company acquired a parcel of real property in Hilton Head and a parcel in Bluffton, South Carolina, with a view to opening branches at those locations. Because of changes in market conditions since the Company entered into binding contracts for the purchase of these two properties, however, the Company has slowed its expansion plans for the area and has not yet entered into construction contracts on either parcel. 

At December 31, 2011, the Bank also held 26 properties acquired through foreclosure or in settlement of loans. All of the properties were being marketed for sale. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

The Bank is from time to time a party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, but management of the Bank is not aware of any pending or threatened litigation or unasserted claims or assessments that are expected to result in losses, if any, that would be material to the Company s business and operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

15 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

The information set forth under the caption Corporate Data -- Common Stock and Dividends in the Registrant s Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2011 (the 2011 Annual Report ), which information is set forth in Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K, is incorporated herein by reference. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K is set forth in Item 12 of this Form 10-K. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

There were no sales of equity securities by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2011 that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. 

. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Company and Affiliated Purchasers 

The Company did not purchase any shares of its equity securities during the fourth quarter of 2011. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Not required. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 

The information set forth under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis in the 2011 Annual Report, which information is set forth in Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K, is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

The information set forth under the captions Management s Discussion and Analysis Market Risk Interest Rate Sensitivity and Off Balance Sheet Arrangements in the 2011 Annual Report, which information is set forth in Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K, is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The Consolidated Financial Statements, including Notes thereto, in the 2011 Annual Report, which are set forth in Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K, are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Not Applicable 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Based on the evaluation required by 17 C.F.R. Section 240.13a-15(b) or 240.15d-15(b) of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in 17 C.F.R. Sections 240.13a-15(e) or 240.15d-15(e)), the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that such controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, were effective. 

16 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

MANAGEMENT REPORT ON INTERNAL 

CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

The management of Southcoast Financial Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, transactions are executed in accordance with appropriate management authorization and accounting records are reliable for the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management has assessed the effectiveness of Southcoast Financial Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2010. In making our assessment, management has utilized the framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2011, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

Date: December 31, 2011 

s/L. Wayne Pearson 

s/William C. Heslop 

L. Wayne Pearson 

William C. Heslop 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

No information was required to be disclosed in a Form 8-K during the fourth quarter of 2011 that was not so disclosed. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The information set forth under the captions Election of Directors Directors and Nominees and Executive Officers, and Committees of our Board of Directors Audit Committee, and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in registrant s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Commission for the 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2012 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company has adopted a code of ethics (as defined by 17 C.F.R. 229.406) that applies to its principal executive officer and principal financial officer. The Company will provide a copy of the code of ethics, free of charge, to any person upon written request to William C. Heslop, Senior Vice President, Southcoast Financial Corporation, 534 Johnnie Dodds Boulevard, Mt. Pleasant, South Carolina 29464. 

17 

Audit Committee Financial Expert 

The Company s board of directors has determined that the Company does not have an audit committee financial expert, as that term is defined by Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, serving on its audit committee. The Company s audit committee is a committee of directors who are independent of the Company and its management. After reviewing the experience and training of all of the Company s independent directors, the board of directors has concluded that no independent director meets the SEC s very demanding definition. Therefore, it would be necessary to find a qualified individual willing to serve as both a director and member of the audit committee and have that person elected as a director by the shareholders in order to have an audit committee financial expert serving on the Company s audit committee. The Company s audit committee is, however, authorized to use consultants to provide financial accounting expertise in any instance where members of the committee believe such assistance would be useful. Accordingly, the Company does not believe that it needs to have an audit committee financial expert on its audit committee. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The information set forth under the caption Management Compensation in the 2012 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The information set forth under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Security Ownership of our Management in the 2012 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table sets forth aggregated information as of December 31, 2011 about all of the Company s compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the Company are authorized for issuance: 

Plan category 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

(a) 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

(b) 

Number of remaining securities available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column(a)) (1) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

- 

- 

143,809 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

- 

143,809 

(1) Represents shares remaining available for issuance under the Company s 2011 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

18 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The information set forth under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Governance Matters Director Independence in the 2012 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The information set forth under the caption Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the 2012 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1) 
 
 - 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

- 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

- 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

- 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

- 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules None 

(3) Exhibits Please see Exhibit Index for a list of exhibits 

19 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the Requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Southcoast Financial Corporation 

March 16, 2012 

By: 

s/L. Wayne Pearson 

L. Wayne Pearson 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

By 

s/William C. Heslop 

William C. Heslop 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Principal 

Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the Requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

s/Tommy B. Baker 

Tommy B. Baker 

Director 

March 16, 2012 

s/William A. Coates 

William A. Coates 

Director 

March 16, 2012 

s/Stephen F. Hutchinson 

Stephen F. Hutchinson 

Director 

March 16, 2012 

s/L. Wayne Pearson 

L. Wayne Pearson 

Chairman, Chief Executive 

Officer, Director 

March 16, 2012 

s/Robert M. Scott 

Robert M. Scott 

Director 

March 16, 2012 

s/James P. Smith 

James P. Smith 

Director 

March 16, 2012 

20 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form 10-SB filed April 30, 1999) 

3.2 

Bylaws of Registrant, as amended September 13, 2008 (incorporated by reference to exhibit to Form 8-K filed September 14, 2007) 

4.1 

Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2000) 

10.1 

1999 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1999) 

10.2 

Form of Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2000) 

10.3 

Form of Amended and Restated Employment Agreements, dated as of December 29, 2008, between the Company and each of Robert A. Daniel, Jr., William B. Seabrook, and William C. Heslop (incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form 8-K, filed January 5, 2009) 

10.4 

Form of Endorsement Split Dollar Agreement, dated as of December29, 2008, between Southcoast Community Bank and each of Robert A. Daniel, Jr., William B. Seabrook, and William C. Heslop (incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form 8-K, filed January 5, 2009) 

10.5 

Junior Subordinated Indenture between Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company dated as of August 5, 2005 (incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form S-1 (Registration Statement No. 333-128247), filed August 12, 2005) 

10.6 

Guarantee Agreement between Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company, dated as of August 5, 2005 (incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form S-1 (Registration Statement No. 333-128247), filed August 12, 2005) 

10.7 

Placement Agreement among Registrant, Southcoast Capital Trust III and Credit Suisse First Boston LLC dated as of August 5, 2005 (incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form S-1 (Registration Statement No. 333-128247), filed August 12, 2005) 

10.8 

Form of Endorsement Split Dollar Agreement between the Company and each of Tommy B. Baker, William A. Coates, Stephen F. Hutchinson, Robert M. Scott, and James P. Smith, dated December 13, 2007 (incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form 8-K filed December 19, 2007) 

10.9 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2008, among Southcoast Financial Corporation, Southcoast Community Bank and L. Wayne Pearson (incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form 8-K filed August 20, 2008) 

10.10 

Salary Continuation Agreement between Southcoast Community Bank and L. Wayne Pearson (incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form 8-K filed April 3, 2009) 

10.11 

Endorsement Split Dollar Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2008, between Southcoast Financial Corporation and L. Wayne Pearson (incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form 8-K filed August 20, 2008) 

10.12 

Southcoast Financial Corporation 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to exhibits to Proxy Statement for 2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, filed April 14, 2010) 

13 

Portions of the Annual Report to Shareholders for the Year Ended December 31, 2011 incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K 

21 

Subsidiaries of Registrant (incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007) 

23.1 

Consent of Crowe Horwath LLC 

23.2 

Consent of Elliott Davis, LLC 

31.1 

13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 

13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of Chief Financial Officer 

32 

Section 1350 Certifications 

101 
 Interactive Data File 

21 

<EX-13>
 2
 ex13.htm
 EXHIBIT 13

ex13.htm 

EXHIBIT 13 

Portions of Southcoast Financial Corporation 

2011 Annual Report to Shareholders 

Incorporated by Reference into 2011 Form 10-K 

CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some of the statements made in this report are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, assumptions, estimates, intentions, and future performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control, and which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements through our use of words such as may, will, anticipate, assume, should, indicate, would, believe, contemplate, expect, seek, estimate, continue, plan, point to, project, predict, could, intend, target, potential, and other similar words and expressions of the future. These forward-looking statements may not be realized due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: 

future economic and business conditions; 

lack of sustained growth in the economy of the Greater Charleston area; 

government monetary and fiscal policies; 

the effects of changes in interest rates on the levels, composition and costs of deposits, loan demand, and the values of loan collateral, securities, and interest sensitive assets and liabilities; 

the effects of competition from a wide variety of local, regional, national and other providers of financial, investment, and insurance services, as well as competitors that offer banking products and services by mail, telephone, computer and/or the Internet; 

credit risks; 

higher than anticipated levels of defaults on loans; 

perceptions by depositors about the safety of their deposits; 

the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of the allowance for loan losses and other estimates, including the value of collateral securing loans; 

the risks of opening new offices, including, without limitation, the related costs and time of building customer relationships and integrating operations as part of these endeavors and the failure to achieve expected gains, revenue growth and/or expense savings from such endeavors; 

changes in requirements of regulatory authorities; 

changes in laws and regulations, including tax, banking and securities laws and regulations and deposit insurance assessments; 

changes in accounting policies, rules and practices; 

changes in technology or products may be more difficult or costly, or less effective than anticipated; 

the effects of war or other conflicts, acts of terrorism or other catastrophic events that may affect general economic conditions and economic confidence; 

ability to weather the current economic downturn; 

loss of consumer or investor confidence; and 

other factors and information described in this report and in any of the other reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

All forward-looking statements that are made in this report are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice. We have no obligation, and do not undertake, to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this report, or after the respective dates on which such statements otherwise are made. We have expressed our expectations, beliefs and projections in good faith and we believe they have a reasonable basis. However, we cannot assure you that our expectations, beliefs or projections will result or be achieved or accomplished. 

The following discussion is intended to assist you in understanding the financial condition and results of operations of Southcoast Financial Corporation and subsidiaries and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report. Many of the amounts and percentages in this section have been rounded for convenience of presentation, but actual recorded amounts have been used in computations. Accordingly, some information may appear not to compute accurately. 

1 

Overview 

We had a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2011 of 16.5 million, or 3.12 per basic share, compared to net income for the year ended December 31, 2010 of 69,000, or 0.01 per basic share. 

Problems in the economy have continued to adversely impact the ability of some borrowers to repay their loans. Although the Company s market area has not experienced the negative effects of the recession and declines in real estate markets to the same extent as some other markets in the country, these factors have had a significant effect on our operations as evidenced by the high amounts of our charge-offs, nonaccrual loans and real estate owned. The majority of problem loans in 2010 and 2011 were real estate loans, which were often collateralized by newly constructed homes or undeveloped land. Foreclosed loans were foreclosed on after real estate sales in the Company s market area decreased significantly beginning in the summer of 2008. Borrowers were generally builders and developers who did not have the cash flow required to support the level of inventory financed with area banks. The process of foreclosure in South Carolina is lengthy and expensive. The impact of foregone interest on nonaccruing loans in the process of foreclosure combined with attorney s fees, property taxes, and costs to sell repossessed property continued to negatively impact the Company s income in 2011. The residential market for single family homes in South Carolina has significant inventory. This inventory will take time for the market to absorb and we expect to continue through 2012 with elevated other real estate owned balances. In addition, the real estate and construction industries have been significant employers in the past in South Carolina, and activity in these industries is not expected to return to pre-2008 levels in the foreseeable future. South Carolina is currently looking to other industries to provide job creation and economic prosperity in the State. 

The current outlook for the national economy in the United States is cautiously optimistic. Throughout 2011 the economy showed mixed signs of recovery, and high unemployment levels persist. The Company expects slow improvement in its market areas in 2012, but there can be no assurance that these expectations will be realized. 

Net interest income increased slightly in 2011 to 12.3 million , as compared to 12.0 million for 2010, as a result of changes in the rate and volume of average earning assets and average interest bearing liabilities. 

Our average earning assets decreased by 27.8 million in 2011. The decrease was due to an 11.0 million decrease in average loans, and a 16.8 million decrease in average investments and federal funds sold during 2011. The decrease in average loans was primarily the result of a slower lending environment brought about by the continued weakened economic environment in the Bank s lending area. The decrease in average investments and federal funds sold was primarily due to the Company s decision not to fully replace securities that were sold or had maturities or paydowns due to the relatively low yields of potential replacement securities caused by the low rate environment. 

Losses incurred in 2011 led to a decrease in average shareholders equity of 15.17 . Average earning assets decreased 6.61 and total net interest income increased 1.97 in 2011. Despite the decrease in average earning assets, the increase in net interest income led to an increase in net interest margin in 2011. Loan loss provisions increased by 6.2 million during 2011. 

Noninterest income decreased by 1.5 million , or 35.48 , in 2011. The decrease in noninterest income was primarily the result of a 1.4 million decrease in gains on the sale of investment securities, a 150,000 decrease in gains on sale of property and equipment, and a 176,000 impairment provision on available for sale securities taken in 2011. There were no such impairments in 2010. The decreases in noninterest income were partially offset by a 250,000 increase in service fees on deposit accounts. 

Noninterest expenses increased by 4.2 million, or 33.57 in 2011. The increase was primarily due to impairment provisions and other expenses related to other real estate owned, net of rental income, which totaled 3.7 million in 2011, as compared to 191,000 in 2010, an increase of 3.5 million. The increase in noninterest expenses was exacerbated by a 485,000 impairment recognized on property and equipment in 2011 that was subsequently sold, as discussed in Note 5 to the audited financial statements. There were no such impairments in 2010. 

As discussed in Note 15 to the audited financial statements, the Company provided a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax asset during 2011, totaling approximately 8.8 million at December 31, 2011, which resulted in income tax expense during 2011 of approximately 4.6 million. 

2 

Critical Accounting Policies 

We have adopted various accounting policies which govern the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America in the preparation of our financial statements. Our significant policies are described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Certain accounting policies involve significant judgments and assumptions by management which have a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities. Management considers such accounting policies to be critical accounting policies. The judgments and assumptions used by management in these critical accounting policies are based on historical experience and other factors, which are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the nature of the judgments and assumptions made by management, actual results could differ from these judgments and estimates, which could have a material impact on the carrying values of our assets and liabilities and our results of operations. 

We believe accounting policies related to investment securities, the allowance for loan losses, other real estate owned, and income taxes require the most significant judgments and estimates used in preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Refer to the discussion under the captions Investment Portfolio, Allowance for Loan Losses, Real Estate Owned and Income Taxes below and to Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for a detailed description of our estimation process and methodology related to these items. 

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 

Results of Operations 

General 

We had a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2011 of 16.5 million, or 3.12 per basic share, compared to net income for the year ended December 31, 2010 of 69,000, or 0.01 per basic share. We had net interest income of 12.3 million for 2011, as compared to 12.0 million for 2010. We also had noninterest income (principally earnings on Company Owned Life Insurance, service charges, gains on sale of assets, and fees and commissions) of 2.8 million in 2011 and 4.3 million in 2010. We provided 10.0 million and 3.8 million to our allowance for loan losses in 2011 and 2010, respectively, and had noninterest expenses (principally salaries and benefits, occupancy, furniture and equipment, professional fees, and insurance) of 16.9 million in 2011 and 12.7 million in 2010. Additionally, due to a full valuation allowance taken on our deferred tax asset, we had income tax expense of approximately 4.6 million in 2011, compared to a tax benefit of approximately 193,000 in 2010. 

Net Interest Income 

During the year ended December 31, 2011, net interest income was 12.3 million, as compared to 12.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2010. This increase was attributable to changes in the rate and volume of average earning assets and average interest bearing liabilities. Average interest earning assets decreased to 392.3 million in 2011 from 420.0 million in 2010. The decrease in volume was primarily attributable to a 16.8 million decrease in average investments and fed funds sold, and an 11.0 million decrease in average loans. The average yield on interest earning assets decreased from 5.11 to 4.82 from 2010 to 2011, while the average cost of interest bearing liabilities decreased from 2.26 to 1.75 . The net yield on average interest earning assets increased from 2.86 in 2010 to 3.12 in 2011. The increase in net yield on average interest earning assets was primarily due to the decrease in yields on average loans, the largest individual component of interest earning assets, being less than the decrease in rates on average deposits. Average loans decreased by 11.0 million during 2011, and the yield on these loans decreased by 0.39 due to falling interest rates while average interest bearing deposits decreased by 16.2 million and the rates paid on these deposits decreased by 0.51 due to falling interest rates. Nonperforming assets, which totaled 29.9 million and 31.8 million at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, suppressed the net interest margin in both periods, as the majority of nonperforming assets consisted of nonaccrual loans and other real estate owned which do not produce interest income. If liquidated, the cash received for these assets could be used to reduce interest bearing liabilities which would have the effect of lowering interest expense. 

During the year ended December 31, 2010, net interest income was 12.0 million, as compared to 12.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2009. This decrease was attributable to changes in the rate and volume of average earning assets and average interest bearing liabilities. Average interest earning assets decreased to 420.0 million in 2010 from 443.5 million in 2009. The decrease in volume was primarily attributable to a 49.6 million decrease in average loans, partially offset by a combined 26.1 million increase in average investments, interest bearing cash, and federal funds sold. The average yield on interest earning assets decreased from 5.59 to 5.11 from 2009 to 2010, while the average cost of interest bearing liabilities decreased from 2.76 to 2.26 . The net yield on average interest earning assets decreased from 2.91 in 2009 to 2.86 in 2010. The decrease in net yield on average interest earning assets was primarily due to decreases in average balances and yields on average loans, the largest individual component of interest earning assets. Average loans decreased by 49.6 million during 2010, and the yield on these loans decreased by 0.14 due to falling interest rates. 

3 

Net Interest Income (continued) 

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, information related to our average balance sheets and average yields on assets and average rates paid on liabilities. Such yields and rates are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balance of the corresponding assets or liabilities. 

For the year ended 

For the year ended 

For the year ended 

December 31, 2011 

December 31, 2010 

December 31, 2009 

Average 

Income/ 

Yield/ 

Average 

Income/ 

Yield/ 

Average 

Income/ 

Yield/ 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Balance 

Expense 

Rate 

Balance 

Expense 

Rate 

Balance 

Expense 

Rate 

Assets: 

Cash and Federal Funds Sold 

14,073 

34 

0.24 

18,153 

51 

0.28 

12,235 

18 

0.15 

Investments - taxable 

59,658 

1,466 

2.46 

73,002 

2,149 

2.94 

48,497 

1,888 

3.89 

Investments - nontaxable (1) 

9,761 

388 

3.98 

9,143 

375 

4.10 

13,447 

573 

4.26 

Total investments and federal funds sold 

83,492 

1,888 

2.26 

100,298 

2,575 

2.57 

74,179 

2,479 

3.34 

Loans (2)(3) 

308,791 

17,017 

5.51 

319,742 

18,869 

5.90 

369,329 

22,315 

6.04 

Total Earning Assets 

392,283 

18,905 

4.82 

420,040 

21,444 

5.11 

443,508 

24,794 

5.59 

Other Assets 

62,629 

77,535 

73,142 

Total Assets 

454,912 

497,575 

516,650 

Liabilities: 

Savings and demand deposits 

104,471 

1,231 

1.18 

83,408 

1,253 

1.50 

67,818 

949 

1.40 

Time deposits 

203,313 

3,018 

1.48 

240,598 

4,695 

1.95 

260,500 

7,060 

2.71 

Other borrowings 

62,036 

2,215 

3.57 

82,716 

2,951 

3.57 

90,796 

3,217 

3.54 

Subordinated debt 

10,310 

183 

1.77 

10,310 

524 

5.08 

10,310 

641 

6.22 

Total interest bearing liabilities/interest expense 

380,130 

6,647 

1.75 

417,032 

9,423 

2.26 

429,424 

11,867 

2.76 

Non-interest bearing liabilities 

36,244 

35,114 

37,069 

Total Liabilities 

416,374 

452,146 

466,493 

Equity 

38,538 

45,429 

50,157 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

454,912 

497,575 

516,650 

Net interest income/margin (4) 

12,258 

3.12 

12,021 

2.86 

12,927 

2.91 

Net interest spread (5) 

3.07 

2.85 

2.83 

(1) 

Yield is not calculated on a tax equivalent basis due to the full valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset. 

(2) 

Does not include nonaccruing loans. 

(3) 

Income includes loan fees of 622,000 in 2011, 558,000 in 2010, and 604,000 in 2009. 

(4) 

Net interest income divided by total earning assets 

(5) 

Total interest earning assets yield less interest bearing liabilities rate. 

4 

Net Interest Income (continued) 

The following table presents changes in our net interest income which are primarily a result of changes in the volumes (change in volume times old rate), changes in rates (change in rate times old volume), and changes in rate/volume (change in rate times the change in volume) of our interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities. 

Analysis of Change in Net Interest Income 

For the Year ended December 31, 2011 versus the year ended December 31, 2010 (1) 

For the Year ended December 31, 2010 versus the year ended December 31, 2009 (1) 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Volume 

Rate 

Net Change 

Volume 

Rate 

Net Change 

Interest Income: 

Cash and Federal funds sold 

(12) 

(5) 

(17) 

9 

23 

32 

Investments - taxable 

(393) 

(290) 

(683) 

954 

(692) 

262 

Investments - non taxable (2) 

25 

(12) 

13 

(183) 

(14) 

(197) 

Total investments and federal funds sold 

(380) 

(307) 

(687) 

780 

(683) 

97 

Net loans (3)(4) 

(646) 

(1,206) 

(1,852) 

(2,996) 

(450) 

(3,446) 

Total interest income 

(1,026) 

(1,513) 

(2,539) 

(2,216) 

(1,133) 

(3,349) 

Interest expense: 

Savings deposits 

317 

(339) 

(22) 

218 

86 

304 

Time deposits 

(728) 

(949) 

(1,677) 

(539) 

(1,826) 

(2,365) 

Other borrowings 

(738) 

2 

(736) 

(286) 

21 

(265) 

Subordinated Debt 

- 

(341) 

(341) 

- 

(117) 

(117) 

Total interest expense 

(1,149) 

(1,627) 

(2,776) 

(607) 

(1,836) 

(2,443) 

Net interest income 

123 

114 

237 

(1,609) 

703 

(906) 

(1) 

Volume-rate changes have been allocated to each category on a consistent basis between rate and volume. 

(2) 

Yield is not calculated on a tax equivalent basis due to the full valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset. 

(3) 

Includes loan fees of 622,000 in 2011, 558,000 in 2010, and 604,000 in 2009 

(4) 

Does not include nonaccruing loans. 

During 2012, management expects that interest rates will remain relatively unchanged. Therefore, any improvements in net interest income for 2012 are expected to be largely the result of increases in volume and changes in the mix of interest-earning assets and liabilities. Additionally, a reduction in overall levels of average nonperforming assets would provide margin improvement, as the proceeds from disposal of these assets could be invested into interest bearing deposits or utilized to repay interest bearing liabilities as they come due. Management expects to continue to use aggressive marketing strategies to increase our bank's market share for both deposits and quality loans within its service areas in the Charleston, South Carolina, metropolitan area. These strategies involve offering attractive interest rates and continuing our bank's commitment to providing outstanding customer service. However, until demand for loans to qualified borrowers increases, increases in loans are likely to be modest. 

Market Risk - Interest Rate Sensitivity 

Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and rates. Our market risk arises principally from interest rate risk inherent in our lending, deposit, and borrowing activities. Management actively monitors and manages our interest rate risk exposure. Although we manage other non- market risks, such as credit quality and liquidity risk in the normal course of business, management considers interest rate risk to be our most significant market risk that could potentially have the largest material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Other types of market risk such as foreign currency exchange risk and commodity price risk do not affect us directly. 

5 

Market Risk - Interest Rate Sensitivity (continued) 

Achieving consistent growth in net interest income is the primary goal of our asset/liability function. We attempt to control the mix and maturities of assets and liabilities to achieve consistent growth in net interest income despite changes in market interest rates. We seek to accomplish this goal while maintaining adequate liquidity and capital. We believe our asset/liability mix is sufficiently balanced so that the effect of interest rates moving in either direction is not expected to be material over time. 

Interest rate sensitivity management is concerned with the timing and magnitude of repricing assets compared to liabilities and is an important part of asset/liability management. It is the objective of interest rate sensitivity management to generate stable growth in net interest income and to control the risks associated with interest rate movement. Management constantly reviews interest rate risk exposure and the expected interest rate environment so that adjustments in interest rate sensitivity can be made in a timely manner. 

Our Bank s Asset/Liability Committee uses a simulation model to assist in achieving consistent growth in net interest income while managing interest rate risk. The model takes into account interest rate changes as well as changes in the mix and volume of assets and liabilities. The model simulates our Bank s balance sheet and income statement under several different rate scenarios. The model s inputs (such as interest rates and levels of loans and deposits) are updated on a quarterly basis in order to obtain the most accurate forecast possible. The forecast presents information over a twelve-month period. It reports a base case in which interest rates remain flat and variations that occur when rates increase or decrease 100, 200, 300, and 400 basis points. According to the model as of December 31, 2011, our Bank is positioned so that net interest income would increase 450,000 and net income would increase 450,000 if rates were to rise 100 basis points in the next twelve months. Conversely, net interest income would decrease 345,000, and net income would decrease 450,000 if interest rates were to decline 100 basis points in the next twelve months. Given the Federal Funds target rate of between 0 and 25 basis points at December 31, 2011, management considers a substantial decline in interest rates highly unlikely. Computation of prospective effects of hypothetical interest rate changes are based on numerous assumptions, including relative levels of market interest rates and loan prepayments, and should not be relied upon as indicative of actual results. Further, the computations do not contemplate any actions our Bank could undertake in response to changes in interest rates or the effects of responses by others, including borrowers and depositors. 

The Interest Sensitivity Analysis below indicates that, on a cumulative basis through twelve months, repricing rate sensitive liabilities exceeded rate sensitive assets, resulting in a liability sensitive position at December 31, 2011 of 136.2 million for a cumulative gap ratio of (37.45 ). When interest sensitive liabilities exceed interest sensitive assets for a specific repricing "horizon," a negative interest sensitivity gap results. The gap is positive when interest sensitive assets exceed interest sensitive liabilities. For a bank with a negative gap, such as our Bank, rising interest rates would be expected to have a negative effect on net interest income and falling rates would be expected to have the opposite effect. However, as noted above, our simulation model indicates that rising rates would have a positive effect on our net interest income. The simulation model differs from the Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis primarily in its assumptions related to interest bearing transaction accounts, savings and money market accounts, and time deposits. The simulation model assumes that a change of 100 basis points in an indexed interest rate, such as the Federal Funds rate, would produce only a fractional change in rates paid on these types of deposit accounts, and these changes would not be immediate, but would lag behind the market rate changes. Due to the sophistication of the inputs and assumptions used in our simulation model, we believe that it produces more realistic outcomes of potential interest rate scenarios than the Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis. 

The table below reflects the balances of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities at the earlier of their repricing or maturity dates. Interest-earning deposits in other banks are reflected at the deposits' maturity dates. Loans not accruing interest are not included in the table. Repurchase agreements, Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings and subordinated debt (collectively, Other borrowings) are reflected in the earliest contractual repricing interval due to the immediately available nature of these funds. Interest-bearing liabilities with no contractual maturity, such as interest-bearing transaction accounts and savings deposits, are reflected in the earliest repricing interval due to contractual arrangements which give management the opportunity to vary the rates paid on these deposits within a 30-day or shorter period. However, our Bank is under no obligation to vary the rates paid on those deposits within any given period. Fixed rate time deposits are reflected at their contractual maturity dates. Fixed rate advances are reflected at their contractual maturity dates, and variable rate advances are reflected in the earliest repricing interval because they were borrowed under the daily rate credit option, and reprice daily. Fixed rate advances with conversion features that may become variable rate are reflected at the earlier of their repricing or maturity dates. 

6 

Market Risk - Interest Rate Sensitivity (continued) 

Interest Sensitivity Analysis 

December 31, 2011 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Within Three Months 

After Three Through Twelve Months 

One Through Five Years 

Greater Than Five Years 

Total 

Assets 

Interest earning assets: 

Interest earning deposits in other banks 

12,085 

- 

- 

- 

12,085 

Investment securities 

4,772 

- 

- 

47,469 

52,241 

Loans Held for sale 

995 

- 

- 

- 

995 

Loans (1) 

81,804 

92,582 

42,928 

81,158 

298,472 

Total Earning Assets 

99,656 

92,582 

42,928 

128,627 

363,793 

Liabilities 

Interest bearing liabilities: 

Interest bearing transaction accounts 

56,286 

- 

- 

- 

56,286 

Savings and money market 

59,516 

- 

- 

- 

59,516 

Time deposits - 100,000 and over 

10,266 

29,407 

2,124 

- 

41,797 

Other time deposits 

26,694 

79,157 

18,576 

- 

124,427 

Total interest bearing deposits 

152,762 

108,564 

20,700 

- 

282,026 

Other borrowings 

62,160 

5,000 

10,000 

- 

77,160 

Total interest bearing liabilities 

214.922 

113,564 

30,700 

- 

359,186 

Interest sensitivity gap 

(115,266) 

(20,982) 

12,228 

128,627 

Cumulative interest sensitivity gap 

(115,266) 

(136,248) 

(124,020) 

4,607 

Ratio of cumulative gap to earning assets 

-31.68 

-37.45 

-34.09 

1.27 

(1) 

Does not include nonaccruing loans. 

Provision for Loan Losses 

The allowance for loan losses, established through charges to the provision for loan losses, allows for estimated loan losses inherent in our loan portfolio. Loan losses or recoveries are charged or credited directly to the allowance. The level of the allowance is based on management's judgment of the amount needed to maintain an allowance adequate to provide for probable losses in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date, although the exact amount of such losses and in some cases the specific loans cannot be identified yet. We provided 10.0 million, and 3.8 million to the allowance during the years ended December 31, 2011, and 2010, respectively. We believe the provisions made to the allowance for loan losses allowed us to maintain an adequate allowance for probable incurred losses for each of these periods. See Allowance for Loan Losses below. 

7 

Noninterest Income 

Noninterest income, which consists primarily of service fees on deposits, gains and fees on loans sold, other fee income, Company Owned Life Insurance earnings, and gains on sales of securities and fixed assets totaled 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to 4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2010, a decrease of 1.5 million. The decrease in noninterest income was primarily the result of a 1.4 million decrease in gains on the sale of investment securities, a 150,000 decrease in gains on sale of property and equipment, and a 176,000 impairment provision on available for sale securities taken in 2011. There were no such impairments in 2010. The decreases in noninterest income were partially offset by a 250,000 increase in service fees on deposit accounts, primarily due to growth in transaction account balances between the two years. Noninterest bearing deposit accounts totaled approximately 34.1 million and 28.9 million at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Interest bearing transaction accounts totaled approximately 56.3 million and 46.1 million at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

Noninterest Expenses 

Noninterest expenses, which consist primarily of salaries and employee benefits, occupancy, furniture and equipment, and insurance expenses, totaled 16.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to 12.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2010, an increase of 4.2 million. The increase in noninterest expense during 2011 was primarily due to impairment provisions for other real estate owned and other expenses, net of rental income of 3.7 million in 2011, compared to 191,000 in 2010, an increase of 3.5 million. In management s judgment, impairment provisions taken during 2011 reflect conservative liquidation values that can be achieved through prompt sales of real estate. Additionally, the Company recognized a 485,000 impairment on property and equipment in 2011, compared with no impairment in 2010. 

Income Taxes 

We recorded income tax expense of 4.6 million, and an income tax benefit of 193,000, for the years ended December 31, 2011, and 2010, respectively. The current year s income tax expense is primarily related to a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset. Certain items of income and expense (principally provision for loan losses and depreciation) are included in one reporting period for financial accounting purposes and another for income tax purposes. 

8 

Financial Condition 

Investment Portfolio 

As of December 31, 2011, our available-for-sale investment portfolio comprised approximately 11.5 of our total assets. The following table summarizes the carrying value amounts of available-for-sale securities we held at December 31, 2011, and 2010. All securities are held available-for-sale and are stated at estimated fair value. 

Securities Portfolio Composition 

December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Book Value 

Net Unrealized Holding Gain/ (Loss) 

Fair Value 

Book Value 

Net Unrealized Holding Gain/ (Loss) 

Fair Value 

Book Value 

Net Unrealized Holding Gain/ (Loss) 

Fair Value 

Available-for Sale 

Mortgage -backed securities 

Government sponsored Enterprises (1) 

37,688 

544 

38,232 

57,532 

(849) 

56,683 

50,262 

(189) 

50,073 

Other 

1,539 

6 

1,545 

1,875 

5 

1,880 

1,978 

(197) 

1,781 

U.S. States and politcal subdivisions (2) 

7,189 

416 

7,605 

12,257 

(169) 

12,088 

7,196 

20 

7,216 

Other Investments (3) 

4,493 

(2,607) 

1,886 

4,660 

(3,005) 

1,655 

4,651 

(2,945) 

1,706 

Total 

50,909 

(1,641) 

49,268 

76,324 

(4,018) 

72,306 

64,087 

(3,311) 

60,776 

(1) 

Includes securities secured by pools of mortgages from various issuers, including FNMA and FHLMC 

(2) 

Yield is not calculated on a tax equivalent basis due to the full valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset. 

(3) 

Includes trust preferred and other equity securities. 

The unrealized loss attributable to Other investments for December 31, 2011 relates to our investments in two pooled trust preferred securities. The table below outlines these investments. 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Security Description 

Credit Tranche 

Interest Payment Status 

Tax Equivalent Book Yield 

Book Value 

Unrealized Holding Loss 

Fair Value 

ALESCO 9A 

A2 

Active 

1.51 

1,801 

825 

976 

PreTSL 27 

C1 

PIK 

1.63 

1,732 

1,718 

14 

3,533 

2,543 

990 

The value of these securities has been adversely affected by a lack of liquidity in the market for these securities as well as the current coupon interest rates on the securities. The book yields on these securities represent a combination of the coupon interest rates and accretive discounts on these securities. These securities pay variable rates of interest based on three month LIBOR. The current tax equivalent book yields reflect three month LIBOR at December 31, 2011. Current market rates of interest for capital borrowings vary based on issuer, but the tax equivalent book yields reflected in the above table are significantly lower than current market rates for such borrowings. 

9 

Securities Portfolio Composition (continued) 

The first security above is currently paying interest and is over collateralized by 16.57 . This means that, for the credit tranche owned by the Company, the total dollar value of performing issuers in the pool exceeds total Class A notes outstanding by 16.57 . Accordingly, the Company is receiving contractual interest payments on these securities. Based on the over collateralized position of this security and the current nature of its interest payments this security was deemed not to have other than temporary impairment, as projected cash flows support the book value of the security. 

The second security above is a Class C note and is currently receiving payment in kind (PIK) interest. This means that in lieu of cash interest payments, interest is being capitalized and added to the Company s principal investment in the security. Class A note holders of this security are currently receiving cash payments of principal in addition to contractual interest payments. These principal payments are helping to satisfy the over collateralization requirements of the Class A Notes. If and when these requirements are met, the Class B Notes will begin to receive principal payments to meet their over collateralization requirements, followed by the Class C Notes, and then the Class D Notes. Management has engaged a third party firm specializing in securities valuations to evaluate this security s principal and payment in kind interest for potential other-than-temporary impairment. This firm performed a discounted cash flow analysis which showed approximately 176,000 of credit loss as referenced in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. This analysis was performed with relevant assumptions about projected default probabilities for the underlying issuers in this security. However, management has discontinued accrual of interest on this security due to the payment in kind interest on the security and the overall credit deterioration in the security. If the underlying issuers in this security show additional financial deterioration, the Company may recognize other than temporary impairment in the future. See Note 3 to the audited financial statements for further information about these securities. 

The following table presents maturities and weighted average yields of securities available-for-sale at December 31, 2011. Available-for-sale securities are stated at estimated fair value. There were no available-for-sale securities with maturities in time periods not presented in the table. Equity securities have no maturity and are shown as a separate category. Maturities for mortgage-backed securities are not listed due to their tendency to have frequent prior to maturity paydowns. 

Securities Portfolio Maturities and Yields 

December 31, 2011 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Fair Value 

Yield 

Government sponsored enterprises 

Mortgage backed 

39,777 

2.36 

U.S. States and political subdivisions (1) 

Due from five to ten years 

2,893 

4.19 

Due after ten years 

4,712 

3.96 

Total 

7,605 

4.05 

Other investments 

Due after ten years 

1,800 

Equity securities with no maturities or stated yields 

86 

Total 

49,268 

(1) 

Yields are not calculated on a tax equivalent basis due to the full valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset. 

10 

Loan Portfolio 

Management believes the loan portfolio is adequately diversified. The loan portfolio is not concentrated in loans to any single borrower or a relatively small number of borrowers. The only concentrations of loans to classes of borrowers or industries that would be similarly affected by economic conditions of which management is aware are for residential mortgage loans, commercial real estate loans, and construction and land development loans geographically concentrated in the Company s market area. The Company does not make foreign loans. Because we operate a community bank, nearly all of the loans are to borrowers in, or secured by real estate located in, or near, our market area. See Note 1 to Consolidated Financial Statements, Concentrations of Credit Risk, for further information. 

The amounts of loans outstanding are shown in the following table according to type of loan for the following dates: 

Loan Portfolio Composition 

December 31, 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

2011 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Real estate secured loans: 

Residential 1-4 Family 

166,414 

156,766 

157,236 

168,496 

161,350 

Multifamily 

5,144 

6,657 

5,777 

5,557 

6,501 

Commercial 

81,253 

92,481 

98,639 

104,754 

95,969 

Construction 

39,241 

51,366 

62,194 

87,406 

76,033 

Total real estate secured loans 

292,052 

307,270 

323,846 

366,213 

339,853 

Commercial and Industrial 

25,135 

26,242 

29,231 

34,336 

34,278 

Consumer 

2,037 

2,372 

2,987 

2,922 

3,213 

Other 

515 

565 

848 

1,062 

1,070 

Total Gross Loans 

319,739 

336,449 

356,912 

404,533 

378,414 

Allowance for loan losses 

(10,691) 

(9,513) 

(10,042) 

(7,410) 

(4,297) 

309,048 

326,936 

346,870 

397,123 

374,117 

A certain degree of risk is inherent in the extension of credit. Management has established loan and credit policies designed to control both the types and amounts of risks assumed and to ultimately minimize losses. Such policies include limitations on loan-to-collateral values for various types of collateral, requirements for appraisals of real estate collateral, problem loan management practices and collection procedures, and nonaccrual and charge-off guidelines. 

Commercial loans primarily represent loans made to businesses and may be made on either a secured or an unsecured basis. Approximately 33.3 of our bank's loan portfolio at December 31, 2011 was comprised of commercial loans, 76.4 of which were secured by real estate (shown in the table below as Real Estate Secured Loans Commercial ). Commercial loans not secured by real estate were classified as Commercial and Industrial, as set forth in the table above. When taken, collateral on loans not secured by real estate may consist of liens on receivables, equipment, inventories, furniture and fixtures and other business assets. Commercial loans are usually made to businesses to provide working capital, expand physical assets or acquire assets. Commercial loans will generally not exceed a 20-year maturity and will usually have regular amortization payments. Commercial loans to most business entities require guarantees of their principals. Commercial lending involves significant risk because repayment usually depends on the cash flows generated by a borrower's business, and the debt service capacity of a business can deteriorate because of downturns in national and local economic conditions, as well as situations particular to a borrower s business or industry. Initial and continuing financial analysis of a borrower's financial information is required to control this risk. 

Construction and land development loans represent 12.3 of the loan portfolio and typically consist of financing for the construction of 1-4 family dwellings and some non-farm, non-residential real estate. Usually, loan-to-value ratios are limited to 80 , and permanent financing commitments are required prior to the advancement of loan proceeds. Included in total real estate construction and land development loans at December 31, 2011, were 11.2 million in residential construction loans, 1.5 million in residential land development loans, 10.9 million in residential lot loans, 

11 

Loan Portfolio Composition (continued) 

7.9 million in commercial lot loans, 1 million of other commercial construction loans, 3.4 million of loans secured by raw land, and 3.3 million of other commercial purpose land loans. 

Residential real estate loans comprised approximately 53.7 of our Bank's loan portfolio at December 31, 2011. Residen tial real estate loans consist mainly of first and second mortgage loans on single family homes, with some multifamily real estate loans. Loan-to-value ratios for these instruments are generally limited to 80 . 

Total loans outstanding decreased by 16.7 million between December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2011. This decrease is attributable to several factors. Due to the continued downturn in the economy experienced during 2011, the Company charged off 9.3 million in loans to its allowance for loan losses, and brought 9.4 million of foreclosed loans into other real estate owned. As discussed in Note 6 to the audited financial statements, the Company financed the sale of approximately 4.2 million and 6.6 million of other real estate owned during 2011 and 2010, respectively. The Company realized deferred gains on these transactions during 2011 and 2010 totaling 143,745 and 0. 

Maturity and Interest Sensitivity Distribution of Loans 

The following table sets forth the maturity distribution of our loans, by type, at December 31, 2011, as well as the type of interest requirement on such loans. 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

One Year or Less 

Over One Year Through Five Years 

Over Five Years 

Total 

Real estate secured loans: 

Residential 1-4 Family 

8,185 

7,912 

150,317 

166,414 

Multifamily 

- 

- 

5,144 

5,144 

Commercial 

7,274 

7,374 

66,605 

81,253 

Construction 

16,369 

7,781 

15,091 

39,241 

Total real estate secured loans 

31,828 

23,067 

237,157 

292,052 

Commercial and Industrial 

9,534 

9,405 

6,196 

25,135 

Consumer 

578 

865 

594 

2,037 

Other 

58 

198 

259 

515 

41,998 

33,535 

244,206 

319,739 

Predetermined rate, maturity greater than one year 

- 

18,171 

77,366 

95,537 

Variable rate or maturity within one year 

41,998 

15,364 

166,840 

224,202 

Nonperforming Loans And Other Problem Assets 

When a loan is 90 days past due on interest or principal or there is serious doubt as to collectibility, the accrual of interest income is generally discontinued unless the estimated net realizable value of collateral is sufficient to assure the likelihood of collection of the principal balance and accrued interest. When the collectibility of a significant amount of principal is in serious doubt, the principal balance is reduced to the estimated fair value of collateral by a charge-off to the allowance for loan losses, and any subsequent collections are credited first to the remaining principal balance and then to the allowance for loan losses as a recovery of the amount charged off. A nonaccrual loan is not returned to accrual status unless principal and interest are current and the borrower has demonstrated the ability to continue making payments as agreed. When a loan s terms have been modified from the original note and the modified terms represent a concession made by the Company due to a borrower s financial difficulty, a troubled debt restructuring exists. Troubled debt restructurings contain terms the Company would not customarily offer in the ordinary course of business. See Notes 1 and 4 to the audited financial statements for additional information about nonperforming loans and other problem assets. At December 31, 2011, we had 21.3 million of nonaccrual loans, no loans 90 days or more past due still accruing interest, and 1.1 million of troubled debt restructurings. The gross interest income which would have been recorded under the original terms of the nonaccrual loans amounted to 1.4 million in 2011. No interest on nonaccruing loans was included in net income for 2011. No interest income on loans 90 days or more past due that were still accruing interest was recognized during 2011. The gross interest income that would have been recognized according to the original loan terms on loans that are troubled debt restructurings during 2011 totaled 73,000; actual interest income recognized on these loans according to the restructured terms totaled 72,000. 

12 

Nonperforming Loans And Other Problem Assets (continued) 

The following table presents information on nonperforming loans and real estate acquired in settlement of loans: 

December 31, 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

2011 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

Nonperforming loans: 

Nonaccrual loans 

21,268 

19,613 

19,294 

8,934 

893 

Past due 90 days or more 

- 

44 

- 

5,373 

3,451 

Restructured loans 

1,064 

3,208 

1,850 

- 

- 

Total nonperforming loans 

22,332 

22,865 

21,144 

14,307 

4,344 

Real estate acquired in settlement of loans 

9,323 

8,923 

9,789 

2,074 

194 

Total nonperforming assets 

31,655 

31,788 

30,933 

16,381 

4,538 

Nonperforming assets as a percentage of loans and other real estate owned 

9.62 

9.20 

8.44 

4.03 

1.20 

Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of nonperforming loans 

47.87 

41.61 

47.50 

51.79 

98.93 

Each individual nonperforming loan and borrower relationship is less than 15 of total nonperforming loans. 

The elevated levels of nonperforming loans during 2011, 2010, and 2009 reflect the continued downturn of the general and local economy, coupled with a general decrease in real estate values. The economic downturn has impacted developers, builders, and others associated with the real estate business most significantly, but has also impacted local businesses and consumers, as unemployment has increased and consumer spending has decreased throughout much of the two years. Management expects nonperforming assets to remain at elevated levels until a clear and sustainable economic recovery takes place. 

The Company s total nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2011 and 2010 have been reduced by 3.2 million and 2.8 million in chargeoffs, respectively. These amounts are detailed in Note 4 to the audited financial statements. 

Potential Problem Loans 

Management identifies and maintains a list of potential problem loans. These are loans that are actively accruing interest and are not past due 90 days or more. A loan is added to the potential problem list when management becomes aware of information about possible credit problems of the borrower which raises doubt about the borrower s ability to continue to comply with current loan repayment terms. At December 31, 2011 potential problem loans totaled 13.5 million. These loans had risk grades of 7. A description of loan risk grades is included in the Allowance for Loan Losses portion of this discussion. Approximately 10.6 million of this amount represented loans secured by real estate. Management closely tracks the current values of real estate collateral when assessing the collectability of potential problem loans secured by real estate. 

13 

Real Estate Owned 

At December 31, 2011 and 2010, we had 9.3 million and 8.9 million, respectively, of real estate owned pursuant to foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure. Other real estate owned is initially recorded at its estimated fair market value less estimated selling costs. The estimated fair market value is determined by current appraisals, comparable sales, and other estimates of value obtained principally from independent sources. Subsequently, other real estate owned is carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. The carrying value is generally reevaluated annually on the anniversary of acquisition. Any declines to fair value less costs to sell are recorded as charges to impairment provision for other real estate owned. Discounts to appraised values are included for estimated selling costs and holding period costs. An additional discount is also calculated based on the properties being bank owned. The amounts of these discounts vary among properties based on property type, estimated time to sell, and any other factors of which management may be aware. 

Real Estate Owned by Property Type 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Commercial Office Properties 

4,941 

1,917 

Commercial Lots 

415 

908 

Residential 1-4 Family Lots and Homes Under Construction 

3,224 

4,256 

Residential 1-4 Family Homes 

743 

1,622 

Multifamily Properties 

- 

220 

Total Other Real Estate Owned 

9,323 

8,923 

The largest individual property included in other real estate owned totals 1.8 million in book value and consists of 10,000 square feet of retail/commercial use property on 3 acres of land. Other significant properties include twenty- six town home pads, two patio home lots, and approximately four and a half acres of land zoned for commercial use, with an aggregate book value of 1.2 million, and a 130 room motel on two and a half acres of land, with a book value of 1.7 million. The Company also owns multiple single family home and commercial lots and finished single family homes, as well as additional commercial office properties. 

The Company actively markets other real estate owned with the goal of maximizing the realized value of the properties. During 2011, sales proceeds from other real estate owned totaled 6.8 million. The Company recognized 519,000 in aggregate gains on the sale of these properties. However, these results may not be indicative of future outcomes of sales of other real estate owned. 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

The allowance for loan losses is increased by provisions which are direct charges to operating expense. Losses on loans are charged against the allowance in the period in which management has determined that it is more likely than not such loans have become uncollectible. Recoveries of previously charged off loans are credited to the allowance. Sales of other real estate owned acquired through foreclosure do not impact the allowance for loan losses, and any gains or losses as a result of these sales are accounted for separately in noninterest expenses. 

In reviewing the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, management takes into consideration the historical loan losses we experienced, current economic conditions affecting the ability of our borrowers to repay, the volume of loans and the trends in delinquent, nonaccrual, and potential problem loans, and the quality of collateral securing nonperforming and problem loans. After charging off all known losses, management considers the allowance for loan losses adequate to cover its estimate of inherent losses in the loan portfolio as of December 31, 2011. 

In calculating the amount required for the allowance for loan losses, management applies a consistent methodology that is updated quarterly and is designed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and regulatory guidance. The methodology utilizes a loan risk grading system and detailed loan reviews to assess credit risks and the overall quality of the loan portfolio. Also, the calculation provides for management's assessment of trends in national and local economic conditions that might affect the general quality of the loan portfolio. Regulators review the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses as part of their examination of our Bank and may require adjustments to the allowance based upon information available to them at the time of the examination. During 2011, the Company had 8.8 million in net loan chargeoffs and a 1.7 million increase in nonaccruing loans. Though gross loans declined by 16.7 million during 2011, the Company made 10 million in loan loss provisions during the year due to the continued elevated level of nonperforming loans. At December 31, 2011 the allowance for loan losses totaled 10.7 million. 

14 

Allowance for Loan Losses (continued) 

Our allowance for loan losses has a general reserve component and a specific reserves component. The general reserve is allocated to pools of loans based on loan type, with each loan type assigned a reserve percentage. The reserve percentage is based on historical chargeoff percentages and economic risk factors indexed for current delinquency rates for each loan type. Historical chargeoffs are calculated by taking the average of the Company s prior four quarters loss experience Economic risk factors considered in the calculation include loans with loan to value ratios higher than policy guidelines, adjustable and variable rate loans, which can experience repayment stress during times of rising interest rates, growth in the loan portfolio, lending personnel changes, and incomplete loan documentation. The Company uses a weighted degree of risk for each of these factors based on the levels of delinquency for each loan type. The table below shows the results of these calculations and the resulting reserve percentage for each loan type as of December 31, 2011. 

Loan Type 

Historical Losses 

Economic Risks 

Total 

1-4 Family Residential Construction 

1.76 

0.67 

2.43 

Other Construction and Development 

0.50 

1.06 

1.56 

Farmland 

0.00 

0.35 

0.35 

Home Equity Lines of Credit 

1.04 

0.28 

1.32 

Senior Lien 1-4 Family 

0.83 

0.29 

1.11 

Junior Lien 1-4 Family 

0.23 

1.45 

1.68 

Multi-Family Residential 

5.26 

0.52 

5.78 

Owner Occupied Commercial Property 

2.06 

0.61 

2.67 

Other Commercial Property 

0.00 

1.45 

1.45 

Commercial and Industrial 

4.49 

3.75 

8.24 

Consumer Lines of Credit 

0.50 

0.85 

1.35 

Consumer Installment 

1.79 

0.76 

2.55 

Automobile 

0.82 

0.76 

1.58 

Other Loans 
 0.00 
 
 0.40 

0.40 

The required reserve percentages described above are further adjusted to account for the total internal loan risk grade classifications within each loan type. Management feels the following adjustments appropriately address the risk level defined by each loan risk classification. 

Grade 

Description 

1 

Loans secured by cash collateral. 

2 

Loans secured by readily marketable collateral. 

3 

Top quality loans with excellent repayment sources and no significant identifiable risk of collection. 

4 

Acceptable loans with adequate repayment sources and little identifiable risk of collection. 

5 

Acceptable loans with signs of weakness as to repayment or collateral, but with mitigating factors that minimize the risk of loss. 

6 

Watch List or Special Mention loans with underwriting tolerances and/or exceptions with no mitigating factors that may, due to economic or other factors, increase the risk of loss. 

7 

Classified substandard loans inadequately protected by the paying capacity or worth of the obligor, or of the collateral, and with weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. 

8 

Classified doubtful loans in which collection or liquidation in full is highly improbable. 

9 

Classified loss loans that are uncollectible and of such little value that continuance as an asset is not warranted. 

The general reserve calculation described above accounts for repayment risk that is allocable to all loans within each loan type. There are additional risks that apply only to certain pools of loans that are not segregated by loan type. These risk factors relate to certain higher risk loans such as variable rate loans and loans with excessive loan to value ratios, capital concentrations by collateral type, and new loan production levels. A reserve for these factors is calculated using a standard methodology and is included in the other general reserves portion of the calculation and combined with the result of the calculations described above and the total unallocated Allowance for Loan Losses to arrive at the total general reserve. The unallocated portion of the general reserve totaled approximately 1.4 million and approximately 300,000 at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. These amounts provide reserves against environmental factors such as continued high unemployment, further home price deterioration, and continued weakness in commercial real estate caused by higher vacancy rates and the lower resultant rent rates that can lead to additional levels of losses in our loan portfolio. They also provide reserves necessitated by fluctuations in historical loss rates which are computed on a trailing quarter basis. Loan chargeoffs processed during the fourth quarter of 2011 will affect the March 31, 2012 Allowance For Loan Losses Calculation and might lead to additional reserves as a result of their inclusion in the historical chargeoffs computation. Included in unallocated reserves as of December 31, 2011 was approximately 600,000 for commercial real estate credits identified to have potential credit losses; however, management has not yet finalized its analysis of the credits and related collateral. 

15 

Allowance for Loan Losses (continued) 

The specific reserve calculation is comprised of loans evaluated for impairment on an individual basis. Generally, management evaluates an individual loan for impairment when a loan or group of related loans exceeds 250,000 and we do not expect to receive contractual principal and interest payments in accordance with the note. Generally, these loans have internal risk classifications of 7, 8, or 9, as seen in the chart above. The amount of impairment, and therefore, the required reserve, is the difference, if any, between the principal balance of the loan and the fair value of the most likely payment source, which is generally the liquidation of the underlying collateral, but may also include the present value of expected future cash flows or the loan s observable market price. Collateral fair value is determined based on the most recent appraisal available, adjusted to account for the age of the appraisal, estimated selling costs, and estimated holding period costs. An additional discount is also calculated based on the presumption that the collateral will be bank owned. The amounts of these discounts vary among properties based on property type, estimated time to sell, and any other factors of which management may be aware. Loans evaluated for impairment on an individual basis are not evaluated as part of the general reserve calculation. 

The table below shows the allocation of the Company s allowance for loan losses by loan type and by general reserve and specific reserve for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, 2009, 2008, and 2007. 

Detail of Allowance for Loan Losses Allocation 

Year Ended December 31, 2011 

General Reserve 

Specific Reserve 

Total 

Percentage of Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Construction and Land Development 

625 

8 

633 

5.92 

Farmland 

1 

- 

1 

0.01 

1-4 Family Residential 

1,845 

606 

2,451 

22.93 

Multi-Family Residential 

175 

122 

297 

2.78 

Commercial Real Estate 

1,691 

718 

2,409 

22.53 

Commercial and Industrial 

1,898 

- 

1,898 

17.75 

Consumer and Other 

40 

- 

40 

0.38 

Other General Reserves 

1,515 

- 

1,515 

14.17 

Unallocated 

1,447 

- 

1,447 

13.53 

Total Allowance 

9,237 

1,454 

10,691 

100.00 

Year Ended December 31, 2010 

General Reserve 

Specific Reserve 

Total 

Percentage of Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Construction and Land Development 

2,333 

639 

2,972 

31.24 

Farmland 

2 

- 

2 

0.02 

1-4 Family Residential 

1,723 

809 

2,532 

26.62 

Multi-Family Residential 

69 

289 

358 

3.76 

Commercial Real Estate 

737 

526 

1,263 

13.28 

Commercial and Industrial 

619 

- 

619 

6.51 

Consumer and Other 

122 

- 

122 

1.28 

Other General Reserves 

1,345 

- 

1,345 

14.14 

Unallocated 

300 

- 

300 

3.15 

Total Allowance 

7,250 

2,263 

9,513 

100.00 

16 

Year Ended December 31, 2009 

General Reserve 

Specific Reserve 

Total 

Percentage of Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Construction and Land Development 

1,048 

1,365 

2,413 

24.03 

Farmland 

2 

- 

2 

0.02 

1-4 Family Residential 

1,645 

518 

2,163 

21.54 

Multi-Family Residential 

64 

- 

64 

0.64 

Commercial Real Estate 

698 

1,756 

2,454 

24.44 

Commercial and Industrial 

683 

- 

683 

6.80 

Consumer and Other 

104 

- 

104 

1.04 

Other General Reserves 

1,350 

- 

1,350 

13.44 

Unallocated 

809 

- 

809 

8.05 

Total Allowance 

6,403 

3,639 

10,042 

100.00 

Year Ended December 31, 2008 

General Reserve 

Specific Reserve 

Total 

Percentage of Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Construction and Land Development 

329 

3,177 

3,506 

47.31 

Farmland 

1 

- 

1 

0.01 

1-4 Family Residential 

611 

641 

1,252 

16.90 

Multi-Family Residential 

22 

- 

22 

0.30 

Commercial Real Estate 

397 

550 

947 

12.78 

Commercial and Industrial 

223 

498 

721 

9.73 

Consumer and Other 

21 

17 

38 

0.51 

Other General Reserves 

231 

- 

231 

3.12 

Unallocated 

692 

- 

692 

9.34 

Total Allowance 

2,527 

4,883 

7,410 

100.00 

Year Ended December 31, 2007 

General Reserve 

Specific Reserve 

Total 

Percentage of Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Construction and Land Development 

328 

140 

468 

10.89 

Farmland 

1 

- 

1 

0.01 

1-4 Family Residential 

996 

495 

1,491 

34.70 

Multi-Family Residential 

24 

- 

24 

0.56 

Commercial Real Estate 

372 

280 

652 

15.17 

Commercial and Industrial 

582 

557 

1,139 

26.51 

Consumer and Other 

21 

13 

34 

0.79 

Other General Reserves 

226 

- 

226 

5.26 

Unallocated 

262 

- 

262 

6.12 

Total Allowance 

2,812 

1,485 

4,297 

100.00 

17 

Allowance for Loan Losses (continued) 

The table, "Historical Loan Loss Experience," summarizes loan balances at the end of each period indicated, averages for each period, changes in the allowance arising from charge-offs and recoveries, and additions to the allowance which have been charged to expense. 

Historical Loan Loss Experience 

Year Ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Total Loans Outstanding at end of period 

319,739 

336,449 

356,912 

404,533 

378,414 

Average amount of loans outstanding 

329,523 

344,303 

385,330 

397,283 

368,676 

Balance of allowance for loan losses at beginning of year 

9,513 

10,042 

7,410 

4,297 

4,364 

Loans charged off Construction and Land Development 

4,021 

2,292 

6,496 

281 

- 

1-4 Family Residential 

1,119 

1,327 

2,623 

425 

- 

Multifamily Residential 

502 

50 

126 

- 

- 

Commercial Real Estate 

2,116 

805 

1,133 

- 

- 

Commercial and Industrial 

1,464 

63 

1,505 

434 

62 

Consumer and Other 

28 

132 

82 

93 

18 

Total Chargeoffs 

9,250 

4,669 

11,965 

1,233 

80 

Recoveries of loans previously charged off Construction and Land Development 

124 

33 

- 

44 

- 

1-4 Family Residential 

125 

22 

14 

- 

- 

Commercial Real Estate 

30 

256 

39 

8 

- 

Commercial and Industrial 

125 

23 

- 

- 

8 

Consumer and Other 

1 

5 

- 

- 

5 

Total Recoveries 

405 

339 

53 

52 

13 

Net charge-offs(recoveries) 

8,845 

4,330 

11,912 

1,181 

67 

Additions to allowance charged to expense 

10,023 

3,801 

14,544 

4,294 

- 

Balance of allowance for loan losses at end of year 

10,691 

9,513 

10,042 

7,410 

4,297 

Ratios 

Net charge-offs during period to average loans outstanding during period 

2.68 

1.26 

3.09 

0.30 

0.02 

Net charge-offs to loans at end of period 

2.77 

1.29 

3.34 

0.29 

0.02 

Allowance for loan losses to average loans 

3.24 

2.76 

2.61 

1.87 

1.16 

Allowance for loan losses to loans at end of period 

3.34 

2.83 

2.81 

1.83 

1.14 

Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans at end of period 

47.87 

41.61 

47.50 

51.79 

98.92 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) to allowance for loan losses 

82.73 

45.52 

118.62 

15.94 

1.56 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) to provision for loan losses 

88.25 

113.92 

81.90 

27.50 

N/A 

18 

Allowance for Loan Losses (continued) 

As shown in the table above, the Company has maintained a higher allowance for loan losses to total loans over the last three years as it has experienced heightened levels of nonperforming loans. Elevated chargeoffs and delinquency trends, as well as specific reserves on nonperforming loans, account for the level of the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2011. The ratio of the allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans was at lower-than-historical levels during 2011, 2010, 2009, and 2008 due to the substantial increases in nonperforming loans during these years. 

Deposits 

The average amounts and the average rates we paid on deposits for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 are summarized below: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Amount 

Average Rate Paid 

Amount 

Average Rate Paid 

Amount 

Average Rate Paid 

Noninterest bearing demand 

31,001 

0.00 

26,170 

0.00 

26,829 

0.00 

Interest bearing transaction accounts 

50,557 

1.69 

43,705 

2.12 

29,557 

1.94 

Savings and money market 

53,914 

0.70 

39,703 

0.82 

38,261 

0.98 

Time deposits - 100,000 and over 

47,832 

0.96 

54,013 

1.53 

46,528 

2.47 

Other time deposits 

155,481 

1.65 

186,585 

2.07 

213,972 

2.76 

Total deposits 

338,785 

1.25 

350,176 

1.70 

355,147 

2.26 

As of December 31, 2011, we had 41.8 million in time deposits of 100,000 or more. Of these time deposits of 100,000 or more, 31 million were retail time deposits, and 10.8 million were brokered and wholesale time deposits. We also had 32.1 million in brokered and wholesale time deposits of less than 100,000. Of the time deposits greater than 100,000, approximately 10.3 million had maturities within three months, 12.5 million had maturities over three through six months, 16.9 million had maturities over six through twelve months and 2.1 million had maturities over twelve months. Of the 32.1 million in brokered and wholesale time deposits less than 100,000, approximately 5.2 million had maturities within three months, 3.3 million had maturities over three through six months, 10 million had maturities over six through twelve months, and 13.6 million had maturities over twelve months. It is a common industry practice not to consider brokered and wholesale time deposits and time deposits 100,000 and over as core deposits because their retention can be expected to be heavily influenced by rates offered, and therefore they have the characteristics of shorter-term purchased funds. These deposits involve the maintenance of an appropriate matching of maturity distribution and a diversification of sources of cash to achieve an appropriate level of liquidity. Such deposits are generally more volatile and interest rate sensitive than other deposits. Nevertheless, for the three years shown, such deposits were generally significantly less expensive for us due to the intense competition for local deposits. Total brokered and wholesale deposits were 44.7 million at December 31, 2011 as compared to 79.9 million at December 31, 2010. 

Junior Subordinated Debentures 

In 2005, we established Southcoast Capital Trust III (the Capital Trust ), as a non-consolidated subsidiary. The Capital Trust issued and sold a total of 10,310 floating rate securities, with a 1,000 liquidation amount per security. Institutional buyers bought 10,000 of the floating rate securities denominated as preferred securities and we bought the other 310 floating rate securities which are denominated as common securities. The proceeds of those sales, 10.3 million, were used by the Capital Trust to buy 10.3 million of junior subordinated debentures from us which are reported on our consolidated balance sheets. 

The Capital Securities issued by Capital Trust III mature or are mandatorily redeemable on September 30, 2035. We have the optional right to redeem these securities on or after September 30, 2010. The preferred securities of Capital Trust III total 10.3 million, of which 10.0 million qualify as Tier 1 capital under Federal Reserve Board guidelines, subject to limitations. The Company s investment in the common securities of Capital Trust III totaled 310,000 at December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, and is included in Available for Sale Securities on its consolidated balance sheets. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for more information about the terms of the junior subordinated debentures. 

19 

Contractual Obligations 

The following table shows the payments due on our contractual obligations for the periods shown as of December 31, 2011. 

Payments due by period 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Total 

5 years 

Long-term debt obligations 

73,572 

11,262 

12,000 

10,000 

40,310 

Operating lease obligations 

1,577 

395 

703 

479 

- 

Total 

75,149 

11,657 

12,703 

10,479 

40,310 

Short-Term Borrowings 

At December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, we had outstanding borrowings due within one year of 11.3 million, 21.0 million, and 27.0 million, respectively. Fixed rate borrowings totaled 8 million, 7.5 million, and 22.6 million at December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. Interest rates on fixed rate borrowings were 0.14 , 2.96 , and 5.45 at December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. Variable rate borrowings totaled 3.3 million, 13.5 million, and 4.4 million at December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. Interest rates on variable rate borrowings were 0.10 , 0.32 , and 0.15 at December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. Of the short term borrowings, 8 million were from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta FHLBA and were collateralized by FHLBA stock, residential mortgage loans, and commercial real estate loans, and 3.3 million were securities sold under agreements to repurchase collateralized by investment securities with a market value of 4.2 million. The maximum amount of short term borrowings outstanding at any month end was 22 million for 2011, 36.6 million for 2010, and 31.7 million for 2009. The approximate average amount of such borrowings outstanding and average weighted interest rate was 10 million and 0.58 for 2011, 27.7 million and 2.85 for 2010, and 19 million and 2.18 for 2009, respectively. 

Return on Equity and Assets 

The following table shows the return on assets (net income or loss divided by average assets), return on equity (net income or loss divided by average equity), dividend payout ratio (dividends declared per share divided by net income or loss per share) and equity to assets ratio (average equity divided by average total assets) for the years ended December 31, 2011, and 2010. 

Year ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Return on assets 

(36.23) 

0.01 

(1.73) 

Return on equity 

(42.76) 

0.15 

(17.79) 

Dividend payout ratio 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Equity to asset ratio 

8.47 

9.13 

9.71 

The return on equity decreased from 0.15 in 2010 to (42.76 in 2011 due to a decrease of 16.5 million in net income, with net loss of 16.5 million for 2011, compared to net income of 69,000 for 2010. The return on equity increased from (17.79 in 2009 to 0.01 in 2010 due to an increase of 9.0 million in net income, with net income of 69,000 for 2010, compared to a net loss of 8.9 million for 2009. 

Liquidity 

The most manageable sources of liquidity are comprised of liabilities, with the primary focus of liquidity management being on the ability to obtain deposits within our Bank's service area. Core deposits (total deposits less certificates of deposit for 100,000 or more, wholesale, and brokered time deposits) provide a relatively stable funding base and were equal to 76.6 of total deposits at December 31, 2011. Asset liquidity is provided from several sources, including amounts due from banks and federal funds sold and funds from maturing loans. Our Bank is a member of the FHLBA and, as such, has the ability to borrow against the security of its 1-4 family residential mortgage loans and commercial real estate loans. At December 31, 2011, our Bank had borrowed 60 million from the FHLBA and had the ability to borrow an additional 35.6 million based on a predetermined formula. Our Bank also has 11.4 million available through lines of credit with other banks, and 32.2 million available from the Federal Reserve Discount Window as additional sources of liquidity funding. At December 31, 2011, we had outstanding commitments to originate up to 18.7 million in loans as well as standby letters of credit of 333,000. Management believes that our Bank s overall liquidity sources are adequate to meet its operating needs in the ordinary course of business. 

20 

Capital Resources 

Our equity capital decreased by 15 million during 2011 as a result of net loss of 16.5 million. This decrease was offset by 125,000 from shares issued through the employee stock purchase plan, and by a 2.4 million decrease in unrealized losses on available for sale securities. Book value per share at December 31, 2011 was 5.81 as compared to 8.70 at December 31, 2010. 

The Federal Reserve Board and bank regulatory agencies require bank holding companies and financial institutions to maintain capital at adequate levels based on a percentage of assets and off-balance sheet exposures, adjusted for risk weights ranging from 0 to 100 . Under the risk-based standard, capital is classified into two tiers. Our Tier 1 capital consists of common shareholders equity, minus certain intangible assets, plus junior subordinated debt subject to certain limitations. Tier 2 capital consists of the allowance for loan losses subject to certain limitations. A bank holding company s qualifying capital base for purposes of its risk-based capital ratio consists of the sum of its Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. The regulatory minimum requirements are 4 for Tier 1 and 8 for total risk-based capital. We and our Bank are also required to maintain Tier 1 capital at a minimum level based on quarterly average assets, which is known as the leverage ratio. Only the strongest bank holding companies and banks are allowed to maintain capital at the minimum requirement. All others are subject to maintaining ratios 100 to 200 basis points above the minimum. As of December 31, 2011 we and our subsidiary bank exceeded our capital requirements as shown in the following table. 

Actual 

For Capital 

Adequacy Purposes 

To Be Well- 

Capitalized Under 

Prompt Corrective 

Action Provisions 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

December 31, 2011 

The Company 

Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

46,339 

14.18 

26,149 

8.00 
 (1) 

N/A 

N/A 

Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

42,172 

12.90 

13,074 

4.00 
 (1) 

N/A 

N/A 

Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 

42,172 

9.73 

17,342 

4.00 
 (1) 

N/A 

N/A 

The Bank 

Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

42,766 

13.18 

25,962 

8.00 

32,453 

10.00 

Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

38,620 

11.90 

12,981 

4.00 

19,472 

6.00 

Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 

38,620 

8.91 

17,344 

4.00 

21,680 

5.00 

____________ 

(1) Minimum requirements for bank holding companies. Bank holding companies with higher levels of risks, or that are experiencing or anticipating significant growth, are expected to maintain capital well above the minimums. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

At December 31, 2011, we had issued commitments to extend credit of 18.7 million for home equity lines of credit, construction loans and commercial lines of credit. The commitments expire over periods from six months to ten years. 

Standby letters of credit totaled 333,000 at December 31, 2011. 

Past experience indicates that many of these commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit will expire unused. However, through our various sources of liquidity, we believe that we will have the necessary resources to fund these obligations should the need arise. See Note 17 to the consolidated audited financial statements for further information about financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk. 

We are not involved in other off-balance sheet contractual relationships, and we have no unconsolidated related entities that have off-balance sheet arrangements or transactions that could result in liquidity needs or other commitments or significantly impact earnings. 

Inflation 

Since the assets and liabilities of a bank are primarily monetary in nature (payable in fixed, determinable amounts), the performance of a bank is affected more by changes in interest rates than by inflation. Interest rates generally increase as the rate of inflation increases, but the magnitude of the change in rates may not be the same as the magnitude of the change in inflation. 

While the effect of inflation on banks is normally not as significant as is its influence on those businesses which have large investments in plant and inventories, it does have an effect. During periods of high inflation, there are normally corresponding increases in the money supply, and banks will normally experience above-average growth in assets, loans and deposits. Also, general increases in the prices of goods and services will result in increased operating expenses. 

21 

MANAGEMENT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

The management of Southcoast Financial Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, transactions are executed in accordance with appropriate management authorization, and accounting records are reliable for the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management has assessed the effectiveness of Southcoast Financial Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011. In making our assessment, management has utilized the framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations ("COSO") of the Treadway Commission "Internal Control-Integrated Framework." Based on our assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2011 the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

Date: December 31, 2011 

/s/ L. Wayne Pearson 
 /s/ William C. Heslop 
 
 L. Wayne Pearson 
 William C. Heslop 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

22 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The Board of Directors 

Southcoast Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Mount Pleasant, South Carolina 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Southcoast Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2011 and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity and comprehensive income (loss) and cash flows for the year then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Southcoast Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2011, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

/s/ Crowe Horwath LLP 

Atlanta, Georgia 

March 16, 2012 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The Board of Directors 

Southcoast Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Mount Pleasant, South Carolina 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Southcoast Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2010 and the related consolidated statement of income (loss), shareholders equity and comprehensive income (loss) and cash flows for the year then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Southcoast Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2010 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

/s/ Elliott Davis LLC 

Charleston, South Carolina 

March 10, 2011 

F- 2 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Assets 

Cash and due from banks 

18,037,194 

20,061,687 

Investment securities 

Available for sale 

49,268,367 

72,306,006 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost 

3,486,600 

4,105,700 

Loans held for sale 

995,000 

417,000 

Loans, net of allowance of 10,691,522 and 9,512,831 

309,047,724 

326,935,892 

Property and equipment, net 

21,976,591 

22,447,556 

Other real estate owned, net 

9,322,717 

8,923,211 

Company owned life insurance 

11,922,110 

11,519,785 

Other assets 

3,464,519 

11,609,432 

Total assets 

427,520,822 

478,326,269 

Liabilities 

Deposits 

Noninterest bearing 

34,119,580 

28,855,563 

Interest bearing 

282,026,940 

315,746,759 

Total deposits 

316,146,520 

344,602,322 

Federal funds purchased 

3,587,863 

- 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

3,262,342 

3,963,399 

Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank 

60,000,000 

69,000,000 

Junior subordinated debentures 

10,310,000 

10,310,000 

Other liabilities 

3,401,808 

4,672,532 

Total liabilities 

396,708,533 

432,548,253 

Shareholders equity 

Common stock, no par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized, 5,306,488 and 4,780,822 shares issued in 2011 and 2010, respectively 

54,382,436 

54,257,867 

Accumulated deficit 

(22,519,938) 

(6,039,977) 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(1,050,209) 

(2,439,874) 

Total shareholders equity 

30,812,289 

45,778,016 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

427,520,822 

478,326,269 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the years ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Interest income 

Loans and fees on loans 

17,017,453 

18,869,197 

Investment securities 

1,854,419 

2,524,358 

Cash and federal funds sold 

33,713 

50,322 

Total interest income 

18,905,585 

21,443,877 

Interest expense 

Deposits 

4,249,128 

5,948,314 

Other borrowings 

2,215,109 

2,950,925 

Junior subordinated debentures 

183,254 

523,720 

Total interest expense 

6,647,491 

9,422,959 

Net interest income 

12,258,094 

12,020,918 

Provision for loan losses 

10,022,989 

3,801,000 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

2,235,105 

8,219,918 

Noninterest income 

Service fees on deposit accounts 

1,434,718 

1,184,968 

Gain on sale of mortgage loans 

97,320 

120,020 

Gain on sale of investment securities 

853,074 

2,279,466 

Company owned life insurance earnings 

402,325 

433,490 

Other-than-temporary impairment on available for sale securities 

(175,920) 

- 

Other 

186,743 

318,883 

Total noninterest income 

2,798,260 

4,336,827 

Noninterest expenses 

Salaries and employee benefits 

6,667,717 

6,624,593 

Occupancy 

1,313,913 

1,343,517 

Furniture and equipment 

1,554,169 

1,453,064 

Advertising and public relations 

108,927 

139,462 

Professional fees 

941,712 

744,793 

Travel and entertainment 

197,674 

165,221 

Telephone, postage and supplies 

347,012 

347,778 

Insurance 

837,824 

989,466 

Gain on sale of other real estate owned 

(519,305) 

(662,591) 

Impairment recognized on property and equipment 

485,185 

- 

Other real estate owned impairment and other expenses, net of rental income 

3,715,538 

190,617 

Other operating 

1,287,301 

1,345,058 

Total noninterest expenses 

16,937,667 

12,680,978 

Loss before income taxes 

(11,904,302) 

(124,233) 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

4,575,659 

(193,102) 

Net income (loss) 

(16,479,961) 

68,869 

Basic net income (loss) per common share 

(3.12) 

0.01 

Diluted net income (loss) per common share 

(3.12) 

0.01 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Basic 

5,287,014 

5,087,107 

Diluted 

5,287,014 

5,087,107 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 

Common Stock 

Accumulated 

Accumulated 

other 

comprehensive 

Total 

shareholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

deficit 

income (loss) 

equity 

Balance, January 1, 2010 

4,542,023 

53,583,283 

(6,108,846) 

(2,393,645) 

45,080,792 

Net income 

68,869 

68,869 

Other comprehensive income: 

Unrealized gains on securities available for sale, net of taxes of 676,054 

1,201,873 

1,201,873 

Unrealized gains on derivative instruments, net of taxes of 118,550 

210,756 

210,756 

Less reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income, net of taxes of 820,608 

(1,458,858) 

(1,458,858) 

Other comprehensive income 

22,640 

Proceeds from issuance of shares pursuant to private offering to directors and officers, net of offering costs of 22,898 

196,996 

531,846 

531,846 

Employee stock purchase plan 

41,803 

142,738 

142,738 

Balance, December 31, 2010 

4,780,822 

54,257,867 

(6,039,977) 

(2,439,874) 

45,778,016 

Net loss 

(16,479,961) 

(16,479,961) 

Other comprehensive income: 

Unrealized gains on securities available for sale, net of taxes of 1,088,793 

1,935,632 

1,935,632 

Less reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income, net of taxes of 307,107 

(545,967) 

(545,967) 

Other comprehensive loss 

(15,090,296) 

Stock dividend (10 

480,146 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Employee stock purchase plan 

45,520 

124,569 

- 

- 

124,569 

Balance, December 31, 2011 

5,306,488 

54,382,436 

(22,519,938) 

(1,050,209) 

30,812,289 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the years ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

(16,479,961) 

68,869 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities 

Decrease in deferred income taxes 

4,570,060 

314,051 

Provision for loan losses 

10,022,989 

3,801,000 

Depreciation 

947,686 

1,070,417 

Impairment recognized on property and equipment 

485,185 

- 

Discount accretion and premium amortization 

332,511 

495,253 

Origination of loans held for sale 

(6,482,853) 

(8,902,469) 

Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale 

5,904,853 

8,805,548 

Gain on sale of investment securities 

(853,074) 

(2,279,466) 

Other-than-temporary impairment on available for sale securities 

175,920 

- 

(Gain) loss on sale of property and equipment 

26,341 

(123,318) 

Gain on sale of other real estate owned 

(519,305) 

(662,591) 

Provision for impairment on other real estate owned 

3,248,559 

190,617 

Change in deferred gain on sale of other real estate owned 

(143,745) 

- 

Change in deferred compensation 

174,888 

159,054 

Increase in value of Company owned life insurance 

(402,325) 

(433,490) 

Decrease in other assets 

2,730,931 

5,298,006 

Decrease in other liabilities 

(1,445,612) 

(1,921,229) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

2,293,048 

5,880,252 

Investing activities 

Proceeds from maturities/calls of available for sale securities 

11,648,691 

8,688,443 

Proceeds from sales of available for sale securities 

39,720,505 

105,101,794 

Purchases of available for sale securities 

(25,753,327) 

(124,243,611) 

Sales of Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

619,100 

160,500 

Decrease in loans, net 

2,626,651 

13,691,015 

Purchases of property and equipment 

(994,374) 

(825,629) 

Capital expenditures on other real estate owned 

(381,927) 

(322,077) 

Proceeds from redemptions of Company owned life insurance 

- 

8,147,785 

Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned 

2,635,440 

3,402,656 

Proceeds from sales of property and equipment 

6,127 

823,318 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

30,126,886 

14,624,194 

Financing activities 

Net decrease in deposits 

(28,455,802) 

(23,934,618) 

Decrease in other borrowings and repurchase agreements 

(6,113,194) 

(18,081,455) 

Net proceeds from issuances of stock 

124,569 

674,584 

Net cash used for financing activities 

(34,444,427) 

(41,341,489) 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

(2,024,493) 

(20,837,043) 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

20,061,687 

40,898,730 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

18,037,194 

20,061,687 

Cash paid for 

Interest 

6,995,177 

9,523,004 

Income taxes 

- 

622,367 

(Continued) 

F- 6 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Supplemental noncash investing and financing activities: 

Real estate acquired in settlement of loans 

9,421,335 

8,341,186 

Change in unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities 

2,376,880 

707,389 

Change in unrealized gains on derivative instruments 

- 

(329,306) 

Proceeds from seller financed sales of other real estate owned 

4,183,807 

6,598,780 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACTIVITIES 

Southcoast Financial Corporation (the Company is a South Carolina corporation organized in 1999 for the purpose of being a holding company for Southcoast Community Bank (the Bank ). During 2004, Southcoast Investments, Inc. was formed as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Southcoast Investments, Inc. was formed primarily to hold properties of the Company and Bank. The Company's primary purpose is that of owning the Bank. The Company is regulated by the Federal Reserve Board. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Bank was incorporated in 1998 and operates as a South Carolina chartered bank providing full banking services to its customers. The Bank is subject to regulation by the South Carolina State Board of Financial Institutions and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. During 2005, the Company formed Southcoast Capital Trust III for the purpose of issuing trust preferred securities. 

Estimates - The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The allowance for loan losses, other-than-temporary losses on investment securities, deferred tax assets, and fair values of financial instruments, including other real estate owned, are particularly subject to change. 

Concentration of Credit Risk Most of the Company s business activity is with customers located in the South Carolina counties of Charleston, Berkeley, and Dorchester. Therefore, the Company s exposure to credit risk is significantly affected by changes in the economy in these counties. 

Risk characteristics present in the Company s loan portfolio vary by portfolio segment but are largely influenced by current loan to value ratios for real estate secured loans. During the last several years the Company has seen a decline in real estate values in its market area, adding risk to its loan portfolio. As home prices in the Company s market area have declined from the levels of five to seven years ago loan to value ratios for Residential 1-4 Family and Multifamily loans have been affected. These declines in market value are largely due to extra inventory on the market caused by the high volume of home foreclosures over the last several years. These foreclosures have added additional unsold home inventory to the market and this extra inventory has discouraged new residential development and construction. Therefore, loans collateralized by lots and raw land have also taken on additional risk during this period, as lots and raw land for construction are significantly diminished in value. Loans secured by commercial real estate are at risk of deterioration during times of decreasing market rental rates and higher levels of unoccupied office space as has been the case in the Company s market areas. Additionally, the potential deterioration of a borrower s current financial condition is a risk characteristic present across the entire loan portfolio during the last several years of higher unemployment in the Company s market area the Company s loan portfolio has experienced increased delinquencies and write-downs. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - Cash and cash equivalents may consist of cash on hand and due from banks, federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell. Generally, federal funds are sold for a one-day period and securities purchased under agreements to resell mature in less than 90 days. 

F- 8 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACTIVITIES (Continued) 

Investment Securities - The Company classifies investments in equity and debt securities into three categories: 

Available-for-sale : These are securities which are not classified as either held to maturity or as trading securities. These securities are reported at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses are reported, net of income taxes, as separate components of shareholders equity (accumulated other comprehensive income). Gains or losses on dispositions of securities are based on the difference between the net proceeds and the adjusted carrying amount of the securities sold, using the specific identification method. Premiums and discounts are amortized into interest income by a method that approximates a level yield. 

Held-to-maturity : These are debt securities which the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity. These securities are stated at cost, adjusted for amortization of premiums and the accretion of discounts. The Company has no held to maturity securities. 

Trading : These are securities which are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling in the near future. Trading securities are reported at fair market value, and related unrealized gains and losses are recognized in the income statement. The Company has no trading securities. 

Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment OTTI on at least a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such an evaluation. For securities in an unrealized loss position, management considers the extent and duration of the unrealized loss, and the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer. Management also assesses whether it intends to sell, or it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell, a security in an unrealized loss position before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the entire difference between amortized cost and fair value is recognized as impairment through earnings. For debt securities that do not meet the aforementioned criteria, the amount of impairment is split into two components as follows: 1) OTTI related to credit loss, which must be recognized in the income statement and 2) OTTI related to other factors, which is recognized in other comprehensive income. The credit loss is defined as the difference between the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected and the amortized cost basis. For equity securities, the entire amount of impairment is recognized through earnings. 

In order to determine OTTI for purchased beneficial interests that, on the purchase date, were not highly rated, the Company compares the present value of the remaining cash flows as estimated at the preceding evaluation date to the current expected remaining cash flows. OTTI is deemed to have occurred if there has been an adverse change in the remaining expected future cash flows. 

Loans Held-for-Sale - Loans held-for-sale consist of 1 - 4 family residential mortgage loans, which are reported at the lower of cost or market value on an aggregate loan basis. Net unrealized losses, if any, are recognized through a valuation allowance. Loans held for sale were reported at cost at December 31, 2011 and 2010, as there were no unrealized losses at either date. Gains or losses realized on the sales of loans are recognized at the time of sale and are determined by the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying value of loans sold. 

Commitments to fund mortgage loans (interest rate locks) to be sold into the secondary market and forward commitments for the future delivery of these mortgage loans are accounted for as free standing derivatives. Fair values of these mortgage derivatives are estimated based on changes in mortgage interest rates from the date the interest on the loan is locked. The Company enters into forward commitments for the future delivery of mortgage loans when interest rate locks are entered into, in order to hedge the change in interest rates resulting from its commitments to fund the loans. Changes in the fair values of these derivatives are included in net gains on sales of loans. 

Loans and Interest Income on Loans Loans that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff are stated at the principal balance outstanding, net of purchase premiums and discounts, and an allowance for loan losses. The allowance for loan losses is deducted from total loans on the balance sheet. Interest income is recognized on an accrual basis over the term of the loan based on the principal amount outstanding. 

F- 9 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACTIVITIES (Continued) 

All types of loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest becomes contractually ninety days past due, or when payment in full is not anticipated, unless the estimated net realizable value of collateral is sufficient to assure the likelihood of collection of the principal balance and accrued interest. When a loan of any type is placed on non-accrual status, interest accrued but not received is generally reversed against interest income. If collectability is in doubt, cash receipts on all types of non-accrual loans are not recorded as interest income, but are instead used to reduce principal. Loans of all types are not returned to accrual status unless there has been an improvement in the borrower s financial condition, generally supported by at least six months of timely loan payments, and in the case of certain commercial loans, financial statements. Past due status for all types of loans is based on the contractual terms of the loans. 

Allowance for Loan Losses - The provision for loan losses charged to operating income reflects the amount deemed appropriate by management to establish an adequate reserve to meet the estimated losses inherent in the current loan portfolio. Management s judgment is based on periodic and regular evaluation of individual loans, the overall risk characteristics of the various portfolio segments, past experience with losses, and prevailing and anticipated economic conditions. Loans which are determined to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance. The provision for loan losses and recoveries on loans previously charged off are added to the allowance. 

A loan is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. 

Loans for which the terms have been modified resulting in a concession, and for which the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, are considered troubled debt restructurings and are classified as impaired. Loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring accrue interest if their terms are at market rate and if they are performing in accordance with their modified terms. Loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring do not accrue interest if their terms are below market rate or if they are not performing in accordance with their modified terms. For accruing impaired loans, cash receipts are typically applied to principal and interest receivable in accordance with the terms of the restructured loan agreement. Interest income is recognized on these loans using the accrual method of accounting. 

If a loan is impaired, a portion of the allowance is allocated so that the loan is reported, net, at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s existing rate or a the fair value of collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. Generally, the Company accounts for impaired loans based on the value of the loans underlying collateral if it is considered more likely than not that repossession of the collateral is the most likely form of collection of the outstanding balance. For impaired loans deemed more likely than not to perform according to their contractual terms, the present value of expected cash flows is used to determine impairment. Troubled debt restructurings performing in accordance with their terms are measured for impairment using the present value of expected cash flows. Allocations of the allowance may be made for specific loans, but the entire allowance is available for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged off. 

For impaired loans where the ultimate collectability of principal and interest is in doubt, wholly or partially, all cash receipts are to be applied to principal. Once the reported principal balance has been reduced to zero, future cash receipts are to be applied to interest income to the extent that any interest has been foregone. Further cash receipts are to be recorded as recoveries to the Allowance for Loan Losses of any amounts previously charged off. 

Generally, all types of impaired loans with balances of 250,000 or greater are evaluated for impairment on an individual basis. To the extent impairment is calculated for a loan evaluated on an individual basis, a portion of the allowance is allocated so that the loan is reported, net, at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s existing rate or at the fair value of collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. All types of impaired loans with balances less than 250,000 are generally collectively evaluated for impairment, and accordingly, they are not identified for impairment disclosures. 

F- 10 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACTIVITIES (Continued) 

In determining the required general reserves portion of the allowance for loan losses, management calculates the historical losses experienced by loan type. Management also considers a one year loss history for each loan type and calculates a corresponding quarterly weighted average delinquency rate by loan type for the same one year period, with loans past due 30-59 days given single weight, loans past due 60-89 days given double weight, and loans past due 90 days or more given triple weight. Current weighted delinquency rates for loans in the various pools are then calculated and indexed to the historical weighted average delinquency rates. The total balance by general reserve loan type is then multiplied by the average historical losses as adjusted by the indexed historical past due rate and this amount is added to required general reserves. Management utilizes the one year time horizon for historical losses and delinquencies in order to capture more recent information relevant to the current credit cycle. 

Management provides additional general reserves by loan type for loans with grades of 6 and higher which are not individually evaluated for impairment by multiplying the total balances of loans by loan type graded 6 and higher by the average default probabilities by these loan grades for the years 2009 and 2010. These amounts are then multiplied by the average loss severities by loan type for the years 2009 and 2010 and these amounts are added to required general reserves. Management elected to use the two year period from 2009 to 2010 for these calculations because the heavier than historical credit losses incurred during the current credit cycle began during 2009. 

Several environmental factors are also incorporated into the general reserves portion of the allowance for loan losses. These include reserves for loans with loans to value higher than the Company s policy guidelines, loans with variable or adjustable rates of interest, and general loan portfolio growth. 

As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company s impaired loans totaled 20,539,731 and 22,821,357, respectively, as discussed in Note 4. 

Property and Equipment Land is carried at cost. Property, furniture and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Leases are amortized over their useful lives or the lease term whichever is shorter. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations, while major improvements are capitalized. Upon retirement, sale, or other disposition, the cost and accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the accounts, and gain or loss is included in income from operations. 

Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) Stock - The Bank is a member of the FHLB system. Members are required to own a certain amount of stock based on the level of borrowings and other factors, and may invest in additional amounts. FHLB stock is carried at cost, classified as a restricted security, and periodically evaluated for impairment based on ultimate recovery of par value. Both cash and stock dividends are reported as income. 

Loan Commitments and Related Financial Instruments - Financial instruments include off-balance sheet credit instruments, such as commitments to make loans and commercial letters of credit, issued to meet customer financing needs. The face amount for these items represents the exposure to loss, before considering customer collateral or ability to repay. Such financial instruments are recorded when they are funded. 

Employee Benefit Plans - Employee 401(k) and profit sharing plan expense is the amount of matching contributions. Deferred compensation and supplemental retirement plan expense allocates the benefits over years of service. 

Other Real Estate Owned Other real estate owned includes real estate acquired through foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure. Other real estate owned is initially recorded at its estimated fair market value less estimated selling costs. Any write-downs at the dates of acquisition are charged to the allowance for loan losses. Expenses to maintain such assets, subsequent write-downs, and gains and losses on disposal are included in other expenses. 

F- 11 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACTIVITIES (Continued) 

Company Owned Life Insurance Company owned life insurance represents the cash value of policies on certain current and former officers of the Bank. The Company liquidated 8,147,785 of these policies during 2010. There were no policies surrendered during 2011. 

Income Taxes - Income tax expense is the total of the current year income tax due or refundable and the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are the expected future tax amounts for the temporary differences between carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities, computed using enacted tax rates. A valuation allowance, if needed, reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized 

A tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded. 

The Company recognizes interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share Net income (loss) per common share is computed on the basis of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The treasury stock method is used to compute the effect of stock options on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share. 

Comprehensive Income - Comprehensive income consists of net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) includes unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale which are also recognized as separate components of equity. 

Loss Contingencies - Loss contingencies, including claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business, are recorded as liabilities when the likelihood of loss is probable and an amount or range of loss can be reasonably estimated. Management does not believe there are currently any such matters that would have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Equity - Stock dividends in excess of 20 are reported by transferring the par value of the stock issued from retained earnings to common stock. Stock dividends for 20 or less are reported by transferring the fair value, as of the ex-dividend date, of the stock issued from retained earnings to common stock and additional paid-in capital. Fractional share amounts are paid in cash with a reduction in retained earnings. For stock dividends declared when the Company is in an accumulated deficit position, the dividend is reflected as an adjustment to shares outstanding. 

Dividend Restrictions - Banking regulations require maintaining certain capital levels and may limit the dividends paid by the bank to the holding company or by the holding company to shareholders. As long as there are preferred securities of the Southcoast Capital Trust III outstanding and the Company has elected to defer making interest payments with respect to the preferred securities as permitted by the terms of the preferred securities, the Company may not declare or pay dividends on its common stock or redeem or repurchase any shares of its common stock, subject to certain minor exceptions. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments - Fair values of financial instruments are estimated using relevant market information and other assumptions, as more fully disclosed in a separate note. Fair value estimates involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment regarding interest rates, credit risk, prepayments, and other factors, especially in the absence of broad markets for particular items. Changes in assumptions or in market conditions could significantly affect these estimates. 

Statement of Cash Flows - For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash and cash equivalents are defined as those amounts included in the balance sheet caption "Cash and Due From Banks". Cash and cash equivalents have an original maturity of three months or less. 

Reclassifications - Some items in the prior year financial statements were reclassified to conform to the current presentation. Reclassifications had no effect on prior year net income or shareholders equity. 

F- 12 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACTIVITIES (Continued) 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements - The following is a summary of recent authoritative pronouncements that may affect accounting, reporting, and disclosure of financial information by the Company: 

In April 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2011-02, A Creditor s Determination of Whether a Restructuring is a Troubled Debt Restructuring. The provisions of ASU No. 2011-02 amend and clarify GAAP related to the accounting for debt restructurings. Specifically, ASU No. 2011-02 requires that, when evaluating whether a restructuring constitutes a troubled debt restructuring, a creditor must separately conclude that both (i) the restructuring constitutes a concession and (ii) the debtor is experiencing financial difficulties. In evaluating whether a concession has been granted, a creditor must evaluate whether (i) a debtor has access to funds at a market rate for debt with similar risk characteristics as the restructured debt in order to determine if the restructuring would be considered to be at a below-market rate, indicating that the creditor has granted a concession, (ii) a temporary or permanent increase in the contractual interest rate as a result of a restructuring may be considered a concession because the new contractual interest rate on the restructured debt is still below the market interest rate for new debt with similar risk characteristics, and (iii) a restructuring that results in a delay in payment is either significant and is a concession or is insignificant and is not a concession. In evaluating whether a debtor is experiencing financial difficulties, a creditor may conclude that a debtor is experiencing financial difficulties, even though the debtor is not currently in payment default. A creditor should evaluate whether it is probable that the debtor would be in payment default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without a modification of the debt. The provisions of ASU No. 2011-02 are effective for the first interim or annual period beginning on or after June 15, 2011 and should be applied retroactively to the beginning of the annual period of adoption assuming the credit was restructured prior to the implementation date. The new guidance does not materially differ from the Company s prior methodology for identifying troubled debt restructurings and therefore did not have a significant impact on its financial statements. 

In May 2011, FASB issued ASU 2011-04 Fair Value Measurement: Amendments to Achieve Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in US GAAP and IFRSs. ASU 2011-04 expands the disclosure requirements for fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy to include (1) a quantitative disclosure of the unobservable inputs and assumptions used within the measurement, (2) a description of the valuation processes in place and (3) a narrative description of the sensitivity of the fair value to changes in unobservable inputs and interrelationships between those inputs. In addition, ASU 2011-04 requires that companies disclose the level within the fair value hierarchy for items not measured at fair value in the statement of financial position but whose fair value must be disclosed. ASU 2011-04 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2011 and should be applied prospectively. The Company does not expect the adoption of the provisions of ASU 2011-04 will have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or liquidity, but will increase its disclosures requirements related to its fair value measurements. 

In June 2011, the FASB issued ASU 2011-05, Presentation of Comprehensive Income, which revises the manner in which entities present comprehensive income in their financial statements. The provisions of ASU 2011-05 require reporting the components of comprehensive income in either (i) a continuous statement of comprehensive income or (ii) two separate but consecutive statements. ASU 2011-05 does not change the items that must be reported in other comprehensive income but rather removes the presentation options available under ASC 220, Comprehensive Income, and requires the presentation options mentioned above. The new presentation disclosures required by ASU 2011-05 are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2011. As this ASU amends only the presentation of comprehensive income, the adoption will have no impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. The new disclosure requirements in the ASU are intended to enhance comparability between financial statements prepared using U.S. GAAP and those prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The eligibility criteria for offsetting are different in U.S. GAAP and IFRS. In January 2011, the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board issued an exposure draft proposing new common criteria for offsetting, but the boards could not agree. The FASB voted to retain existing U.S. GAAP guidance on offsetting and to require expanded disclosures for financial instruments and derivative instruments that are either offset in the balance sheet or eligible for offset subject to a master netting arrangement or similar arrangement. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after Jan. 1, 2013, and interim periods within those annual periods. Disclosures required by the amendments should be provided retrospectively for all comparative periods. The FASB has published a short recap highlighting the significant issues the ASU addresses. 

F- 13 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACTIVITIES (Continued) 

ASU 2011-12, Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Deferral of the Effective Date for Amendments to the Presentation of Reclassifications of Items Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income in Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-05, was issued by the FASB on Dec. 23, 2011. This ASU defers the implementation of only those provisions in ASU 2011-05 that relate to the presentation of reclassification adjustments. The amendments are intended to allow the FASB time to redeliberate whether it is necessary to require entities to present reclassification adjustments from accumulated other comprehensive income in both the statement where net income is presented and the statement where other comprehensive income is presented. ASU 2011-12 affects none of the other requirements in ASU 2011-05, including the requirement to report comprehensive income either in a single continuous statement or in two separate but consecutive statements. 

The amendments in ASU 2011-12 and ASU 2011-05 are effective at the same time: For public entities, the guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years, beginning after Dec. 15, 2011. The requirements are effective for nonpublic entities for fiscal years ending after Dec. 15, 2012. The FASB has published a short recap of the reasons for the ASU 2011-12 deferrals. 

NOTE 2 - RESTRICTIONS ON CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS 

The Bank is required to maintain average reserve balances, computed by applying prescribed percentages to its various types of deposits, either at the bank or on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank. At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Bank met these requirements. Reserve requirements totaled 4,293,000 and 2,868,000 at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

NOTE 3 - INVESTMENT SECURITIES 

The amortized cost and fair value of investment securities are as follows: 

December 31, 2011 

Amortized 

Gross Unrealized 

Estimated 

Available for sale 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair Value 

Mortgage backed 

Government sponsored enterprises 

37,688,071 

544,395 

- 

38,232,466 

Other 

1,538,954 

5,811 

- 

1,544,765 

Municipal securities 

7,189,654 

415,526 

- 

7,605,180 

Other 

4,492,642 

- 

2,606,686 

1,885,956 

Total 

50,909,321 

965,732 

2,606,686 

49,268,367 

December 31, 2010 

Amortized 

Gross Unrealized 

Estimated 

Available for sale 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair Value 

Mortgage backed 

Government sponsored enterprises 

57,531,723 

137,206 

985,935 

56,682,994 

Other 

1,875,479 

4,992 

- 

1,880,471 

Municipal securities 

12,257,174 

90,523 

259,908 

12,087,789 

Other 

4,659,464 

- 

3,004,712 

1,654,752 

Total 

76,323,840 

232,721 

4,250,555 

72,306,006 

F- 14 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 3 - INVESTMENT SECURITIES (Continued) 

The following tables show gross unrealized losses and fair value, aggregated by investment category, and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010. 

Available for Sale 

December 31, 2011 

Less than 

Twelve Months 

Twelve Months 

or More 

Total 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Fair Value 

Losses 

Fair Value 

Losses 

Fair Value 

Losses 

Mortgage backed 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Municipal securities 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other 

86,141 

63,859 

989,815 

2,542,827 

1,075,956 

2,606,686 

Total 

86,141 

63,859 

989,815 

2,542,827 

1,075,956 

2,606,686 

December 31, 2010 

Less than 

Twelve Months 

Twelve Months 

or More 

Total 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Fair Value 

Losses 

Fair Value 

Losses 

Fair Value 

Losses 

Mortgage backed 

38,868,650 

904,061 

1,056,758 

81,874 

39,925,408 

985,935 

Municipal securities 

6,782,898 

210,605 

446,500 

49,303 

7,229,398 

259,908 

Other 

- 

- 

694,752 

3,004,712 

694,752 

3,004,712 

Total 

45,651,548 

1,114,666 

2,198,010 

3,135,889 

47,849,558 

4,250,555 

Securities classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value. Unrealized losses on securities in a continuous loss position for twelve months or more totaled 2,542,827 which included two securities comprising 98 of total unrealized losses, and 3,135,889, which included five securities comprising 74 of total unrealized losses, at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively. The Company does not intend to sell these securities and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost. 

The unrealized loss attributable to Other securities relates to valuations on two individual pooled trust preferred securities. The Company believes, based on industry analyst reports, credit ratings, and third party other-than-temporary loss impairment evaluations, that the deterioration in the value of these securities is attributable to a combination of the lack of liquidity in both of these securities and credit quality concerns for one of the two securities. These securities are considered Level 3 securities in the fair value hierarchy as they both trade in less than liquid markets. 

The amortized costs and fair values of investment securities available for sale at December 31, 2011 by contractual maturity are shown in the following table. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

Amortized 

Fair 

Cost 

Value 

Due after five but within ten years 

2,744,499 

2,893,157 

Due after ten years 

8,787,797 

6,511,838 

Mortgage backed 

39,227,025 

39,777,231 

Equity securities with no maturity 

150,000 

86,141 

Total investment securities available-for-sale 

50,909,321 

49,268,367 

F- 15 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 3 - INVESTMENT SECURITIES (Continued) 

The proceeds from sales of securities and the associated gains are listed below: 

Twelve Months Ending December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Proceeds 

39,720,505 

105,101,794 

Gross Gains 

892,961 

2,279,466 

Gross Losses 

39,887 

- 

The tax provision related to the above net realized gains and losses was 307,107 and 820,608 for the periods ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. 

Investment securities with an aggregate amortized cost of 20,811,106 and estimated fair value of 21,145,535 at December 31, 2011, were pledged to secure public deposits and for other purposes, as required or permitted by law. 

Investment securities with an aggregate amortized cost of 4,162,800 and estimated fair value of 4,224,283 at December 31, 2011, were pledged to secure securities sold under agreements to repurchase. 

One of the Company s pooled trust preferred securities with an amortized cost of approximately 1.8 million and fair value of approximately 976,000 is receiving contractual interest payments, while the other with an amortized cost of approximately 1.7 million and fair value of approximately 14,000 is receiving payment-in-kind interest in lieu of cash interest payments. Due to the over-collateralized credit position of the security currently receiving interest payments, no other-than-temporary impairment was recognized on this security. Payment-in-kind interest consists of capitalization of interest amounts due on a security. In accordance with terms outlined in its offering circular, the security not currently paying interest has its deferred interest capitalized and added to the principal balance of the security. Future interest payments are accrued on these larger principal balances. 

Payment-in-kind interest was triggered on this security due to deferrals of interest payments by individual issuers within the pool of issuers. Individual issuers are allowed to defer their interest payments for a period of up to five years. The security is divided into several tranches, with the A tranche securities being the most senior in terms of payment priority and Income Notes being the least senior. The Company owns notes in the C tranche of the security. Each tranche must pass an overcollateralization test in order for note holders in subordinate tranches to receive their contractual interest payments. The overcollateralization test is based on total performing collateral in the pool divided by total outstanding debt within the tranche. The senior most pool failing its overcollateralization test will receive principal paydowns on its outstanding notes in addition to contractual interest payments in order to cure its failure. These additional payments will be diverted from note holders in subordinate tranches who will instead receive payment-in-kind interest. At December 31, 2011 there was 234,400,000 of performing collateral in the pool. The table below summarizes balance and overcollateralization data for the individual tranches at December 31, 2011. 

Tranche 

Current Balance 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Required Overcollateralization 

Current Overcollateralization 

A 

201,854 

128.00 

116.57 

B 

40,918 

115.00 

96.93 

C 

45,283 

106.20 

81.69 

D 

26,382 

100.30 

74.84 

Income Notes 

18,000 

N/A 

N/A 

As shown above, all tranches currently fail their overcollateralization test. According to the structured payment terms as established in the offering circular for this security, interest payments are currently being diverted from subordinate tranches to pay down total principal balances in the A tranche. If and when these payments reduce the principal balance in the A tranche by enough to pass its overcollateralization requirement, the B tranche securities will begin to receive contractual interest payments, and additional payments will be diverted from subordinate tranches in order to meet its overcollateralization requirement. This payment structure, known as a waterfall, is designed to continue until all tranches meet their overcollateralization requirement. However, this outcome is dependent on the level of future interest deferrals and defaults by individual issuers. Any shortfalls to contractual principal and interest payments due will be borne in reverse order of payment priority, with the most subordinate tranche having the largest loss and the senior most tranche having the smallest loss. As a note holder in the C tranche of this structure, the Company s principal and interest claims are subordinate to the principal and interest claims of note holders in the A and B tranches. More specifically, the Company and other C note holders would stand to lose 100 of their principal and interest before note holders in the B tranche lost their first dollar, and B note holders would lose 100 of their investment before A note holders experienced any loss. 

F- 16 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 3 - INVESTMENT SECURITIES (Continued) 

The Company engaged a firm specializing in security valuations to evaluate the security receiving payment-in-kind interest for other-than- temporary impairment OTTI ). This firm uses the OTTI evaluation model to compare the present value of expected cash flows to the previous estimate to measure whether there are any adverse changes in cash flows during the quarter. The OTTI model considers the structure and term of the trust preferred security and the financial condition of the underlying issuers. Specifically, the model details interest rates, principal balances of note classes and issuers, the timing and amount of interest and principal payments of the underlying issuers, and the allocation of the payments to the note classes. The allocation of payments to the note classes follows the payment priority hierarchy for the individual tranches. The OTTI evaluation prepared as of December 31, 2011 predicts the Company will resume receipt of its contractual principal and interest payments during the year 2018, which is when the B tranche is projected to pass its overcollateralization test. These projections are based on assumptions developed from current financial data for the underlying issuers and may change in subsequent periods based on future financial data which could alter the assumptions. 

The current estimate of expected cash flows is based on the most recent trustee reports and any other relevant information including announcements of interest payment deferrals or defaults of underlying trust preferred securities. The OTTI evaluation model assumes no recoveries on defaults. The result of the firm s analysis indicated approximately 176,000 of credit loss as of March 31, 2011, June 30, 2011, September 30, 2011, and December 31, 2011, which was recognized as an other-than-temporary loss in the first quarter of 2011 and is reported in noninterest income. No credit losses had been recognized on these securities prior to 2011, and there were no changes to credit losses recognized in earnings for the quarter ended December 31, 2011. Total other-than-temporary impairment in accumulated other comprehensive income was 1,099,000 for securities available for sale at December 31, 2011. This amount related entirely to the security with recorded OTTI. 

The following table provides certain relevant details on each of our pooled trust preferred securities as of December 31, 2011, including the book value, fair value, and unrealized losses on the securities, as well as certain information about the overall pools and the current status of its underlying issuers. Excess Subordination is a measure of the excess performing collateral in the pool beyond the total level of debt outstanding in the pool with an equal or greater level of preference in the payment structure. It is expressed in the tables below as a percentage of performing collateral. It represents the percentage reduction in performing collateral that would precede an inability of the security to make contractually required payments to the Company. 

December 31, 2011 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Security A 

Security B 

Book Value 

1,801 

1,732 

Fair Value 

976 

14 

Unrealized Loss 

825 

1,718 

Number of underlying financial institution issuers 

48 

42 

Number of deferrals and defaults 

11 

16 

Additional expected deferrals/ defaults 

N/A 

0/2 

Excess Subordination as a percentage of performing collateral^ 

18.16 

N/A 

No assessment of these numbers was made for Security A as it was not modeled for cash flows due to its current payment status and its excess subordination. For Security B, this includes issuers for which there is an estimated probability of deferral or default of 50 or greater. None of the remaining performing collateral was projected as a future deferral or default, due to low Texas ratios; two deferring issuers were projected to default. 

^Security B is in a support tranche and has no excess subordination. 

The credit quality of the pooled trust preferred securities is directly related to the financial strength and ability to make contractual interest payments of the underlying issuers in these securities, most of which are banks or bank holding companies. As such, these securities may show additional other-than-temporary impairment in future periods if the financial condition of the underlying issuers further deteriorates. 

F- 17 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 4 - LOANS 

The composition of loans by major loan category is presented below: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Real estate secured loans: 

Residential 1-4 Family 

166,414 

156,766 

Multifamily 

5,144 

6,657 

Commercial 

81,253 

92,481 

Construction and land development 

39,241 

51,366 

Total real estate secured loans 

292,052 

307,270 

Commercial and industrial 

25,135 

26,242 

Consumer 

2,037 

2,372 

Other 

515 

565 

Total gross loans 

319,739 

336,449 

Allowance for loan losses 

(10,691) 

(9,513) 

309,048 

326,936 

The Company uses a numerical grading system from 1 to 9 to assess the credit risk inherent in its loan portfolio, with Grade 1 loans having the lowest credit risk and Grade 9 loans having the highest credit risk. Loans with credit grades from 1 to 5 are considered passing grade, or acceptable, loans. Loans with grades from 6 to 9 are considered to have less than acceptable credit quality. Generally, impaired loans have credit grades of 7 or higher. Following is a listing and brief description of the various risk grades. The grading of individual loans may involve the use of estimates. 

Credit Grade 

Description 

1 

Loans secured by cash collateral. 

2 

Loans secured by readily marketable collateral. 

3 

Top quality loans with excellent repayment sources and no significant identifiable risk of collection. 

4 

Acceptable loans with adequate repayment sources and little identifiable risk of collection. 

5 

Acceptable loans with signs of weakness as to repayment or collateral, but with mitigating factors that minimize the risk of loss. 

6 

Watch List or Special Mention loans with underwriting tolerances and/or exceptions with no mitigating factors that may, due to economic or other factors, increase the risk of loss. 

7 

Classified substandard loans inadequately protected by the paying capacity or net worth of the obligor, or of the collateral with weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. 

8 

Classified doubtful loans in which collection or liquidation in full is highly improbable. 

9 

Classified loss loans that are uncollectible and of such little value that continuance as an asset is not warranted. 

F- 18 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 4 LOANS (Continued) 

The following tables provide a summary of our credit risk profile by loan categories as of December 30, 2011 and December 31, 2010 (including nonaccrual loans). 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Credit Risk Profile by Creditworthiness Category 

As of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010 

Real Estate Secured 

Residential 1-4 Family 

Multi Family 

Commercial 

Construction and Land Development 

2011 

2010 

2011 

2010 

2011 

2010 

2011 

2010 

Grade 

1 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

2 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

3 

44,087 

33,374 

- 

- 

8,469 

5,770 

7,851 

5,899 

4 

61,509 

67,724 

715 

745 

27,461 

28,268 

9,020 

13,257 

5 

45,213 

41,960 

1,921 

3,030 

26,026 

38,308 

14,575 

17,013 

6 

2,707 

3,585 

- 

396 

9,714 

7,857 

277 

701 

7 

11,957 

7,978 

2,508 

1,315 

8,781 

10,272 

4,306 

12,674 

8 

941 

2,145 

- 

1,171 

802 

2,006 

3,212 

1,822 

9 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

166,414 

156,766 

5,144 

6,657 

81,253 

92,481 

39,241 

51,366 

Non-Real Estate Secured 

Commercial 

Consumer 

Other 

Total 

2011 

2010 

2011 

2010 

2011 

2010 

2011 

2010 

Grade 

1 

2,095 

1,416 

49 

52 

- 

- 

2,144 

1,468 

2 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

3 

2,413 

1,959 

225 

293 

258 

204 

63,303 

47,499 

4 

5,408 

4,865 

237 

334 

257 

301 

104,607 

115,494 

5 

9,034 

14,964 

1,337 

1,542 

- 

60 

98,106 

116,877 

6 

3,992 

971 

- 

23 

- 

- 

16,690 

13,533 

7 

2,193 

2,067 

189 

128 

- 

- 

29,934 

34,434 

8 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

4,955 

7,144 

9 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

25,135 

26,242 

2,037 

2,372 

515 

565 

319,739 

336,449 

Residential Prime 

Residential Subprime (1) 

Residential Total 

2011 

2010 

2011 

2010 

2011 

2010 

Grade 

Pass 

143,777 

139,572 

7,032 

3,486 

150,809 

143,058 

Special Mention 

2,707 

3,585 

- 

- 

2,707 

3,585 

Substandard 

8,452 

6,480 

3,505 

1,498 

11,957 

7,978 

Doubtful 

941 

1,592 

553 

941 

2,145 

Total 

155,877 

151,229 

10,537 

5,537 

166,414 

156,766 

(1) 

1-4 Family Residential loans where the borrower has a credit score less than 660 and a debt to income ratio over 50 at origination or renewal. 

F- 19 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 4 LOANS (Continued) 

The following tables provide a summary of past due loans by loan category as of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010. 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Past Due Loans 

For the Periods Ended December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010 

December 31, 2011 

30-59 Days Past Due 

60-89 Days Past Due 

Greater Than 90 Days 

Total Past Due 

Current 

Total Loans Receivable 

Recorded Investment > 90 Days and Accruing 

Real Estate Secured 

1-4 Family Residential 

4,897 

957 

4,981 

10,835 

155,579 

166,414 

- 

Multifamily Residential 

391 

- 

1,318 

1,709 

3,435 

5,144 

- 

Commercial Real Estate 

387 

3,503 

962 

4,852 

76,401 

81,253 

- 

Construction and Land Development 

933 

115 

3,781 

4,829 

34,412 

39,241 

- 

Non Real Estate Secured 

Commercial and Industrial 

1,055 

405 

260 

1,720 

23,415 

25,135 

- 

Consumer and Other 

54 

72 

- 

126 

2,426 

2,552 

- 

Total 

7,717 

5,052 

11,302 

24,071 

295,668 

319,739 

- 

December 31, 2010 

30-59 Days Past Due 

60-89 Days Past Due 

Greater Than 90 Days 

Total Past Due 

Current 

Total Loans Receivable 

Recorded Investment > 90 Days and Accruing 

Real Estate Secured 

1-4 Family Residential 

4,601 

1,018 

3,554 

9,173 

147,593 

156,766 

44 

Multifamily Residential 

- 

- 

1,171 

1,171 

5,486 

6,657 

- 

Commercial Real Estate 

4,815 

1,437 

4,908 

11,160 

81,321 

92,481 

- 

Construction and Land Development 

202 

182 

1,899 

2,283 

49,083 

51,366 

- 

Non Real Estate Secured 

Commercial and Industrial 

612 

157 

526 

1,295 

24,947 

26,242 

- 

Consumer and Other 

45 

40 

9 

94 

2,843 

2,937 

- 

Total 

10,275 

2,834 

12,067 

25,176 

311,273 

336,449 

44 

F- 20 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 4 LOANS (Continued) 

The following table provides a summary of nonaccrual loans as of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010. 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2011 

2010 

1-4 Family Residential Prime 

6,187 

3,674 

1-4 Family Residential Subprime (1) 

2,817 

1,175 

Multifamily Residential 

1,318 

1,171 

Commercial Real Estate 

5,749 

8,771 

Construction and Land Development 

4,483 

3,890 

Commercial and Industrial 

714 

923 

Consumer and Other 

- 

9 

Total 

21,268 

19,613 

(1) 

1-4 Family Residential loans where the borrower has a credit score less than 660 and a debt to income ratio over 50 at origination or renewal. 

At December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, nonaccrual loans totaled 21.3 million and 19.6 million, respectively. The gross interest income which would have been recorded under the original terms of nonaccrual loans amounted to approximately 1,386,000 and 1,297,000 at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively. At December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, impaired loans (which include non-accrual loans and TDRs) totaled 22.3 million and 22.8 million, respectively. Impaired loans individually evaluated for impairment, which include nonaccrual loans over 250,000 and TDRs, totaled 19.6 million and 19.2 million at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively. At December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, loans over ninety days past due and still accruing interest totaled 0 and 44,000, respectively. 

At December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, all troubled debt restructurings, including those on nonaccrual status, totaled 4.2 million and 10.9 million, respectively. The gross interest income that would have been recognized on troubled debt restructurings according to the original loan terms during 2011 totaled approximately 73,000; actual interest income recognized on these loans according to the restructured terms totaled 72,000. The gross interest income that would have been recognized on troubled debt restructurings according to the original loan terms during 2010 totaled approximately 229,000; actual interest income recognized on these loans according to the restructured terms totaled approximately 190,000. At December 31, 2011 there was one loan totaling 438,000 that had its original loan terms restructured. During the year ended December 31, 2011, two loans totaling 1.3 million, that previously had their original terms restructured, went into nonaccrual. During the same period, 1.2 million related to troubled debt restructurings was charged off. Troubled debt restructurings did not have a material effect to the allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2011. 

The following tables provide a year to date analysis of activity within the allowance for loan losses. 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Balance, beginning of year 

9,513 

10,042 

Provision for loan losses 

10,023 

3,801 

Net charge offs 

(8,845) 

(4,330) 

Balance, end of quarter 

10,691 

9,513 

F- 21 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 4 LOANS (Continued) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2011 

Beginning Balance 

Charge Offs 

Recoveries 

Provisions 

Ending Allowance for Loan Losses 

General Reserves 

Specific Reserves 

Total 

Real Estate Secured 

1-4 Family Residential 

2,532 

(1,119) 

125 

1,323 

1,763 

1,098 

2,861 

Multifamily Residential 

358 

(502) 

- 

441 

175 

122 

297 

Commercial Real Estate 

1,263 

(2,116) 

30 

3,232 

1,691 

718 

2,409 

Construction and Land Development 

2,972 

(4,021) 

124 

1,558 

625 

8 

633 

Non Real Estate Secured 

Commercial and Industrial 

619 

(1,464) 

125 

2,618 

1,898 

- 

1,898 

Consumer and Other 

124 

(28) 

1 

(56) 

41 

- 

41 

Other 

Other General Reserves 

1,345 

- 

- 

170 

1,515 

- 

1,515 

Unallocated 

300 

- 

- 

737 

1,037 

- 

1,037 

Total 

9,513 

(9,250) 

405 

10,023 

8,745 

1,946 

10,691 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2010 

Beginning Balance 

Charge Offs 

Recoveries 

Provisions 

Ending Allowance for Loan Losses 

General Reserves 

Specific Reserves 

Total 

Real Estate Secured 

1-4 Family Residential 

2,163 

(1,327) 

22 

1,674 

1,723 

809 

2,532 

Multifamily Residential 

64 

(50) 

- 

344 

69 

289 

358 

Commercial Real Estate 

2,454 

(805) 

256 

(642) 

737 

526 

1,263 

Construction and Land Development 

2,413 

(2,292) 

33 

2,818 

2,333 

639 

2,972 

Non Real Estate Secured 

Commercial and Industrial 

683 

(63) 

23 

(24) 

619 

- 

619 

Consumer and Other 

106 

(132) 

5 

145 

124 

- 

124 

Other 

Other General Reserves 

1,350 

- 

- 

(5) 

1,345 

- 

1,345 

Unallocated 

809 

- 

- 

(509) 

300 

- 

300 

Total 

10,042 

(4,669) 

339 

3,801 

7,250 

2,263 

9,513 

Included in unallocated reserves as of December 31, 2011 was approximately 600,000 for commercial real estate credits identified to have potential credit losses; however, management has not yet finalized its analysis of the credits and related collateral. 

F- 22 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 4 LOANS (Continued) 

Impaired loans with a balance of 250,000 or more are evaluated individually for impairment. All other loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. The following tables provide summaries and totals of loans individually and collectively evaluated for impairment as of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010. 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Loans Receivable: 

As of December 31, 2011 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

Total 

Real Estate Secured 

1-4 Family Residential 

7,668 

158,746 

166,414 

Multifamily Residential 

2,117 

3,027 

5,144 

Commercial Real Estate 

5,568 

75,685 

81,253 

Construction and Land Development 

4,216 

35,025 

39,241 

Non Real Estate Secured 

Commercial and Industrial 

- 

25,135 

25,135 

Consumer and Other 

- 

2,552 

2,552 

Total: 

19,569 

300,170 

319,739 

Loans Receivable: 

As of December 31, 2010 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

Collectively evaluated 

for impairment 

Total 

Real Estate Secured 

1-4 Family Residential 

4,678 

152,088 

156,766 

Multifamily Residential 

1,993 

4,664 

6,657 

Commercial Real Estate 

8,262 

84,219 

92,481 

Construction and Land Development 

4,270 

47,096 

51,366 

Non Real Estate Secured 

Commercial and Industrial 

- 

26,242 

26,242 

Consumer and Other 

- 

2,937 

2,937 

Total: 

19,203 

317,246 

336,449 

F- 23 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Impaired Loans 

For the Year ended December 31, 2011 

Unpaid 

Principal 

Balance 

Recorded Investment (1) 

Related 

Allowance 

Life to Date 

Charge offs 

Average 

Recorded 

Investment 

Interest 

Income 

Recognized 

With no related allowance recorded: 

1-4 Residential Prime 

2,480 

2,325 

- 

155 

2,362 

15 

1-4 Residential Subprime (2) 

325 

239 

- 

86 

241 

- 

Multifamily Residential 

1,131 

1,131 

- 

- 

1,224 

- 

Commercial Real Estate 

2,602 

2,175 

- 

427 

2,366 

- 

Construction and Land Development 

6,533 

4,141 

- 

2,392 

5,773 

- 

Commercial and Industrial 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Consumer and Other 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

With an allowance recorded: 

1-4 Residential Prime 

2,958 

2,958 

769 

- 

2,963 

5 

1-4 Residential Subprime (2) 

2,146 

2,146 

330 

- 

2,179 

- 

Multifamily Residential 

986 

986 

122 

- 

923 

48 

Commercial Real Estate 

3,393 

3,393 

717 

- 

3,636 

- 

Construction and Land Development 

245 

75 

8 

170 

143 

- 

Commercial and Industrial 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Consumer and Other 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total: 

1-4 Residential Prime 

5,438 

5,283 

769 

155 

5,325 

20 

1-4 Residential Subprime (2) 

2,471 

2,385 

330 

86 

2,420 

- 

Multifamily Residential 

2,117 

2,117 

122 

- 

2,147 

48 

Commercial Real Estate 

5,995 

5,568 

717 

427 

6,002 

- 

Construction and Land D evelopment 

6,778 

4,216 

8 

2,562 

5,916 

- 

Commercial and Industrial 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Consumer and Other 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total: 

22,799 

19,569 

1,946 

3,230 

21,810 

68 

(1) Impaired balance; excludes accrued interest receivable and deferred fees and costs due to immateriality. 

(2) 1-4 Family Residential loans where the borrower has a credit score less than 660 and a debt to income ratio over 50 at origination or renewal. 

F- 24 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 4 LOANS (Continued) 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Impaired Loans 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2010 

Unpaid Principal 

Balance 

Recorded 

Investment 

(1) 

Related 

Allowance 

Life to Date 

Charge offs 

Average 

Recorded 

Investment 

Interest 

Income 

Recognized 

With no related allowance recorded: 

1-4 Residential Prime 

2,736 

1,904 

- 

832 

2,184 

- 

1-4 Residential Subprime (2) 

326 

240 

- 

86 

261 

- 

Multifamily Residential 

410 

410 

- 

- 

577 

- 

Commercial Real Estate 

6,010 

5,412 

- 

598 

5,490 

- 

Construction and Land Development 

1,577 

1,101 

- 

576 

1,358 

- 

Commercial and Industrial 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Consumer and Other 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

With an allowance recorded: 

1-4 Residential Prime 

1,851 

1,851 

670 

- 

1,693 

8 

1-4 Residential Subprime (2) 

683 

683 

139 

- 

583 

- 

Multifamily Residential 

1,596 

1,583 

289 

13 

1,322 

4 

Commercial Real Estate 

2,850 

2,850 

526 

- 

2,240 

- 

Construction and Land Development 

3,824 

3,169 

639 

655 

2,861 

15 

Commercial and Industrial 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Consumer and Other 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total: 

1-4 Residential Prime 

4,587 

3,755 

670 

832 

3,877 

8 

1-4 Residential Subprime (2) 

1,009 

923 

139 

86 

844 

- 

Multifamily Residential 

2,006 

1,993 

289 

13 

1,899 

4 

Commercial Real Estate 

8,860 

8,262 

526 

598 

7,730 

- 

Construction and Land Development 

5,501 

4,270 

639 

1,231 

4,219 

15 

Commercial and Industrial 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Consumer and Other 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total: 

21,963 

19,203 

2,263 

2,760 

18,569 

27 

(1) Impaired balance and accrued interest, net of deferred fees and costs. 

(2) 1-4 Family Residential loans where the borrower has a credit score less than 660 and a debt to income ratio over 50 at origination or renewal 

F- 25 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 5 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

Components of property and equipment are as follows: 

December 31, 

Estimated Useful Lives 

2011 

2010 

Land 

7,520,018 

7,754,555 

Furniture and equipment 

3-10 years 

4,742,632 

4,488,462 

Buildings and improvements 

5-40 years 

15,016,892 

14,302,530 

Construction in process 

592,434 

867 ,790 

27,871,976 

27,413,337 

Less accumulated depreciation 

(5,895,385) 

(4,965,781) 

21,976,591 

22,447,556 

Construction in process consisted of ongoing improvements to a future loan production facility in the Hilton Head market. Subsequent to December 31, 2011, the Company decided to sell the facility and adjacent land and entered into a sales contract for 1,150,000. The Company estimated net proceeds of 1,035,000 on the property after closing costs and commissions and recognized impairment expense of 485,185 as of December 31, 2011. The Company s total basis in the property prior to impairment expense was 1,520,185, consisting of 870,185 in construction in process and 650,000 in land. The Company applied the impairment expense between construction in process and land on a pro rata basis. The Company expects the sale of the property to occur before March 31, 2012. 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 was 947,686 and 1,070,417, respectively. 

In 2011, the Company received sales proceeds totaling 6,127 on a property with a net book value of 32,468, recognizing a loss on sale totaling 26,341. 

In 2010, the Company received sales proceeds totaling 823,318 on a property with a net book value of 700,000, recognizing a gain on sale totaling 123,318. 

The Company leases certain branch properties and equipment under operating leases. Two branch leases have current lease terms expiring in 2013 and 2016, one with two ten-year renewal options remaining and the other with two five-year renewal options remaining. The Company has a lease agreement for eleven ATM machines, which expires December 2015 and requires monthly payments totaling 16,131, accounting for the majority of the Company s annual lease expense obligations. The Company entered into a longer term lease agreement during 2011 for office space that expires in 2032 that is also being accounted for as an operating lease. Total lease expense paid for the leases discussed above and included in the statements of income(loss) totaled 341,460 and 297,242 for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 

Minimum future rental payments under non-cancelable operating leases having remaining terms in excess of one month, for each of the next five years in the aggregate are: 

2012 

395,315 

2013 

360,188 

2014 

343,087 

2015 

344,012 

2016 

134,783 

Total minimum future rental payments 

1,577,385 

F- 26 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 6 OTHER REAL ESTATE OWNED 

The aggregate carrying amount of other real estate owned at December 31, 2011 and 2010 was 9,322,717 and 8,923,211, respectively. All of the Company s other real estate owned represents properties acquired through foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure. The following table details the change in this balance during 2011 and 2010. 

Year Ended December 31 

2011 

2010 

Real estate acquired in settlement of loans, beginning of period 

8,923,211 

9,789,410 

New real estate acquired in settlement of loans at lower of fair value or principal balance 

9,421,335 

8,341,186 

Capital expenditures on real estate acquired in settlement of loans 

381,927 

322,077 

Sales of real estate acquired in settlement of loans 

(6,818,247) 

(10,001,436) 

Gains on sale of real estate acquired in settlement of loans 

519,305 

662,591 

Deferred gain on sale of real estate acquired in settlement of loans 

143,745 

- 

Less: Impairment recognized 

(3,248,559) 

(190,617) 

Real estate acquired in settlement of loans, end of period 

9,322,717 

8,923,211 

The types of property in other real estate owned at December 31, 2011 and 2010 included commercial office properties, commercial lots, residential 1-4 family lots and homes under construction, residential 1-4 family homes, and multifamily properties. At December 31, 2011 the largest single property type of other real estate owned was commercial real estate, totaling 4,940,645. At December 31, 2010 residential 1-4 family lots and homes under construction represented the largest single property type of other real estate owned, totaling 4,256,012. 

During 2011 and 2010, the Company recorded sales proceeds on other real estate owned totaling 6,818,247 and 10,001,436, respectively. Sales proceeds on other real estate owned for which the Company made loans to facilitate the sale of the property during 2011 and 2010 totaled 4,182,807 and 6,598,780, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company realized deferred gains on these sales transactions totaling 143,745 and 0, respectively. 

During 2011 and 2010, the Company recognized 3,248,559 and 190,617, respectively, of impairment expense on other real estate owned. These impairments were the result of periodic reappraisals of the properties and management s estimates of short term liquidation values. 

NOTE 7 - DEPOSITS 

The following is a detail of deposit accounts: 

December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Noninterest bearing deposits 

34,119,580 

28,855,563 

Interest bearing 

NOW 

56,286,359 

46,091,615 

Money market 

33,815,603 

32,936,263 

Savings 

25,700,743 

15,528,872 

Time, less than 100,000 

124,427,610 

169,341,209 

Time, 100,000 and over 

41,796,626 

51,848,800 

Total deposits 

316,146,520 

344,602,322 

At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Bank had approximately 44,655,452 and 79,945,249, respectively, in time deposits from customers outside its market area. This includes 42,898,000 and 71,731,000 in brokered and wholesale deposits in 2011 and 2010, respectively. Contractual rates of interest on brokered and wholesale deposits outstanding at December 31, 2011, ranged from a low of 0.35 to a high of 3.25 . Contractual rates of interest on brokered and wholesale deposits outstanding at December 31, 2010, ranged from a low of 0.20 to a high of 4.41 . 

F- 27 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 7 DEPOSITS (Continued) 

At December 31, 2011 the scheduled maturities of time deposits are as follows: 

2012 

145,524,083 

2013 

13,517,910 

2014 

1,586,692 

2015 

256,930 

2016 

5,338,621 

166,224,236 

NOTE 8- SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS 

Short-term borrowings payable include securities sold under agreements to repurchase which generally mature on a one to thirty day basis, federal funds purchased, borrowings from the discount window of the Federal Reserve Bank, loans collateralized by the cash value of Company owned life insurance, and a holding company line of credit. Information concerning short-term borrowings is summarized as follows: 

December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Balance at end of the year 

6,850,205 

3,963,399 

Average balance during year 

6,363,548 

10,411,241 

Average interest rate during year 

0.15 

1.75 

Maximum month-end balance during the year 

9,223,462 

14,565,424 

The Company has collateralized the repurchase agreements with securities with an aggregate cost basis and market value of 4,162,800 and 4,224,283, respectively, at December 31, 2011. 

NOTE 9 - ADVANCES FROM FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK 

Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank are collateralized by FHLB stock and pledges of certain residential mortgage loans and are summarized as follows: 

December 31 

Maturity 

Rate 

2011 

2010 

February 2011 

Variable (0.29 at December 31, 2010) 

- 

4,500,000 

March 2011 

2.96 

- 

7,500,000 

November 2011 

Variable (0.47 at December 31, 2010) 

- 

5,000,000 

February 2012 

0.14 

4,000,000 

- 

March 2012 

0.14 

4,000,000 

- 

September 2013 

4.75 

10,000,000 

10,000,000 

June 2014 

3.92 

2,000,000 

2,000,000 

October 2016 

4.25 

5,000,000 

5,000,000 

November 2016 

4.08 

5,000,000 

5,000,000 

January 2017 

4.35 

5,000,000 

5,000,000 

January 2017 

4.40 

5,000,000 

5,000,000 

January 2017 

4.46 

5,000,000 

5,000,000 

January 2017 

4.60 

5,000,000 

5,000,000 

March 2018 

2.33 

5,000,000 

5,000,000 

April 2018 

3.03 

5,000,000 

5,000,000 

60,000,000 

69,000,000 

Each of the fixed rate advances is subject to early termination options. The Federal Home Loan Bank reserves the right to terminate each agreement at an earlier date. 

F- 28 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 10 - UNUSED LINES OF CREDIT 

At December 31, 2011, the Bank had unused lines of credit to purchase federal funds totaling approximately 11.4 million from unrelated banks. These lines of credit are available on a one to fifteen day basis for general corporate purposes of the Bank. The lenders have reserved the right to withdraw the lines at their option. The Company may also borrow from the Federal Home Loan Bank based on a predetermined formula. Borrowings on this line totaled 60.0 million at December 31, 2011. Additional funds of approximately 35.6 million were available on the line. Advances are subject to approval by the Federal Home Loan Bank and may require the Company to pledge additional collateral. The Company has pledged approximately 137.6 million in loans as qualifying collateral for these borrowings. Also at December 31, 2011, the Company had an unused line of credit totaling approximately 32.2 million with the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond to borrow funds from its discount window. The Company had pledged loans totaling approximately 41.1 million as collateral for these borrowings. 

NOTE 11 - JUNIOR SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES 

On August 5, 2005, Southcoast Capital Trust III (the "Capital Trust"), a non-consolidated subsidiary of the Company, issued and sold a total of 10,310 floating rate securities, with a 1,000 liquidation amount per security (the "Capital Securities"). Institutional buyers bought 10,000 of the Capital Securities denominated as preferred securities and the Company bought the other 310 Capital Securities which are denominated as common securities. The proceeds of those sales, 10.3 million, were used by the Capital Trust to buy 10.3 million of junior subordinated debentures from the Company which is reported on its consolidated balance sheets. The Capital Securities issued by the Capital Trust remain outstanding and mature or are mandatorily redeemable on September 30, 2035. The Company has the right to redeem these securities on or after September 30, 2010. 

The Company s investment in the common securities of the Capital Trust totaled 310,000 at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, and is included in Available for Sale Securities on its consolidated balance sheets. The preferred securities of the Capital Trust, totaling 10.0 million, qualify as Tier 1 capital under Federal Reserve Board guidelines, subject to limitations. 

The Capital Securities issued by the Capital Trust accrue and pay distributions quarterly at a rate per annum equal to the three-month LIBOR, which was 0.30 percent at December 31, 2010, plus 150 basis points. The distribution rate payable on the Capital Securities is cumulative and payable quarterly in arrears. The Company has the right, subject to events of default, to defer payments of interest on the Capital Securities for a period not to exceed 20 consecutive quarterly periods, provided that no extension period may extend beyond the maturity date of December 16, 2035. The Company s payment of interest on the Capital Securities is subject to the Company s compliance with Federal Reserve Board guidelines regarding the payment of dividends. 

In accordance with the debenture terms noted above the Company deferred its quarterly dividend payment on these securities beginning with the December 2011 payment. Amounts so deferred bear additional interest at a variable rate per annum, reset quarterly, equal to LIBOR plus 1.50 compounded quarterly from the dates on which the amounts would otherwise have been due and payable until paid. During this period of deferral the Company is capitalizing the interest payments due and adding them to the principal outstanding for accrual purposes. Upon reinstatement of the quarterly dividend payments the debenture terms require payment in full of all interest arrearage. As long as there are preferred securities of the Southcoast Capital Trust III outstanding and the Company has elected to defer making interest payments with respect to the preferred securities as permitted by the terms of the preferred securities, the Company may not declare or pay dividends on its common stock or redeem or repurchase any shares of its common stock, subject to certain minor exceptions. 

NOTE 12 DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES 

As part of its overall interest rate risk management activities, the Company utilized a derivative instrument to manage its exposure to interest rate risks which can cause significant fluctuations in earnings. This derivative instrument consisted of an interest rate swap agreement which the Company entered into during 2007. This agreement expired during 2010. Interest rate swap agreements are derivative financial instruments derivatives ). Interest rate swaps generally involve the exchange of fixed and variable rate interest payments between two parties, based on a common notional amount and maturity date. The Company s goal is to manage interest-rate sensitivity by modifying the repricing or maturity characteristics of specific balance sheet assets and liabilities so that the net interest margin is not, on a material basis, adversely affected by movements in interest rates. The interest rate swap entered into by the Company converted certain variable rate long term debt to fixed rates. This rate swap agreement is considered a cash flow hedge. As a result of interest rate fluctuations, hedged assets and liabilities will appreciate or depreciate in market value. The effect of this unrealized appreciation or depreciation will generally be offset by income or loss on the derivatives that are linked to the hedged assets and liabilities. The Company views this strategy as a prudent management of interest rate sensitivity, such that earnings are not exposed to undue risk presented by changes in interest rates. 

F- 29 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 12 DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES (Continued) 

By using derivative instruments, the Company is exposed to credit and market risk. If the counterparty fails to perform, credit risk is equal to the fair value gain in a derivative. When the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, this generally indicates that the counterparty owes the Company, and, therefore, creates a repayment risk for the Company. When the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, the Company owes the counterparty and, therefore, it has no repayment risk. The Company minimizes the credit (or repayment) risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties that are reviewed by the Company s credit committee. 

Market risk is the adverse effect that a change in interest rates, currency, or implied volatility rates has on the value of a financial instrument. The Company manages the market risk associated with its interest rate swap contract by establishing and monitoring limits as to the types and degree of risk that may be undertaken. The Company periodically measures this risk by using a value-at-risk methodology. 

The Company s derivatives activities are monitored by its asset/liability committee as part of that committee s oversight of the Company s asset/liability and treasury functions. The Company s asset/liability committee is responsible for implementing various hedging strategies that are developed through its analysis of data from financial simulation models and other internal and industry sources. The resulting hedging strategies are then incorporated into the Company s overall interest-rate risk-management and trading strategies. 

The interest rate swap agreement provided for the Company to make payments at a fixed rate of 6.32 in exchange for receiving payments at a variable rate determined by a specified index (three month LIBOR plus 150 basis points). 

During 2010, the Company recognized 337,015 in additional interest expense on Junior subordinated debentures as a result of its interest rate swap. The swap agreement expired on September 30, 2010. 

NOTE 13 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

The Company is party to litigation and claims arising in the normal course of business. Management, after consultation with legal counsel, believes that the liabilities, if any, arising from such litigation and claims will not be material to the Company s financial position. 

NOTE 14 - INCOME TAXES 

The following summary of the provision for income taxes includes tax deferrals which arise from temporary differences in the recognition of certain items of revenue and expense for tax and financial reporting purposes for the years ended December 31: 

2011 

2010 

Income taxes currently payable (refundable) 

Federal 

- 

(44,340) 

State 

61.612 

14,738 

61,612 

(29,602) 

Deferred tax benefit 

(4,220,078) 

(181,932) 

Change in valuation allowance 

8,734,125 

18,432 

4,514,047 

(163,500) 

Expense (benefit) 

4,575,659 

(193,102) 

F- 30 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 14 - INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

The income tax effect of cumulative temporary differences for deferred tax assets (liabilities) at December 31, is as follows: 

December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Deferred tax assets: 

Allowance for loan losses 

3,635,117 

3,234,363 

Allowance for impairment of other real estate owned 

1,087,820 

315,516 

Net operating loss (NOL) carryforward 

2,775,634 

- 

Unrealized loss on investment securities 

567,754 

1,373,595 

Deferred revenue 

130,795 

82,057 

Deferred compensation 

461,177 

395,944 

Other 

356,013 

253,654 

Total deferred tax assets 

9,014,310 

5,655,129 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation 

110,480 

126,937 

Prepaid expenses 

92,691 

131,290 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

203,171 

258,227 

Net deferred tax asset 

8,811,139 

5,396,902 

Valuation allowance 

(8,811,139) 

(77,014) 

Total net deferred tax asset 

- 

5,319,888 

The net deferred tax asset is reported in other assets in the balance sheets at December 31, 2011 and 2010. 

A valuation allowance is recognized for a deferred tax asset if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion of the entire deferred tax or asset will not be realized. In making such judgments, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. As a result of increased credit losses, the Company entered into a three-year cumulative pre-tax loss position in 2011. A cumulative loss position is considered significant negative evidence in assessing the reliability of a deferred tax asset, which is difficult to overcome. The Company s estimate of the realization of its deferred tax assets was based on future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and taxable income in prior carry back years. The Company did not consider future taxable income in determining the reliability of its deferred assets. During 2011 and 2010, the Company recorded valuation allowances totaling 8,811,139 and 77,014, respectively. The 2010 valuation allowance related to available net operating loss carry forwards for holding company state income taxes. 

The Company has a Federal net operating loss carryforward of 7,852,083 at December 31, 2011 which expires in 2031. 

The Company is no longer subject to examination by taxing authorities for years before 2008, except to the extent net operating losses are carried back to earlier years. In 2010, the Company filed a refund claim in order to carryback its 2009 NOL to the years 2004, 2005 and 2006. The Company was able to carryback its 2009 NOL to the years 2004 through 2006 due to the enactment of the Worker, Homeownership, and Business Assistance Act of 2009 (the Act ). The Act includes a provision that allows most businesses an election to increase the NOL carryback period from 2 years under current law to as much as 5 years for NOLs generated in either 2008 or 2009 (but not both). The IRS examined the tax years attributed to the refund claim beginning in 2010 and completed its examination in August 2011 with no changes. The results of the IRS s examination are currently being reviewed by the Joint Committee on Taxation. 

The provision for income taxes is reconciled to the amount of income tax computed at the federal statutory rate on income (loss) before income taxes for the years ended December 31, as follows: 

F- 31 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 14 - INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

2011 

2010 

Amount 

Amount 

Amount 

Tax benefit at statutory rate 

(4,047,463) 

34 

(42,239) 

34 

Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: 

State tax (net of federal benefit) 

(14,310) 

- 

(8,704) 

7 

Officers life insurance 

(72,041) 

1 

(74,054) 

118 

Municipal interest 

(122,757) 

1 

(116,626) 

94 

Other tax preference items 

98,105 

(1) 

30,089 

(83) 

Valuation allowance change 

8,734,125 

(73) 

18,432 

(15) 

Tax expense (benefit) 

4,575,659 

(38) 

(193,102) 

155 

During 2010, the Company had a pretax operating loss of 124,233. Many of the Company s individual tax preference items for this period reflected above have absolute values much greater than those of the losses themselves, which contributes to the unusually large percentages reflected in the table above. 

The Company has analyzed the tax positions taken or expected to be taken in its tax returns and concluded it has no liability related to uncertain tax positions. 

NOTE 15 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Directors, executive officers and their affiliates are customers of and have banking transactions with the Bank in the ordinary course of business. A summary of loan transactions with directors and executive officers, including their affiliates, is as follows: 

December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Balance, beginning of year 

2,146,858 

368,350 

New loans 

11,000 

1,908,990 

Departure of related party 

(543,494) 

- 

Repayments 

(564,815) 

(130,482) 

Balance, end of year 

1,049,549 

2,146,858 

Deposits by directors and executive officers, including their affiliates, at December 31, 2011 and 2010 totaled 500,202 and 528,512, respectively. 

NOTE 16 - FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISK 

The Bank is party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. They involve elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts shown on the balance sheets. 

The Bank s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amounts of those instruments. The Bank uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. A summary of the Bank s commitments is as follows: 

F- 32 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 16 - FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISK (Continued) 

December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Commitments to extend credit 

18,339,872 

19,412,415 

Standby letters of credit 

332,945 

614,589 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any material condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require the payment of a fee. The Bank evaluates each customer s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Bank upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the borrower. Collateral varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, and commercial and residential real estate. 

Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. Collateral varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, marketable securities and property. Since many letters of credit are expected to expire without being drawn upon, they do not necessarily represent future cash requirements and the fair value of any liability associated with letters of credit is insignificant. 

The Bank enters into commitments to originate loans whereby the interest rate on the loan is determined prior to funding (rate lock commitments). Rate lock commitments on mortgage loans that are intended to be sold are considered to be derivatives. Accordingly, such commitments, if material, along with any related fees received from potential borrowers, are recorded at fair value as derivative assets or liabilities, with changes in fair value recorded in the net gain or loss on sale of mortgage loans. 

Fair value is based on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, and for fixed-rate commitments also considers the difference between current levels of interest rates and the committed rates. Due to the small amount and frequent turnover of loans held-for-sale, the derivative value is considered immaterial. 

NOTE 17 - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 

The Company maintains a 401(k) Plan for the benefit of all eligible employees. Upon ongoing approval of the Board of Directors, the Company matches 100 percent of employee contributions up to the first three percent of compensation, plus 50 percent of employee contributions on the next two percent of compensation, subject to certain adjustments and limitations. The Company may also make an elective three percent contribution to the Plan accounts of all eligible employees. Contributions made to the Plan in 2011 and 2010 amounted to 133,661 and 122,497, respectively. 

The Company entered into a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) during 2008 with its Chief Executive Officer. The Company accrued deferred compensation expense of 174,888 and 159,054 in 2011 and 2010, respectively, in relation to this plan. 

NOTE 18 - EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 

During 2000, the Board of Directors approved a five year Employee Stock Purchase Plan for the benefit of officers and employees. The plan was replaced in 2005 with an identical plan which expired in 2010. The plan was replaced again in 2010 with an identical plan which expires in 2015. Beginning July 1, 2000, officers and employees were allowed to have the Company make payroll withholdings for the purpose of buying Company stock. The purchase price is 85 percent of the closing quoted market price of the first or last business day of the quarter, whichever is less. Shares for the quarter are purchased during the first month of the following quarter. During 2011 and 2010, the Company issued 45,520 and 41,803 shares of common stock, respectively, under this plan. Proceeds from stock issuances during 2011 and 2010 totaled 124,569 and 142,738, respectively. 

F- 33 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 19 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

To raise additional capital during the year ended December 31, 2010, the Company sold shares of its common stock that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 to its officers and employees. Issuance of these shares was not registered under the 1933 Act in reliance upon the exemption provided by Section 4(2) of the Act because no public offering was involved. The Company issued 196,996 shares of common stock pursuant to this offering, raising 531,846 of additional capital, net of offering costs. 

NOTE 20 - NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE 

Net income (loss) per share - basic is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Net income (loss) per share - diluted is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and dilutive common share equivalents using the treasury stock method. Dilutive common share equivalents include common shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options. The Company had no outstanding stock options at December 31, 2011 or 2010. 

For the years ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Basic earnings (loss) per share: 

Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

(16,479,961) 

68,869 

Average common shares outstanding - basic 

5,287,014 

5,087,107 

Basic earnings (loss) per share 

(3.12) 

0.01 

NOTE 21 - OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Other comprehensive income (loss) components and related tax effects were as follows: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Unrealized holding gains on available for sale securities and derivative instruments 

2,848,505 

2,207,233 

Reclassification adjustment for gains realized in net income 

(853,074) 

(2,279,466) 

Reclassification adjustment for prior other-than-temporary impairment charges 

175,920 

- 

Net unrealized gains (losses) 

2,171,351 

(72,233) 

Tax effect 

781,686 

(26,004) 

Net-of-tax amount 

1,389,665 

(46,229) 

The following is a summary of the accumulated other comprehensive income balances, net of tax: 

December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Current Year Change 

Unrealized gains (losses) on securities available for sale 

48,791 

(2,439,874) 

2,488,665 

Other-than-temporary impairment on securities available for sale 

(1,099,000) 

- 

(1,099,000) 

Total 

(1,050,209) 

(2,439,874) 

1,389,665 

F- 34 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 22 - DIVIDENDS 

There are no current plans to initiate payment of cash dividends and future dividend policy will depend on the Company s earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other factors considered relevant by the Board of Directors. The Bank s ability to pay dividends to the Company is restricted by the laws and regulations of the State of South Carolina. Generally, these restrictions require the Bank to obtain the prior written consent of the South Carolina Commissioner of Banking to pay dividends. 

Under the terms of the Indenture relating to its junior subordinated debentures, as a consequence of deferral of interest payments, the Company has agreed not to declare or pay dividends or distributions on, or redeem, purchase, acquire or make a liquidation payment with respect to its common stock, subject to certain exceptions, including the issuance of stock dividends. See Note 11 for further information about the junior subordinated debentures and the deferral of interest payments. 

NOTE 23 - REGULATORY MATTERS 

The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure of the Bank to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Bank s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Bank s assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Bank s capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 

Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the table below) of total and Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, and of Tier 1 capital to average assets. Management believes, as of December 31, 2011, that the Company and the Bank meet all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. 

As of December 31, 2011, the most recent notification of the regulators categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the institution s category. 

The following table summarizes the capital ratios and the regulatory minimum requirements for the Company and the Bank. 

To Be Well- 

Capitalized Under 

For Capital 

Prompt Corrective 

Actual 

Adequacy Purposes 

Action Provisions 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

December 31, 2011 

The Company 

Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

46,339 

14.18 

26,149 

8.00 
 (1) 

N/A 

N/A 

Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

42,172 

12.90 

13,074 

4.00 
 (1) 

N/A 

N/A 

Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 

42,172 

9.73 

17,342 

4.00 
 (1) 

N/A 

N/A 

The Bank 

Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

42,766 

13.18 

25,962 

8.00 

32,453 

10.00 

Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

38,620 

11.90 

12,981 

4.00 

19,472 

6.00 

Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 

38,620 

8.91 

17,344 

4.00 

21,680 

5.00 

December 31, 2010 

The Company 

Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

60,089 

16.81 

28,594 

8.00 
 (1) 

N/A 

N/A 

Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

55,467 

15.52 

14,297 

4.00 
 (1) 

N/A 

N/A 

Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 

55,467 

11.70 

18,964 

4.00 
 (1) 

N/A 

N/A 

The Bank 

Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

53,319 

15.12 

28,203 

8.00 

35,253 

10.00 

Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

48,757 

13.83 

14,101 

4.00 

21,152 

6.00 

Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 

48,757 

10.40 

18,760 

4.00 

23,449 

5.00 

(1) Minimum requirements for bank holding companies. Bank holding companies with higher levels of risks, or that are experiencing or anticipating significant growth, are also expected to maintain capital well above the minimums. 

F- 35 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 24 - ESTIMATED FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

Fair value is the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Generally accepted accounting principles also establish a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 1 assets and liabilities include debt and equity securities and derivative contracts that are traded in an active exchange market, as well as U.S. Treasuries, and money market funds. 

Level 2 - Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets and liabilities include debt securities with quoted prices that are traded less frequently than exchange-traded instruments, mortgage backed securities, municipal bonds, corporate debt securities, and derivative contracts whose value is determined using a pricing model with inputs that are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, real estate appraisals, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. 

Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis are as follows as of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010 (amounts in thousands) : 

December 31, 2011 

Quoted 

Market Price in 

Active Markets 

Level 1 

Significant 

Other Observable 

Inputs 

Level 2 

Significant Unobservable 

Inputs 

Level 3 

Total 

Available-for-sale investment securities 

Mortgage backed 

Government sponsored enterprises 

- 

38,232 

- 

38,232 

Other 

- 

1,545 

- 

1,545 

Municipals 

- 

7,605 

- 

7,605 

Other 

- 

396 

1,490 

1,886 

Total assets at fair value 

- 

47,778 

1,490 

49,268 

December 31, 2010 

Quoted 

Market Price in 

Active Markets 

Level 1 

Significant 

Other Observable 

Inputs 

Level 2 

Significant Unobservable 

Inputs 

Level 3 

Total 

Available-for-sale investment securities 

Mortgage backed 

Government sponsored enterprises 

- 

56,683 

- 

56,683 

Other 

- 

1,880 

- 

1,880 

Municipals 

- 

12,088 

- 

12,088 

Other 

- 

460 

1,195 

1,655 

Total assets at fair value 

- 

71,111 

1,195 

72,306 

F- 36 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 24 - ESTIMATED FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued) 

The Company has no liabilities carried at fair value or measured at fair value on a recurring basis. There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during 2011 and 2010. 

The following table reconciles the changes in recurring Level 3 financial instruments for the twelve months ended December 30, 2011 and 2010 (amounts in thousands) : 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Beginning of Year Balance 

1,195 

1,245 

Discount Accretion 

9 

9 

Other-than-temporary impairment on available for sale securities 

(176) 

- 

Unrealized Gain 

462 

(59) 

Ending Balance 

1,490 

1,195 

Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are as follows as of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010 (amounts in thousands) : 

December 31, 2011 

Quoted 

Market Price in 

Active Markets 

Level 1 

Significant 

Other Observable 

Inputs 

Level 2 

Significant Unobservable 

Inputs 

Level 3 

Total 

Impaired Loans 

1 - 4 Residential Prime 

- 

- 

3,622 

3,622 

1 - 4 Residential Subprime 

- 

- 

2,055 

2,055 

Multifamily Residential 

- 

- 

864 

864 

Commercial Real Estate 

- 

- 

3,477 

3,477 

Construction and Land Development 

- 

- 

3,204 

3,204 

Other Real Estate Owned 

1 - 4 Residential 

- 

- 

743 

743 

Multifamily Residential 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Commercial Real Estate 

- 

- 

4,941 

4,941 

Construction and Land Development 

- 

- 

3,639 

3,639 

Total assets at fair value 

- 

- 

22,545 

22,545 

December 31, 2010 

Quoted 

Market Price in 

Active Markets 

Level 1 

Significant 

Other Observable 

Inputs 

Level 2 

Significant Unobservable 

Inputs 

Level 3 

Total 

Impaired Loans 

1 - 4 Residential Prime 

- 

- 

2,419 

2,419 

1 - 4 Residential Subprime 

- 

- 

1,450 

1,450 

Multifamily Residential 

- 

- 

1,294 

1,294 

Commercial Real Estate 

- 

- 

4,330 

4,330 

Construction and Land Development 

- 

- 

3,467 

3,467 

Other Real Estate Owned 

1 4 Residential 

- 

- 

1,622 

1,622 

Multifamily Residential 

- 

- 

220 

220 

Commercial Real Estate 

- 

- 

2,825 

2,825 

Construction and Land Development 

- 

- 

4,256 

4,256 

Total assets at fair value 

- 

- 

21,883 

21,833 

F- 37 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 24 - ESTIMATED FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued) 

Impaired loans that are measured for impairment using the fair value of the collateral had a recorded investment of 17.8 million with a valuation allowance of 1.5 million at December 31, 2011, resulting in an additional provision for loan losses of 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. At December 31, 2010, impaired loans had a recorded investment of 19.2 million, with a valuation allowance of 2.3 million, resulting in an additional provision for loan losses of 3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2010. 

Other real estate owned measured at fair value less costs to sell, had a net carrying amount of 9.3 million, which is made up of the outstanding balance of 12.5 million, net of a valuation allowance of 3.2 million at December 31, 2011, resulting in a writedown of 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. At December 31, 2010, other real estate owned had a net carrying amount of 8.9 million, made up of the outstanding balance of 9.8 million, net of a valuation allowance of approximately 900,000, resulting in a writedown of 191,000 for the year ended December 31, 2010. 

The Company has no liabilities carried at fair value or measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 

Valuation Methodologies Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Fair Value 

The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. 

Available for Sale Investment Securities 

Investment securities available-for-sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors such as credit loss assumptions. Securities classified as Level 1 include those traded on an active exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange, U.S. Treasury securities that are traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets and money market funds. Securities classified as Level 2 include mortgage-backed securities issued by government sponsored entities, municipal bonds and corporate debt securities. Securities classified as Level 3 include asset-backed securities in less liquid markets. The fair value of the trust preferred securities is computed based upon discounted cash flows estimated using interest rates, principal balances of note classes and underlying issuers, the timing and amount of interest and principal payments of the underlying issuers, and the allocation to the note classes. Current estimates of expected cash flows is based on the most recent trustee reports and any other relevant market information, including announcements of interest payment deferrals or defaults of underlying issuers. The payment, default and recovery assumptions are believed to reflect the assumptions of market participants. Cash flows are discounted at appropriate market rates, including consideration of credit spreads and illiquidity discounts. 

Loans Held for Sale 

Mortgage loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or market value. The fair value of mortgage loans held for sale is based on what secondary markets are currently offering for portfolios with similar characteristics. As such, the Company categorizes loans subjected to nonrecurring fair value adjustments as Level 2. There were no fair value adjustments to mortgage loans held for sale as of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010. 

Valuation Methodologies Assets and Liabilities not recorded at Fair Value 

The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities that are not recorded at fair value, but whose fair value must be estimated and disclosed: 

Loans 

For certain categories of loans, such as variable rate loans which reprice frequently and have no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on the carrying amounts. The fair value of other types of loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not be made in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement are considered impaired. Impaired loans are carried at the lesser of their principal balance or their fair value. The Company considers problem loans with principal balances of 250,000 or greater individually for impairment. The fair value of loans individually evaluated for impairment is estimated using one of several methods, including the present value of expected cash flows, market price of the loan, if available, or fair value of the underlying collateral less costs to sell. At December 31, 2011, most impaired loans were evaluated based on the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell. Those impaired loans not requiring a specific allowance for loan losses allocation represent loans with fair values exceeding their recorded investments. Impaired loans for which a specific allowance is established based on the fair value of collateral require classification in the fair value hierarchy. When the fair value of an impaired loan is based on an observable market price the Company records the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 2. When the fair value of an impaired loan is based on the present value of expected cash flows or the fair value of the underlying collateral the Company records the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 3. 

F- 38 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 24 - ESTIMATED FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued) 

Other real estate owned 

Nonrecurring adjustments to certain commercial and residential real estate properties classified as other real estate owned are measured at fair value, less costs to sell. Fair values are based on recent real estate appraisals. These appraisals may use a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available. Such adjustments are usually significant and typically result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. 

Deposits 

The fair value of demand deposits, savings, and money market accounts is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair value of time deposits is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies current interest rates to a schedule of aggregated expected maturities. 

Other borrowings 

The carrying amount of variable rate borrowings and securities sold under repurchase agreements approximates fair value. The fair value of fixed rate other borrowings is estimated based on discounted contractual cash flows using the current incremental borrowing rates for similar type borrowing arrangements. The fair value of variable rate junior subordinated debentures is estimated based on discounted contractual cash flows using rates for securities with similar terms and remaining maturities. 

The estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments are as follows (amounts in thousands): 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Carrying 

Fair 

Carrying 

Fair 

Amount 

Value 

Amount 

Value 

Financial assets: 

Cash and due from banks 

18,037 

18,037 

20,062 

20,062 

Investment securities 

49,268 

49,268 

72,306 

72,306 

Loans held for sale 

995 

995 

417 

417 

Loans, net 

309,048 

308,507 

326,936 

326,305 

Financial liabilities: 

Deposits 

316,147 

313,613 

344,602 

335,993 

Short term borrowings 

6,850 

6,850 

3,963 

3,963 

Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank 

60,000 

66,309 

69,000 

74,318 

Junior subordinated debentures 

10,310 

4,502 

10,310 

4,347 

The fair value of both commitments to extend credit, which totaled approximately 18.3 million and 19.4 million at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively, and standby letters of credit, which totaled approximately 333,000 and 615,000 at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively, is not considered material (or is based on the current fees or costs that would be charged to enter into or terminate such arrangements). 

F- 39 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 25 - PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Following is condensed financial information of Southcoast Financial Corporation parent company only ): 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2011 

2010 

ASSETS 

Cash 

2,101,285 

2,338,040 

Investments available for sale 

86,141 

460,000 

Investment in subsidiaries 

38,372,890 

48,613,762 

Property and equipment, net 

1,884,739 

4,707,714 

Other assets 

73,100 

1,178,747 

Total assets 

42,518,155 

57,298,263 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accounts payable 

1,395,866 

1,210,247 

Junior subordinated debentures 

10,310,000 

10,310,000 

Shareholders equity 

30,812,289 

45,778,016 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

42,518,155 

57,298,263 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 

For the years ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Income 

Other 

135,886 

447,477 

Expenses 

(662,803) 

(1,261,077) 

Loss before income taxes 

(526,917) 

(813,600) 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

(940,194) 

268,224 

Loss before equity in undistributed net income (loss) of subsidiaries 

(1,467,112) 

(545,376) 

Equity in undistributed net income (loss) of subsidiaries 

(15,012,849) 

614,245 

Net income (loss) 

(16,479,961) 

68,869 

F- 40 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 25 - PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued) 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the years ended December 31, 

2011 

2010 

Operating Activities 

Net income (loss) 

(16,479,961) 

68,869 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used by operating activities 

Equity in undistributed net (income) losses of subsidiaries 

15,012,849 

(614,245) 

Reduction in deferred gain on sale of property and equipment 

- 

(1,350,117) 

Gain on sale of property and equipment 

- 

(123,318) 

Depreciation 

19,669 

41,368 

Increase in value of Company owned life insurance 

- 

(17,818) 

Decrease in deferred taxes 

1,130,101 

52,990 

(Increase) decrease in other assets 

(1,464) 

122,196 

Increase (decrease) in other liabilities 

185,620 

(209,475) 

Net cash used by operating activities 

(133,186) 

(2,029,550) 

Investing activities 

Capital contributions to subsidiaries 

(221,273) 

- 

Decrease in loans, net 

- 

1,915,215 

Purchase of property and equipment 

(6,865) 

(802,809) 

Proceeds from sales of Company owned life insurance 

- 

8,147,785 

Proceeds from sales of property and equipment 

- 

823,318 

Net cash provided (used) by investing activities 

(228,138) 

10,083,509 

Financing activities 

Decrease in other borrowings 

- 

(7,640,636) 

Net proceeds from issuance of stock 

124,569 

674,584 

Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 

124,569 

6,966,052) 

Net change in cash 

(236,755) 

1,087,907 

Cash, beginning of year 

2,338,040 

1,250,133 

Cash, end of year 

2,101,285 

2,338,040 

F- 41 

SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Corporate Data 

Common Stock and Dividends 

(Unaudited) 

The common stock of the Company is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol "SOCB." The reported high and low sales prices adjusted for the 2011 10 stock dividend for each quarter of 2011 and 2010 are shown in the following table. 

2011 

Low 

High 

Fourth Quarter 

1.25 

2.07 

Third Quarter 

1.52 

3.23 

Second Quarter 

2.70 

3.23 

First Quarter 

2.51 

3.27 

2010 

Fourth Quarter 

2.28 

3.80 

Third Quarter 

1.72 

3.89 

Second Quarter 

2.12 

3.82 

First Quarter 

2.68 

3.64 

As of March 7, 2012, there were approximately 1,404 holders of record of the Company's common stock, excluding individual participants in security position listings. 

The Company has never paid any cash dividends, and to support its continued capital growth, does not expect to pay cash dividends in the near future. The dividend policy of the Company is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors and depends upon a number of factors, including earnings, financial conditions, cash needs and general business conditions, as well as applicable regulatory considerations. At present, the Company s principal source of funds with which it could pay dividends is dividend payments from the Bank. South Carolina banking regulations require the prior written consent of the South Carolina Commissioner of Banking for the payment of cash dividends. 

Under the terms of the Indenture relating to its junior subordinated debentures, as a consequence of deferral of interest payments, the Company has agreed not to declare or pay dividends or distributions on, or redeem, purchase, acquire or make a liquidation payment with respect to its common stock, subject to certain exceptions, including the issuance of stock dividends. See Note 11 for further information about the junior subordinated debentures and the deferral of interest payments. 

F- 42

</EX-13>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex23-1.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

Crowe Horwath LLP 

Independent Member Crowe Horwath International 

950 East Paces Ferry Road N.E., Suite 3315 

Atlanta, Georgia 30326-1388 

Tel 404.442.1600 

Fax 404.442.1616 

www.crowehorwath.com 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors 

Southcoast Financial Corporation 

We consent to the incorporation by reference into the Registration Statements on Form S-8 of Southcoast Financial Corporation in connection with the Southcoast Financial Corporation 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Registration Statement No. 333-167828), the Southcoast Financial Corporation 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Registration Statement No. 333-128197), and the Southcoast Financial Corporation 1999 Stock Option Plan (Registration Statement No. 333-106154) of our report dated March 16, 2012 relating to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Southcoast Financial Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

/s/ Crowe Horwath LLP 

Atlanta, Georgia 

March 16, 2012 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 ex23-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.2

ex23-2.htm 

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors 

Southcoast Financial Corporation 

We consent to the incorporation by reference into the Registration Statements on Form S-8 filed by Southcoast Financial Corporation in connection with the Southcoast Financial Corporation 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Registration Statement No. 333-167828) the Southcoast Financial Corporation 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Registration Statement No. 333-128197) and the Southcoast Financial Corporation 1999 Stock Option Plan (Registration Statement No. 333-106154) of our report, dated March 10, 2011, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Southcoast Financial Corporation and subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2010, which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Southcoast Financial Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

/s/ Elliott Davis LLC 

Elliott Davis LLC 

Charleston, South Carolina 

March 16, 2012 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex31-1.htm 

CERTIFICATIONS 

Exhibit 31.1 

I, L. Wayne Pearson, certify that: 

1. 

have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Southcoast Financial Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2012 

/s/L. Wayne Pearson 

L. Wayne Pearson 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex31-2.htm 

CERTIFICATIONS 

Exhibit 31.2 

I, William C. Heslop, certify that: 

1. 

have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Southcoast Financial Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2012 

/s/William C. Heslop 

William C. Heslop 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

ex32.htm 

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

The undersigned, who are the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of Southcoast Financial Corporation each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge, the accompanying Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the issuer. 

March 16, 2012 

/s/L. Wayne Pearson 

L. Wayne Pearson 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/William C. Heslop 

William C. Heslop 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 socb-20111231.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 socb-20111231.xsd
 EXHIBIT 101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 socb-20111231_cal.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 socb-20111231_def.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 socb-20111231_lab.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 socb-20111231_pre.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

