<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20130226_10-K_edgar_data_203077_0000203077-13-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15199203</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>659987</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3580805</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5568885</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2785114</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2140090</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>22</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000203077-13-000003.hdr.sgml : 20130226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20130226171844
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000203077-13-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		24
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121229
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ST JUDE MEDICAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000203077
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				411276891
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12441
		FILM NUMBER:		13643762

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE ST JUDE MEDICAL DRIVE
		CITY:			ST PAUL
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55117
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6517562000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE ST JUDE MEDICAL DRIVE
		CITY:			ST PAUL
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55117

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000203077-13-000003.txt : 20130226

10-K
 1
 stj201210-k.htm
 10-K

STJ 2012 10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 10-K 
 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended December 29, 2012 
 Commission File Number: 1-12441 
 
 ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Minnesota 
 
 41-1276891 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 incorporation or organization) 

One St. Jude Medical Drive 
 
 (651) 756-2000 
 St. Paul, Minnesota 55117 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, 
 (Address of principal executive 
 
 including area code) 
 offices, including zip code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Common Stock .10 par value) 
 
 New York Stock Exchange 
 (Title of class) 
 
 (Name of exchange on which registered) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes No o 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer x 
 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer o 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller reporting company o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was 12.5 billion at June 29, 2012 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), when the closing sale price of such stock, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, was 39.91 per share. 
 The registrant had 282,871,216 shares of its 0.10 par value Common Stock outstanding as of February 22, 2013. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the Company s Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2012 are incorporated by reference into Parts I and II. Portions of the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ITEM 
 DESCRIPTION 
 PAGE 

PART I 

1. 
 Business 
 1 
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 17 
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 

PART II 

5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 28 
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 29 
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 29 

PART III 

10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 29 
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 29 
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 30 
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 30 
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 30 

PART IV 

15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 31 

Signatures 
 37 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 
 General 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. develops, manufactures and distributes cardiovascular medical devices for the global cardiac rhythm management, cardiovascular and atrial fibrillation therapy areas and neurostimulation medical devices for the management of chronic pain. Our principal products in each therapy area are as follows: Cardiac Rhythm Management tachycardia implantable cardioverter defibrillator systems (ICDs) and bradycardia pacemaker systems (pacemakers); Cardiovascular vascular products, which include vascular closure products, pressure measurement guidewires, optical coherence tomography (OCT) imaging products, vascular plugs and other vascular accessories, and structural heart products, which include heart valve replacement and repair products and structural heart defect devices; Atrial Fibrillation electrophysiology (EP) introducers and catheters, advanced cardiac mapping, navigation and recording systems and ablation systems; and Neuromodulation neurostimulation products, which include spinal cord and deep brain stimulation devices. References to St. Jude Medical, St. Jude, the Company, we, us and our are to St. Jude Medical, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 On August 30, 2012, we announced the realignment of our product divisions into two new operating divisions: the Cardiovascular and Ablation Technologies Division (CATD) (combining our legacy Cardiovascular (CV) and Atrial Fibrillation (AF) product divisions) and the Implantable Electronic Systems Division (IESD) (combining our Cardiac Rhythm Management (CRM) and Neuromodulation (NMD) product divisions). In addition, we centralized certain support functions, including information technology, human resources, legal, business development and certain marketing functions. While this divisional realignment was effective August 30, 2012, we have continued to report under our legacy operating segment structure for internal management financial forecasting and reporting purposes through the end of our 2012 fiscal year. We will report under the new organizational structure effective the beginning of fiscal year 2013. 
 We market and sell our products through both a direct sales force and independent distributors. The principal geographic markets for our products are the United States, Europe, Japan and Asia Pacific. St. Jude Medical was incorporated in Minnesota in 1976. 
 We have aggregated our four operating segments into two reportable segments based primarily upon their similar operational and economic characteristics: CRM/NMD and CV/AF. Our performance by reportable segment is included in Note 14 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Financial Report included in our 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders and filed as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K. 
 We utilize a 52/53-week fiscal year ending on the Saturday nearest December 31 st . Fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010 consisted of 52 weeks and ended on December 29, 2012, December 31, 2011 and January 1, 2011, respectively. 
 The table below shows net sales and percentage of total net sales contributed by each of our four operating segments for fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010: 
 Net Sales (in millions) 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Cardiac Rhythm Management 

2,854 

3,034 

3,040 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 1,328 

1,337 

1,036 
 
 Atrial Fibrillation 
 
 898 

822 

708 
 
 Neuromodulation 
 
 423 

419 

380 

5,503 

5,612 

5,164 
 
 Percentage of Total Net Sales 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Cardiac Rhythm Management 
 
 51.9 

54.1 

58.9 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 24.1 

23.8 

20.1 
 
 Atrial Fibrillation 
 
 16.3 

14.6 

13.7 
 
 Neuromodulation 
 
 7.7 

7.5 

7.3 

In March 2010, significant U.S. healthcare reform legislation, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) along with the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 was enacted into law. As a U.S. headquartered company with 
 1 

significant sales in the United States, this health care reform law will materially impact us. Certain provisions of the health care reform are not effective for a number of years and there are many programs and requirements for which the details have not yet been fully established or consequences not fully understood, and it is unclear what the full impacts will be from the legislation. The law does levy a 2.3 excise tax on all U.S. medical device sales beginning in 2013. Our U.S. net sales represented approximately 47 of our worldwide consolidated net sales in 2012 and we still expect the new tax will materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. The law also focuses on a number of Medicare provisions aimed at improving quality and decreasing costs. It is uncertain at this point what impacts these provisions will have on patient access to new technologies. The Medicare provisions also include value-based payment programs, increased funding of comparative effectiveness research, reduced hospital payments for avoidable readmissions and hospital acquired conditions, and pilot programs to evaluate alternative payment methodologies that promote care coordination (such as bundled physician and hospital payments). Additionally, the law includes a reduction in the annual rate of inflation for Medicare payments to hospitals that began in 2011 and the establishment of an independent payment advisory board to recommend ways of reducing the rate of growth in Medicare spending beginning in 2014. We cannot predict what healthcare programs and regulations will be ultimately implemented at the federal or state level, or the effect of any future legislation or regulation. However, any changes that lower reimbursement for our products or reduce medical procedure volumes could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We participate in several different medical device markets, each of which has its own expected growth rate. A significant portion of our net sales relate to CRM devices ICDs and pacemakers. The 2011 ICD market in the United States was negatively impacted by a decline in implant volumes and pricing resulting from the publication of an ICD utilization article in January 2011 in the Journal of the American Medical Association and subsequent hospital investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice. During the current year, the U.S. ICD market has continued to experience these negative impacts and we estimate the 2012 U.S. ICD market has contracted at a mid-single-digit percentage rate from the 2011 comparable period. While the long-term impact on the CRM market is uncertain, management remains focused on increasing our worldwide CRM market share, as we are one of three principal manufacturers and suppliers in the global CRM market. We are also investing in our other three major therapy areas cardiovascular, atrial fibrillation and neuromodulation to increase our market share in these markets and grow sales through continued market penetration. 
 Principal Products 
 Cardiac Rhythm Management : CRM focuses on the research, development and manufacture of products for cardiac arrhythmias, or irregular heartbeats. Our CRM product line includes ICDs that provide life-saving therapy to patients suffering from lethal heart conditions, such as sudden cardiac arrest; cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT) devices to save and improve the lives of patients suffering from heart failure (HF); pacemakers to help patients whose hearts beat too slowly or who suffer from other debilitating cardiac arrhythmias; leads (wires that connect our devices to the heart) to carry electrical impulses to the heart and provide information from the heart to the device; implantable loop recorders that monitor a patient's heart rhythm over a set period of time in order to provide important information into underlying pathologies such as bradycardia, atrial fibrillation and other cardiac arrhythmias; and programmers and remote monitoring equipment which are used by physicians and healthcare professionals to program our CRM devices and analyze device data to improve patient management. 
 
 Our ICDs and cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillator (CRT-D) devices treat patients with hearts that beat inappropriately fast, a condition known as tachycardia. ICDs monitor the heartbeat and deliver high energy electrical impulses, or shocks, to treat potentially lethal, abnormally fast heart rhythms (ventricular tachycardia (VT) and ventricular fibrillation (VF)), which often lead to sudden cardiac death (SCD). In VT, the lower chambers of the heart (ventricles) contract at an abnormally rapid rate and typically deliver less blood to the body's tissues and organs. VT can progress to VF, in which the heart beats so rapidly and erratically that it can no longer pump blood. A CRT-D device resynchronizes the beating of the ventricles, which often beat out of sync in heart failure patients, and provides back up treatment for SCD, which is a risk factor associated with certain types of heart failure. Cardiac resynchronization therapy can improve the quality of life for many patients with heart failure, a progressive condition in which the heart weakens and loses its ability to pump an adequate supply of blood. ICDs and CRT-Ds are typically implanted underneath the collarbone and connected to the heart by leads that deliver electrical impulses to the heart, regulating its rhythm. 
 
 During 2012, we received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and European CE Mark approval for the Ellipse ICD as well as the Assura family of ICD and CRT-D devices. The Assura family of high-voltage devices features both ICD models (Fortify Assura and CRT-D models (Unify Assura for bi-polar CRT-D and Quadra Assura for quadripolar CRT-D). The Ellipse ICD is a high energy ICD denoted for its small size while the Assura family has a high energy output, with a maximum output of 40 Joules. Both Ellipse and Assura devices feature advanced algorithms for discerning which arrhythmias need defibrillation therapy. Our DecisionTx programming feature has demonstrated that over 98 percent of our patients have been free of inappropriate shocks for two years post implant. These new ICDs also offer the new SecureSense algorithm that can both detect and notify the patient and/or physician of potential lead problems. 
 2 

The Assura families also include our Unify Quadra CRT-D device (FDA approval in November 2011 and European CE Mark approval in March 2011) and our Quartet LV (left ventricular) lead (FDA approval in November 2011 and European CE Mark approval in September 2009). St. Jude Medical's Unify Quadra , Quadra Assura and Promote Quadra represent our quadripolar pacing systems and are available worldwide. These quadripolar pacing systems allow physicians more options to address pacing complications without the need to reposition a lead surgically. 
 
 The Assura family replaces our Unify CRT-D and Fortify ICD devices (FDA approval in May 2010 and European CE Mark approval in January 2010). The Unify and Fortify devices were significantly smaller in size than previous devices, offered improved longevity and provided high energy electrical impulse capability for life saving therapy when needed. All of our high-voltage device families are available with the DF4 connector that allows a single defibrillation lead connection between an ICD or CRT-D device and the heart, reducing the procedure time and volume of leads implanted in the chest cavity. 
 
 With the introduction of the Unify and Fortify families of devices, we discontinued legacy offerings such as Current Accel and Promote Accel devices (FDA approval in February 2010 and European CE Mark approval in March 2009) as options for new implants in most countries; however, we continue to offer Current Plus and Promote Plus worldwide. In addition, the Fortify ST (European CE Mark approval in January 2010) and Ellipse ST ICDs (models commercialized outside the U.S. only) are capable of continuously monitoring the electrical changes between heartbeats, providing physicians insight into clinical events to help improve patient management. 
 
 Our ICDs are used with the single and dual-shock electrode transvenous defibrillation leads. Our latest ICD lead offerings include the Durata SJ4 (FDA approval in April 2009) and Durata high-voltage lead (FDA approval in September 2007), which feature design changes from previous generations targeted to enhance reliability and improve implant performance. The Durata leads, along with the Riata ST Optim leads (FDA approval in July 2006), feature our exclusive Optim insulation material that combines the durability of polyurethane and the softness of silicone. Optim insulation has demonstrated a statistically significant reduction in the incidence of insulation abrasion when compared to our previous silicone insulated leads. We now have Optim insulation available in all of our lead segments and have phased out our older silicone insulated leads in favor of the improved reliability of Optim insulated leads. 
 
 Our current portfolio of CRT leads includes the Quartet LV lead (FDA approval in November 2011 and European CE Mark approval in September 2009) as well as the smaller diameter lead, QuickFlex (micro) LV lead (FDA approval in May 2010 and European CE Mark approval in September 2008). Both the Quartet and QuickFlex are Optim insulated leads. The Quartet lead features four electrodes spaced over 4.7 centimeters, enabling up to 10 pacing configurations. Multiple pacing configurations allow the physician to implant the lead in the most stable position without sacrificing electrical performance. It also provides the physician more alternatives to pace closer to the base of the left ventricle, which recent studies associate with better patient outcomes, than traditional bipolar leads. The quadripolar pacing electrodes also provide physicians more options to optimize CRT performance, such as pacing around scar tissue in the heart and potentially avoiding more common pacing complications. For improved LV lead implantation, we also offer our CPS Aim SL (FDA approval in July 2009 and European CE Mark in April 2009) and CPS Direct SL II (FDA approval in August 2009 and European CE Mark approval in September 2009) slittable LV lead delivery tools designed to offer safe and efficient implantation procedures. We also provide additional tools for the placement of LV leads, including the CPS Luminary , CPS Duo , CPS Courier guidewires and the CPS Venture wire control catheter. 
 
 Our pacemakers treat patients with hearts that beat too slowly, a condition known as bradycardia. Similar to ICDs, pacemakers are typically implanted underneath the collarbone, monitor heart rate and, when necessary, deliver low-voltage electrical impulses to stimulate an appropriate heartbeat. Single-chamber pacemakers sense and stimulate only one chamber of the heart (atrium or ventricle), while dual-chamber devices can sense and pace both the upper atrium and lower ventricle chambers. Biventricular pacemakers can sense and pace in three chambers (atrium and both ventricle chambers). 
 
 In 2011, we introduced the AccentMRI pacemaker family in Europe and certain markets in Asia. The AccentMRI system features the AccentMRI pacemaker devices and the TendrilMRI lead with added filtering capabilities for safety during an MRI scan. In combination, the AccentMRI pacemaker and the TendrilMRI lead allow for a full-body MRI scan with no scan-zone or power restrictions. Additionally, the system includes the MRI activator to minimize changes in workflow prior to and immediately after an MRI scan. We have initiated an Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) trial in the U.S. to further study the safety of the AccentMRI system in order to gain U.S. approval. 
 
 In 2009, we received approval (FDA approval in July 2009 and European CE Mark approval in April 2009) of our Accent radio frequency (RF) pacemaker and Anthem RF CRT-P (cardiac resynchronization therapy pacemaker). The Accent and 
 3 

Anthem product families feature RF telemetry that enables secure, wireless communication between the implanted device and the programmer used by the clinician, allowing for more efficient and convenient care and device management. 
 
 Our other pacing products include the Zephyr and Sustain family of pacemakers. The Zephyr family of pacemakers (FDA approval in May 2007) includes automated features to simplify device follow-up. All standard follow-up tests may be done automatically by the device. The Zephyr family of pacemakers includes functionality to reduce unnecessary ventricular pacing through our Ventricular Intrinsic Preference (VIP TM algorithm. In 2011, we received approval (FDA approval in June 2011 and European CE Mark approval in September 2011) for our Sustain family of value tier devices. The Sustain family models maintain the therapeutic features of previous St. Jude Medical pacemakers, including the AF Suppression algorithm and the Beat-by-Beat AutoCapture Pacing System. This family offers atrial tachycardia and atrial fibrillation arrhythmia diagnostics. These features are designed to help physicians better manage pacemaker patients suffering from atrial fibrillation-the world's most common cardiac arrhythmia. We also offer the Microny II SR+ and Microny K. These small-sized pacemakers are available worldwide. Our current pacing leads include the Optisense Optim, Tendril ST Optim, Tendril STS Optim lead families and the IsoFlex Optim, passive-fixation lead families, all available worldwide. All of these lead families feature steroid elution (to suppress the body's inflammatory response to a foreign object, such as a pacing lead) as well as our exclusive Optim insulation. Our Optisense leads offer an electrode spacing technology that has been clinically proven to significantly reduce far-field over-sensing and inappropriate mode switching. 
 
 Our CRM devices interact with an external device referred to as a programmer. A programmer has two general functions. At the time of implant, the programmer is used to establish the initial therapeutic settings of these devices as determined by the physician. Later, the programmer is used for patient follow-up visits (which usually occur every three to twelve months based on patient need) to download stored diagnostic information from the implanted device for physicians to verify appropriate therapeutic settings. Since the introduction of programmable pacemakers, all CRM device manufacturers, including St. Jude Medical, have retained title to their programmers, which are used by their field sales force or by physicians, nurses or technicians. 
 
 In April 2006, we received FDA approval for the first software module of our Merlin Patient Care System, a universal programmer for St. Jude Medical ICDs and pacemakers. The Merlin Patient Care System features a larger display, built-in full-size printer, touch screen and an advanced user interface designed for efficient and effective in-clinic patient follow-up. This programmer has had several software updates since release to extend capabilities and support new products and markets. In 2008, the programmer was updated to include Japanese and Mandarin Chinese language support. In 2010, we introduced a new Pacing Systems Analyzer (PSA) that integrates into the Merlin programmer to allow for quick and easy testing of the leads during device implant. 
 
 In addition to the programmer, physicians can monitor implanted devices and patient status using the Merlin.net TM Patient Care Network. This system allows daily device and patient monitoring and scheduled remote follow-ups to occur in the patient's home rather than in the physician's office. The Merlin@home line of RF transmitters (FDA approval in July 2008 and European CE Mark approval in September 2008) uses standard analog or DSL telephone lines, cellular networks or Wi-Fi to send device and therapy data stored in devices to an internet site for retrieval and review by the patient's physician. With the Merlin.net TM Patient Care Network, physicians can more thoroughly and efficiently manage their volume of ICD and pacemaker patients by conducting remote follow-up sessions and using alerts of clinically significant events. Additionally, patient flexibility is enhanced by the reduction in the number of office visits required and the ability to have a physician quickly interrogate device data when symptoms warrant. The latest version of this system (v6) received European CE Mark approval in June 2012, and FDA approval in January 2013. This current version will offer critical remote care support for our Ellipse and Assura families of ICDs, as well as the new Lead Assurance Alert TM feature for enhanced clinician convenience and patient safety when monitoring for lead-related issues on high-voltage systems. 
 
 Cardiovascular: Our Cardiovascular division participates in segments of the vascular and structural heart markets. Our vascular products include active vascular closure devices, compression assist devices, pressure measurement guidewires, diagnostic coronary imaging technology, vascular plugs, percutaneous catheter introducers, diagnostic guidewires and a therapy for renal denervation. Our structural heart products include transcatheter aortic heart valves (TAVR), a full line of heart valve repair and replacement products and transcatheter structural heart defect devices. With our acquisition of AGA Medical Holdings, Inc. (AGA Medical) in November 2010, we expanded our structural heart product portfolio with devices for left atrial appendage (LAA) closure, devices for patent foramen ovale (PFO) closure and devices to modify abnormal peripheral vessels with vascular plugs. 
 
 We offer a full portfolio of access and closure devices for interventionalists. Our vascular closure devices are used to close femoral artery puncture sites following percutaneous coronary interventions (PCIs), diagnostic procedures and certain peripheral procedures. Active or passive (manual) compression is utilized to assist in closing artery puncture sites. Our active 
 4 

closure devices include our Angio-Seal product offering. The latest version is the Angio-Seal Evolution , which features automated collagen compaction making it easier for the clinician to ensure immediate arterial hemostasis (cessation of bleeding) and rapid deployment of the device. Prior versions of Angio-Seal , Angio-Seal VIP and Angio-Seal STS Plus continue to generate revenue in our active closure product offering. Since its introduction to the market 15 years ago, more than 18 million Angio-Seal vascular closure devices have been utilized around the world. Our compression assist device offerings include both the RadiStop and FemoStop compression assist devices that arrest bleeding of the radial and femoral arteries, respectively. Compression devices are often used to maintain pressure on the arteriotomy in order to facilitate hemostasis. 
 
 Percutaneous catheter introducers are used to create passageways for cardiovascular catheters from outside the human body through the skin into a vein, artery or other location inside the body. Our percutaneous catheter introducer portfolio consists primarily of peel-away and non peel-away sheaths, sheaths with and without hemostasis valves, dilators, guidewires, repositioning sleeves and needles. These products are offered in a variety of sizes and packaging configurations. Diagnostic guidewires, such as the GuideRight and HydroSteer guidewires, are used in conjunction with percutaneous catheter introducers to aid in the introduction of intravascular catheters. Our diagnostic guidewires are available in multiple lengths and incorporate a surface finish for lasting lubricity. 
 
 In coronary artery disease diagnosis and intervention, an emerging treatment model involves the use of tools for physiologic lesion assessment rather than sole reliance on contrast-enhanced angiography. In this treatment model, blood flow through a stenotic coronary lesion is measured with a special purpose coronary guidewire containing a pressure sensor. Fractional flow reserve (FFR) is an index used to determine the functional severity of narrowings in the coronary arteries as measured by these guidewires. FFR specifically identifies which coronary narrowings are responsible for significantly obstructing the flow of blood to a patient's heart muscle (called ischemia), and is used by the interventional cardiologist to direct coronary interventions (such as a stent procedure) and to assess the results of stent placement for improved treatment outcomes. 
 
 Our PressureWire Aeris and Certus guidewires provide precise measurements of intravascular pressure during a cardiovascular procedure and aids physicians in determining the most beneficial lesions to treat. PressureWire Aeris is a proprietary device that transmits a pressure signal wirelessly and requires no cabling in the cardiac catheterization laboratory. Physicians can remove the device's handle and insert a stent delivery system directly over the PressureWire Aeris, eliminating the time and cost of using an additional, traditional guidewire. 
 
 The landmark trial FAME (FFR vs. Angiography in Multivessel Evaluation), which used our PressureWire guidewires, was published in the January 15, 2009 issue of The New England Journal of Medicine . It demonstrated a statistically significant improvement of 28 percent in Major Adverse Cardiac Events (MACE) such as death, myocardial infarction (heart attack) and repeat revascularization. The randomized, prospective, multi-center trial looked at 1,005 patients with multi-vessel coronary artery disease twelve months after receiving a stent, and compared outcomes for patients whose treatment was guided by FFR to those whose treatment was guided only by angiography. At the October 2009 Transcatheter Cardiovascular Therapeutics (TCT) conference, two-year results from the FAME study were presented which demonstrated continued reductions in mortality, morbidity, stent utilization and procedural cost when PressureWire was employed to guide the physician decision-making process. 
 
 The FAME 2 (FFR-Guided Percutaneous Coronary Intervention plus Medical Therapy vs. Medical Therapy Alone in Patients with Stable Coronary Artery Disease) trial was published in The New England Journal of Medicine in September 2012. The objective of the FAME 2 trial was to study the role of FFR in the treatment of stable coronary artery disease by comparing the clinical outcomes, safety and cost effectiveness of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) guided by FFR plus medical therapy to medical therapy alone. PCI is a non-surgical procedure used to treat narrowed coronary arteries of the heart found in coronary artery disease. In patients with stable coronary artery disease undergoing PressureWire -guided intervention, PCI plus medical therapy was found to significantly improve outcomes compared to medical therapy alone. Patients with one or more significant lesions who received FFR-guided PCI had an 86 relative reduction in the risk for developing acute coronary syndrome requiring unplanned hospital readmission with urgent revascularization. Patients also experienced greater relief of angina (chest pain due to obstruction or spasm of the coronary arteries) and improved quality of life. Additional analysis of FAME 2 data showed that FFR-guided PCI was also cost effective when compared to best-available medical therapy in patients with stable coronary disease. 
 Coronary artery disease is the most common type of heart disease and affects millions of people worldwide. It is caused by a narrowing or blocking of the arteries due to plaque build-up that restricts blood flow and reduces the amount of oxygen being delivered to the heart. In time, reduced blood flow may cause cardiac ischemia (coronary narrowing responsible for significantly obstructing the flow of blood to a patient s heart muscle). A complete blockage can cause a myocardial infarction. 
 
 5 

ILUMIEN PCI Optimization System integrates the functional and anatomical modalities of FFR and Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) into one platform for enhanced diagnostics and cath lab efficiency. OCT coronary imaging technology with the DragonFly intravascular imaging catheter aids physicians in the diagnosis and treatment of coronary artery disease and has approximately 10-times better image resolution and 20-times faster image capture over other imaging modalities such as intravascular ultrasound (IVUS). The combination of both FFR and OCT technology provides physicians with comprehensive lesion assessment information; FFR provides physiological data to help physicians determine which lesions to treat and OCT provides anatomical images to help guide stent selection and deployment as well as provides post-stenting information to ensure the procedure was successful. 
 
 Renal denervation is an emerging growth area for our vascular business. Renal denervation is a catheter-based ablation procedure that may provide lasting reduction in blood pressure for patients with resistant hypertension, or high blood pressure. In a renal denervation procedure, a catheter is introduced through the femoral artery in the leg to access the renal arteries that connect to the kidneys, where RF energy is delivered to create lesions (tiny scars) along the renal sympathetic nerves - a network of nerves that help control blood pressure. This intentional disruption of the nerve supply causes systolic and diastolic blood pressure to decrease. A typical normal blood pressure is below 120 systolic (the first number) and 80 diastolic (the second number) and is expressed as 120 / 80 mmHg. Hypertension, or high blood pressure, is a blood pressure greater than 140 / 90 mmHg. 
 
 We announced CE Mark approval for the EnligHTN Renal Denervation System in May 2012. This renal denervation technology includes an ablation catheter, ablation generator and guiding catheter. The EnligHTN renal denervation ablation catheter is a multi-electrode ablation technology that features a unique, non-occlusive basket design that delivers a predictable pattern of four evenly-spaced transmural lesions with each catheter placement. This approach allows for continuous blood flow to the kidney during the procedure. Compared to single-electrode ablation systems, the multi-electrode EnligHTN system has the potential to improve consistency and minimize procedure time, which may result in improved workflow and cost efficiencies. 
 
 We launched EnligHTN outside of the United States with significant focus in select countries in Europe and in Australia. The EnligHTN I clinical trial's initial 30-day results reported a reduction of 28 mmHg systolic blood pressure and a reduction of 10 mmHg diastolic blood pressure which remained stable with a reduction of 26 mmHg points at 6 months. We will continue to follow-up and report on these patients at 12, 18 and 24 months. Further clinical studies are also underway with EnligHTN II beginning enrollment in early 2013 and plans for a U.S. IDE trial to begin in the second half of 2013. 
 
 Our AMPLATZER Vascular Plugs are expandable, cylindrical devices made from Nitinol wire that reduce, redirect or eliminate blood flow to unwanted blood vessels. During 2012, we received FDA clearance (FDA clearance in June 2012 and European CE Mark approval in July 2009) for AMPLATZER Vascular Plug 4 (AVP 4). The lower-profile AVP 4 extends the reach of the AMPLATZER vascular plug family to smaller and often more distal blood vessels. Our AMPLATZER Vascular Plugs are designed for use in abnormal blood vessels outside the heart, below the neck and above the knee and utilize standard delivery systems commonly used by interventional radiologists and vascular surgeons in these procedures. 
 
 Heart valve replacement or repair may be necessary because the native heart valve has deteriorated due to congenital defects or disease. Our structural heart valve products facilitate blood flow from the chambers of the heart throughout the entire body. 2012 marked the 35 th anniversary of the first St. Jude Medical mechanical heart valve implant. Over the last 35 years St. Jude Medical has implanted more than two million mechanical heart valves. Ongoing innovation led to the Regent mechanical heart valve which received European CE Mark approval in December 1999 and FDA approval in March 2002. 
 
 With the acquisition of Biocor Industries, Inc. in 1996, St. Jude Medical strengthened its position in the tissue heart valve market. We currently market both the Epic and Biocor porcine stented tissue heart valves. In March 2010, we received European CE Mark approval for the Trifecta tissue heart valve, marking our expansion into the pericardial aortic stented tissue valve market. FDA approval for the Trifecta tissue valve followed in April 2011 and was launched in Japan in April 2012. This next-generation tissue valve has a tri-leaflet stented pericardial design which offers hemodynamic performance (the optimization of blood flow through the valve) that mimics as closely as possible the flow of a natural, healthy heart valve. The Trifecta valve also features our patented Linx AC technology, an anticalcification treatment designed to increase the valve's durability by reducing tissue mineralization (hardening) which is one of the primary causes of valve deterioration. 
 
 We also offer a full complement of heart valve repair products, including two fully flexible and two semi-rigid rings: the Tailor flexible ring and the Attune flexible adjustable annuloplasty ring, the SJM S guin Semi-Rigid Ring and the SJM Rigid Saddle Ring. Annuloplasty rings are prosthetic devices used to repair diseased or damaged mitral and tricuspid heart valves. 
 
 6 

Building upon our experience in the surgical heart valve market, St. Jude Medical developed the Portico transcatheter aortic valve for a minimally invasive alternative to open heart surgery. Our transcatheter heart valve is designed to increase physician control and accuracy during valve deployment. The Portico transcatheter 23 mm aortic valve and the transfemoral delivery system received European CE Mark approval in November 2012. We are in the process of planning a U.S. IDE trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the Portico transcatheter aortic valve and delivery systems for patients with symptomatic severe aortic stenosis and who are considered at high or extreme risk for open-heart surgery. 
 
 Through the acquisition of AGA Medical in 2010, we extended our structural heart portfolio to the transcatheter treatment of structural heart defects. We offer a full line of products for the treatment of the two common categories of heart defects (1) congenital defects consisting primarily of holes in the septum between the right and left sides of the heart and (2) device closure that may reduce the risk of ischemic stroke in patients with atrial fibrillation and in patients with PFO. 
 
 Our congenital defect products include the AMPLATZER Septal Occluder for closure of atrial septal defects (FDA approval in 2001 and European CE Mark approval in 1998), the AMPLATZER Muscular VSD Occluder for closure of muscular ventricular septal defects (FDA approval in 2007 and European CE Mark approval in 1998), and the AMPLATZER Duct Occluder for closure of patent ductus arteriosus (FDA approval in 2003 and European CE Mark approval in 1998). These devices are introduced via a small catheter that is inserted into the groin and advanced to the heart. Upon optimal placement, the device is deployed and the patient is typically monitored overnight, returning home the next day. Transcatheter closure offers pediatric and adult patients a minimally invasive alternative to surgery. 
 
 St. Jude Medical remains committed to the field of stroke reduction and is investing in both PFO and LAA closure to support the development of clinical evidence in these fields. According to the World Health Organization, an estimated 15 million strokes occur worldwide each year. In 2010, strokes cost the U.S. an estimated 34 billion in health care services, medications and missed days of work. Approximately 83 percent of all strokes are ischemic, which occur when blood clots block the blood vessels to the brain. Approximately 30 percent of ischemic strokes are classified as cryptogenic (a stroke of unknown cause) and a PFO is present in approximately 45 of this population. The Amplatzer PFO occluder received European CE Mark approval in 1998 for PFO closure in patients with a PFO and history of cryptogenic stroke or transient ischemic attacks (TIAs). The Randomized Evaluation of Recurrent Stroke Comparing PFO Closure to Established Current Standard of Care Treatment (RESPECT) trial was initiated in the United States in 2003 to study the indication for PFO with a history of cryptogenic stroke. 
 
 The results of the RESPECT trial were presented at the October 2012 TCT conference. The RESPECT trial was a prospective, randomized (1:1) event-driven study and enrolled 980 patients at 69 centers across the U.S. and Canada. The trial compared PFO closure with the Amplatzer PFO occluder to standard of care medical therapy. Stroke risk reduction with the Amplatzer PFO occluder was observed across the totality of protocol-specified analyses with rates ranging from 46.6 percent to 72.7 percent. 
 
 The AMPLATZER Cardiac Plug (European CE Mark clearance in 2008) provides an alternative therapy for reducing the risk of stroke in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF). Atrial fibrillation is responsible for 15 to 20 percent of all ischemic strokes and studies report that up to 90 percent of the clots that form in patients with AF originate in the left atrial appendage. The AMPLATZER Cardiac Plug device is intended to provide a complete seal of the left atrial appendage at the orifice of the LAA. 
 
 Atrial Fibrillation : AF is a condition in which the upper chambers of the heart (atria) beat rapidly and erratically, affecting the heart's ability to adequately pump blood to its lower chambers (ventricles) and subsequently to the rest of the body. Some of the complications caused by AF are increased risk of death or stroke, increased severity of stroke, increased hospitalizations, and reduced quality of life due to palpitations and other AF-related symptoms. AF can have an impact on the heart as early as a few weeks after onset, causing cycles of remodeling, dysfunction and additional triggers which help progress the disease. These cycles both maintain and perpetuate AF from the state of initial induction, to paroxysmal (AF that begins suddenly and ends spontaneously) to persistent (recurring episodes lasting more than seven days) to longstanding-persistent (ongoing and long term). Atrial fibrillation and other irregular heart rhythms such as atrial flutter and Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome are often managed with medications that palliate the symptoms of the irregular heartbeat. We are committed to developing device-based ablation therapies for these conditions that offer the potential for a cure. 
 
 We provide a complete system of access, diagnostic, visualization and ablation products that assist physicians in diagnosing and treating various irregular heart rhythms. Our products are primarily designed to be used in the electrophysiology (EP) lab. 
 Our access products enable clinicians to facilitate the percutaneous delivery of diagnostic and ablation catheters to areas of the heart where arrhythmias occur. These products include our Swartz and Swartz Braided Transseptal fixed-curve introducers which are designed to guide catheters to precise locations in the right and left atria; our Agilis NxT Steerable Introducer (FDA approval in July 2006) which enables increased access and stability of catheters in the heart; and our Agilis EPI 
 7 

Steerable Introducer (FDA approval in April 2009) which is designed to facilitate catheter delivery epicardially (outside the chambers of the heart). 
 
 Our ultrasound product line consists of the ViewMate Z Intracardiac Ultrasound System and ViewFlex family of catheters. In June 2012, we introduced the ViewFlex Xtra 4-way Intracardiac Echocardiography (ICE) catheter that features 4-way steering capabilities in the U.S., and we received European CE Mark approval in December 2012. 
 
 For diagnosing arrhythmias percutaneously, we offer a portfolio of fixed-curve and steerable catheters. Our Response , Supreme and Inquiry fixed curve catheters gather electrical information from the heart to help determine the cause of an arrhythmia and/or the location of its source. Our steerable product lines include Livewire and Inquiry catheters which allow clinicians to move the catheter tip in precise movements to diagnose the more anatomically challenging areas within the heart. Our Reflexion Spiral (FDA approval in October 2006) and Inquiry Optima PLUS (FDA approval in March 2006) circular mapping catheters enable the physician to check for electrical isolation of the pulmonary vein openings during an AF ablation procedure. The Reflexion HD (FDA approval in January 2009) and Inquiry AFocus II (FDA approval in August 2010) catheters are high-density, circular mapping catheters that are designed to leverage the mapping capabilities of the EnSite Velocity System to create accurate high-density heart chamber models and detailed electrical maps. 
 
 Our EnSite Velocity System, introduced in 2009, is a mapping and navigation system that, when used in conjunction with the EnSite Array non-contact mapping catheter or EnSite NavX navigation and visualization technology, creates three-dimensional cardiac models, allows for intracardiac diagnostic and ablation catheters to be located and navigated non-fluoroscopically within those models and allows electrical activity to be displayed in a color-coded fashion. The EnSite Velocity System also includes various modules and tools to assist the physician with their EP procedure. The OneModel Tool facilitates the creation of detailed chamber models more quickly and accurately, the OneMap Tool allows electrical information to be collected and displayed with more efficiency and the RealReview function allows the user to view live and pre-recorded cardiac models and electrical maps simultaneously. Our EnSite Derexi module facilitates the exchange of information between the EnSite Velocity System and the EP-WorkMate recording system, to help improve efficiency and procedural workflow. Our EnSite Courier module can import and export datasets to and from the hospital's Picture Archiving and Storage (PACS) network. 
 
 We offer multiple ablation catheter configurations which focus on disabling abnormal tissue that causes or perpetuates arrhythmias. Our standard non-irrigated tip ablation catheters include our Livewire TC Ablation Catheters uni- and bi-directional models that offer stability and excellent contact with cardiac tissue. Our Safire (4mm and 5mm) and Safire TX (8mm) bi-directional ablation catheter product line offers a comprehensive range of catheter tip sizes (4mm and 5mm catheter tips, FDA approval in August 2006, and 8mm catheter tip, FDA approval in October 2007) and curve configurations and is built on our ComfortGrip handle platform that is designed for physician comfort and control during EP procedures. Our Therapy 4mm and 8mm tip standard catheter lines provide a range of curve options and temperature control. When used with our IBI-1500 series Cardiac Ablation Generators, power can be effectively managed for the creation of ablation lines. 
 
 In addition to the standard non-irrigated tip ablation catheters, we also offer various open-irrigated ablation catheters which feature holes at the tip of the catheter to allow infused saline to circulate around the tip during therapy delivery. This irrigation allows the tip to be cooled and lessens the potential for char or thrombus (blood clot) to form during ablation. The Therapy Cool Path Duo (European CE Mark approval in October 2007) and the Safire BLU Duo (FDA approval in January 2012) are both irrigated tip ablation catheters that feature 12 infusion ports that allow for more uniform cooling of the ablation tip. The Therapy Cool Flex irrigated ablation catheter (European CE Mark approval in June 2010) is a fully-irrigated, flexible tip ablation catheter that features a laser cut tip allowing it to bend and conform to the cardiac anatomy and provides for fluid to be infused around the entire catheter tip electrode. In addition, we offer our EnSite Contact Technology (European CE Mark approval in June 2010) which is a diagnostic system consisting of ablation catheters, a hardware module and software that measures, analyzes and displays electrical coupling to determine the level of contact the ablation catheter tip has with endocardial tissue during cardiac ablation therapy procedures. Information regarding the catheter tip to tissue contact is displayed on the EnSite Velocity System screen. 
 
 Interventional EP procedures, including catheter ablations and CRT procedures, expose operators, staff and patients to the significant risks of fluoroscopy. Our MediGuide Technology, which is in the early phases of commercial release, is a platform to facilitate reductions to fluoroscopy exposure while also increasing procedural efficiencies. The MediGuide Technology consists of a hardware system which is integrated with the EP lab fluoroscopy system. Other products offered by our Company will also integrate with the MediGuide Technology, including MediGuide sensor enabled diagnostic and irrigated ablation catheters, the EnSite Velocity system and certain CRT delivery tools. We will continue to expand our MediGuide Technology platform as additional integrated products are developed and approved. Early clinical work has 
 8 

demonstrated that the MediGuide Technology can effectively reduce radiation exposure during EP lab procedures for physicians, patients, and staff. 
 
 Our EP-WorkMate recording system is used to monitor electrical activity of the heart via intracardiac catheters and features our new ClearWave technology for high fidelity signals and an integrated stimulator-our EP 4 Cardiac Stimulator. 
 
 We also offer the VantageView System which is a very high resolution 56 monitor that allows the display of 8 video inputs. The VantageView System will accommodate a variety of video input signals and then display images that can be resized and relocated with high resolution. The VantageView System is easily programmed with a touch screen and can be customized to meet the needs of the physician and/or procedure. 
 
 We offer our Confirm implantable cardiac monitor device (FDA approval and European CE Mark approval in September 2008). This small implantable device is designed to help physicians monitor for abnormal cardiac rhythms. 
 
 Neuromodulation : All of our neuromodulation product offerings provide neurostimulation treatment in which an implantable device delivers electrical current directly to targeted nerve sites. Our commercialized neurostimulation therapies include spinal cord stimulation (SCS) for the treatment of chronic pain, deep brain stimulation (DBS) for treating the symptoms of Parkinson's disease and peripheral nerve stimulation (PNS) for the treatment of chronic migraine headache. A neurostimulation system typically consists of four components: a pulse generator that produces the electrical current and is implanted under the patient's skin; implanted leads that carry the electrical impulses to the targeted nerve sites; an external patient remote control that enables the patient to control his or her therapy within prescribed ranges; and an external clinician programmer that is used to program the implant with individualized therapy for the patient. 
 
 Neurostimulation for the treatment of chronic pain involves delivering low-level electrical impulses via an implanted device (sometimes referred to as a pacemaker for pain directly to the spinal cord or peripheral nerves. This stimulation interferes with the transmission of pain signals to the brain and inhibits or blocks the sensation of pain felt by the patient. The patient's sensation of pain is replaced with a sensation called paresthesia, which is often described as a tingling or massaging sensation. Neurostimulation for chronic pain is generally used to manage sharp, intense and constant pain arising from nerve damage or nervous system disorders referred to as neuropathic pain. Clinical results demonstrate that many patients who are implanted with a neurostimulation system for chronic pain experience a substantial reduction in pain, an increase in activity level, a reduction in use of narcotics and a reduction in hospitalization. 
 
 We offer a wide array of neurostimulation systems for chronic pain including rechargeable and primary cell implantable pulse generators (IPGs). We currently market two SCS neurostimulation product platforms worldwide: the Eon IPG family, which includes rechargeable and primary cell battery models, and the Genesis primary cell IPG systems. 
 
 The Eon family of IPGs includes the Eon , Eon Mini and EonC IPG. The Eon rechargeable IPG (FDA approval in 2005 and European CE Mark approval in 2006) is a 16-contact IPG with a high capacity battery. It offers a broad range of options to help the clinician maximize success in managing chronic pain. The Eon IPG provides enhanced longevity between recharges, allowing patients added flexibility in their recharging schedule. It is FDA approved to operate at least 24 hours between recharges after 10 years of use at high settings. 
 
 The Eon Mini rechargeable IPG (FDA approval and European CE Mark approval in 2008) is a smaller 16-contact IPG on the market enabling alternative placement options, which helps clinicians treat a variety of patients. Like the Eon IPG, it is FDA approved to operate at least 24 hours between recharges after 10 years of use at high settings - a long battery life for its small size. The Eon Mini IPG is well-suited for patients with smaller body mass and low to high power requirements. 
 
 The Eon C primary cell IPG (FDA approval and European CE Mark approval in 2008) features a large-capacity battery and constant current pulse delivery for consistent, low-maintenance therapy. It is well-suited for patients with low to medium power requirements and those who prefer the simplicity of a non-rechargeable IPG. 
 
 The Genesis IPG (FDA approval 2001 and European CE Mark approval in 2000) offers a high battery capacity-to-size ratio and flexibility in addressing diverse pain patterns. Primary cell IPGs, such as Genesis , are well-suited for patients with relatively simple pain or modest power requirements and for patients who would have difficulty managing a rechargeable system. 
 
 Each of our SCS systems works with a corresponding patient remote control. The remote control allows patients to control their pain by adjusting therapy intensity and therapy location with simple adjustments. The controllers work by placing a small antenna over the IPG site to adjust the patient's prescribed stimulation parameters. 
 9 

In combination with our wide array of implanted pulse generators, we market a broad variety of leads which are intended to give clinicians the flexibility to meet a broad range of patient needs. Our leads can be divided into three categories: percutaneous leads, paddle leads and perc-paddle leads. Our percutaneous leads consist of the 8-contact Octrode and 4-contact Quattrode lead designs. Our paddle lead offering consists of the Lamitrode family of leads. This family includes single and dual column paddle leads that provide up to two vertebral segments of coverage; Tripole leads, which feature a three-column electrode array and are designed to focus stimulation more precisely for enhanced targeting of low back pain; C-Series leads, shaped to mimic the curve of the epidural space of the spine and designed to facilitate lead placement and reduce lead migration; and the Penta lead, a five column lead, that is designed to provide enhanced stimulation control and specificity for focused stimulation therapy. Perc-paddle leads are a category of leads originated by St. Jude Medical with the advent of the Epiducer lead delivery system (European launch in 2010 and FDA approval 2011). The Epiducer system allows the percutaneous introduction of our small profile S-Series paddle leads and/or multiple leads through a single needle stick. S-Series leads are designed to have the focused stimulation and stability of a paddle lead yet, with the Epiducer lead delivery system, can now be introduced via a minimally invasive percutaneous procedure like a percutaneous lead. 
 
 Our SCS systems are programmed with our Rapid Programmer platform. This system enables clinicians to efficiently test patients intra-operatively and program patients post-operatively. The Rapid Programmer platform consists of a palm-sized programmer that features a touch screen interface enabling clinicians to create multiple programs tailored for each patient's pain pattern. Using the foundation of our Dynamic MultiStim technology for real time adjustments of multiple pain areas simultaneously, we simplified the programming of complex multi-focal pain by introducing MultiSteering technology-an optimized current steering algorithm designed for more thorough and efficient programming sessions. 
 
 In addition to SCS to treat chronic pain, neuromodulation can be used to treat other neurological conditions. DBS involves the placement of a lead or leads in targeted areas of the brain. In 2009, we entered the DBS market in Europe with our Libra and LibraXP DBS systems for treating the symptoms of Parkinson's disease, a neurological disorder that progressively diminishes a person's control over movement. The Brio IPG (European CE Mark approval in 2009), a small, long lasting rechargeable DBS device, the Guardian burr hole cap and the Athena clinician programmer further enhance our DBS offering in the European market. Our DBS systems are also marketed in Australia and certain Latin American countries. 
 
 In late 2011, we initiated a limited launch in Europe of the Genesis neurostimulation system for PNS of the occipital nerves for the management of the pain and disability associated with intractable chronic migraine. PNS therapy for this condition involves the delivery of mild electrical pulses to the occipital nerves that are located just beneath the skin at the back of the head. A small electrical lead or leads are placed under the skin and connected to the neurostimulator which produces the pulses of stimulation. In 2012, we expanded our PNS therapy for our chronic migraine headache portfolio to include the Eon family of neurostimulation systems. 
 Competition 
 The medical device market is intensely competitive and characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change. In addition, competitors have historically employed litigation to gain a competitive advantage. Our competitors range from small start-up companies to larger companies that have significantly greater resources and broader product offerings. We anticipate that in the coming years, other large companies will enter certain markets in which we currently hold a strong position. We expect competition will continue to intensify with the increased use of strategies such as consigned inventory and reduced pricing. 
 Our customers consider many factors when choosing suppliers, including product reliability, clinical outcomes, product availability, inventory consignment, price and product services provided by the manufacturer. As a result, market share can shift due to technological innovation, innovations in service models and offerings, product field actions and safety alerts as well as from other business factors. 
 We are one of the three principal manufacturers and suppliers in the global CRM market. Our primary competitors in this market are Medtronic, Inc. (Medtronic) and Boston Scientific Corporation (Boston Scientific). These two competitors have invested substantial amounts in CRM research and development (R D) in a highly competitive market where rapid technological change is expected to continue, requiring us to invest heavily in R D and effectively market our products. 
 The cardiovascular market is also highly competitive with numerous competitors. The majority of our sales are generated from our vascular products which include vascular closure devices, PCI optimization devices and peripheral embolization devices. We continue to hold the number one market position in the vascular closure device market; however, the market for vascular closure devices is highly competitive and there are several companies that manufacture and market these products worldwide. Our primary vascular closure device competitors are Abbott Laboratories, Cordis, a division of Johnson Johnson, Inc (J J), 
 10 

and AccessClosure, Inc. Additionally, we anticipate other companies will enter this market in the coming years, which will increase competition. The key competitors in the PCI optimization market (FFR and intravascular imaging) include Volcano Corporation, Boston Scientific and Terumo Cardiovascular Systems Corporation. Our primary competitors in the peripheral embolization market include Boston Scientific and Cook Medical, Inc. Our structural heart products include heart valve replacement and repair products and other structural heart defect devices. We are the world s leading manufacturer and supplier in the mechanical heart valve market. Our principal competitors in the mechanical heart valve market are Sorin CarboMedics MV, Medtronic and several smaller manufacturers. In the tissue heart valve market, we compete against two principal tissue heart valve manufacturers Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (Edwards Lifesciences) and Medtronic as well as many other smaller manufacturers. Cardiac surgery therapies continue to shift from mechanical heart valves to tissue heart valves and repair products. Other competitors such as Edwards Lifesciences and Medtronic manufacture transcatheter heart valves that are marketed to patients who may be too frail for traditional heart valve surgery. The structural heart defect market has relatively few large competitors and high barriers to entry due to the intellectual property and clinical and regulatory processes required for product approval. Our primary competitors in the structural heart defect market include W.L. Gore Associates and Boston Scientific. 
 The atrial fibrillation therapy area is broadening to include multiple therapy methods and treatments which include drugs, percutaneous delivery of diagnostic and ablation catheters, external electrical cardioversion and defibrillation, implantable defibrillators and open-heart surgery. As a result, we have numerous competitors in the emerging atrial fibrillation market. Larger competitors, such as Medtronic, have started to extend their presence in the atrial fibrillation market through acquisitions or by leveraging their cardiac rhythm management capabilities. Our primary competitors include Biosense Webster, a division of J J, C.R. Bard, Inc. and Boston Scientific. 
 The neuromodulation market is one of medical technology s fastest growing segments. We are one of three principal manufacturers of neurostimulation devices. Competitive pressures will increase in the future as our primary competitors, Medtronic and Boston Scientific, attempt to secure and grow their positions in the neuromodulation market. Although we also compete against smaller competitors like publicly held Cyberonics, Inc. and privately held Nevro Corporation, barriers to entry for new competitors are high in the U.S. market due to a long and expensive product development and regulatory approval process as well as the intellectual property and patent positions existing in the market. However, other larger medical device companies may be able to enter the neuromodulation market by leveraging their existing medical device capabilities, thereby decreasing the time and resources required to enter the market. 
 Patents, Licenses and Trademarks 
 Our policy is to protect our intellectual property rights related to our medical devices. Where appropriate, we apply for U.S. and foreign patents. We own or hold licenses to numerous U.S. and foreign patents. U.S. patents are typically granted for a term of twenty years from the date a patent application is filed. The actual protection afforded by a foreign patent, which can vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage and the availability of legal remedies in the country. In those instances where we have acquired technology from third parties, we have sought to obtain rights of ownership to the technology through the acquisition of underlying patents or licenses. 
 We also have obtained certain trademarks and tradenames for our products to distinguish our products from our competitors products. U.S. trademark registrations are for a term of ten years and are renewable every ten years as long as the trademarks are used in the regular course of trade. We register our trademarks in the U.S. and in a number of countries where we do business. 
 While we believe design, development, regulatory and marketing aspects of the medical device business represent the principal barriers to entry, we also recognize that our patents and license rights may make it more difficult for competitors to market products similar to those we produce. We can give no assurance that any of our patent rights, whether issued, subject to license or in process, will not be circumvented or invalidated. Furthermore, there are numerous existing and pending patents on medical products and biomaterials. There can be no assurance that our existing or planned products do not or will not infringe such rights or that others will not claim such infringement. No assurance can be given that we will be able to prevent competitors from challenging our patents or entering markets we currently serve. 
 11 

Research and Development 
 We are focused on the development of new products and on improvements to existing products. R D expense reflects the cost of these activities, as well as the costs to obtain regulatory approvals of certain new products and processes and to maintain the highest quality standards with respect to our existing products. Our R D expenses were 676 million (12.3 of net sales) in 2012, 705 million (12.6 of net sales) in 2011 and 631 million (12.2 of net sales) in 2010. Our R D expense as a percent of net sales remains consistent over the last few years, reflecting our continued commitment to fund future long-term growth opportunities. We also recognized 4 million and 12 million of purchased in-process research and development (IPR D) expense in 2011 and 2010, respectively, in connection with the purchase of certain intellectual property assets. No IPR D expense was recognized in 2012 related to the purchase of certain intellectual property assets. 
 Acquisitions 
 In addition to generating growth internally through our own R D activities, we also make strategic acquisitions and investments to access new technologies and therapy areas. We expect to continue to make acquisitions and investments in future periods to strengthen our business. 
 On November 18, 2010, we completed our acquisition of AGA Medical acquiring all of its outstanding shares for 20.80 per share in a cash and stock transaction valued at 1.1 billion (which consisted of 549 million in net cash consideration and 13.6 million shares of St. Jude Medical common stock). The transaction was consummated through an exchange offer followed by a merger. AGA Medical, based in Plymouth, Minnesota, had been publicly traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Stock Market under the ticker symbol AGAM. The AGA Medical acquisition expanded our cardiovascular product portfolio and future product pipeline to treat structural heart defects and vascular abnormalities through minimally invasive transcatheter treatments. 
 On July 6, 2010, we completed our acquisition of LightLab Imaging, Inc. (LightLab Imaging) for 93 million in net cash consideration. LightLab Imaging was based in Westford, Massachusetts and developed, manufactured and marketed OCT for coronary imaging applications. The LightLab Imaging acquisition expanded our cardiovascular product portfolio and complements the FFR technology acquired as part of our Radi Medical Systems A.B. (Radi Medical Systems) acquisition in December 2008. 
 Minority Investment 
 During 2010, we made an equity investment of 60 million in CardioMEMS, Inc. (CardioMEMS), a privately held company that is focused on the development of a wireless monitoring technology that can be placed directly into the pulmonary artery to assess cardiac performance via measurement of pulmonary artery pressure. The investment agreement resulted in a 19 ownership interest and provided us with the exclusive right, but not the obligation, to acquire CardioMEMS for an additional payment of 375 million during the period that extends through the completion of certain regulatory milestones. 
 Marketing and Distribution 
 Our products are sold in more than 100 countries throughout the world. No distributor organization or single customer accounted for more than 10 of our 2012, 2011 or 2010 consolidated net sales. 
 In the United States, we sell directly to healthcare providers primarily through a direct sales force. In Europe, we have direct sales organizations selling in 25 countries. In Japan, we sell directly to healthcare providers through a direct sales force and we also continue to use longstanding independent distributor relationships. In Asia Pacific, we have direct sales organizations selling in eight countries, and we also utilize independent distributors. Throughout the rest of the world, we use a combination of independent distributors and direct sales forces. 
 Group purchasing organizations (GPO), independent delivery networks (IDN) and large single accounts such as the Veterans Administration in the United States continue to consolidate purchasing decisions for some of our healthcare provider customers. We have contracts in place with many of these organizations. In some circumstances, our inability to obtain a contract with a GPO or IDN could adversely affect our efforts to sell products to a particular healthcare provider. 
 International Operations 
 Our net sales and long-lived assets by significant geographic areas are presented in Note 14 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Financial Report included in St. Jude Medical s 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders and filed as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K. 
 Our international business is subject to special risks such as: foreign currency exchange controls and fluctuations; the imposition of or increase in import or export duties, surtaxes, tariffs or customs duties; the imposition of import or export 
 12 

quotas or other trade restrictions; foreign tax laws and increased costs associated with overlapping tax structures; longer accounts receivable cycles; and other international regulatory, economic, legal and political problems. Such risks are further described in Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. Currency exchange rate fluctuations relative to the U.S. Dollar can affect our reported consolidated results of operations and financial position. See the Market Risk section of our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Financial Report included in our 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders and filed as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K. 
 Seasonality 
 Our quarterly net sales are influenced by many factors, including new product introductions, acquisitions, regulatory approvals, patient and physician holiday schedules and other factors. Net sales in the third quarter are typically lower than other quarters of the year as a result of patient tendencies to defer, if possible, procedures during the summer months and from the seasonality of the U.S. and European markets, where summer vacation schedules normally result in fewer procedures. 
 Suppliers 
 We purchase raw materials and other products from numerous suppliers. Our manufacturing requirements comply with the rules and regulations of the FDA and comparable agencies in foreign countries, which mandate validation of materials prior to use in our products. We purchase certain supplies used in our manufacturing processes from single sources due to quality considerations, costs or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. Agreements with certain suppliers are terminable by either party upon short notice and we have been advised periodically by some suppliers that, in an effort to reduce their potential product liability exposure, they may terminate sales of products to customers that manufacture implantable medical devices. While some of these suppliers have modified their positions and have indicated a willingness to continue to provide a product temporarily until an alternative vendor or product can be qualified (or even to reconsider the supply relationship), where a particular single-source supply relationship is terminated, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement suppliers for certain components or materials quickly. A reduction or interruption by a sole-source supplier of the supply of materials or key components used in the manufacturing of our products or an increase in the price of those materials or components could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Government Regulation 
 Our products, development activities and manufacturing processes are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by the FDA pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA), by comparable agencies in foreign countries and by other regulatory agencies and governing bodies. Under the FDCA and associated regulations, manufacturers of medical devices must comply with certain regulations that cover the composition, labeling, testing, clinical study, manufacturing, packaging, marketing and distribution of medical devices. Medical devices must receive FDA clearance or approval before they can be commercially marketed in the United States. The most comprehensive level of approval requires the completion of an FDA-approved clinical evaluation program and submission and approval of a pre-market approval (PMA) application before a device may be commercially marketed. Our vascular closure devices, mechanical and tissue heart valves, ICDs, pacemakers and certain leads, neurostimulation devices and EP catheter applications require a PMA application or supplement to a PMA. Other leads and lead delivery tools, annuloplasty ring products, other neurostimulation devices and other EP and cardiology products are currently marketed under the less rigorous 510(k) pre-market notification procedure of the FDCA. 
 Furthermore, our international business is subject to medical device laws in individual countries outside the United States. Most major markets for medical devices outside the United States require clearance, approval or compliance with certain standards before a product can be commercially marketed. The applicable laws range from extensive device approval requirements in some countries for all or some of our products, to requests for data or certifications in other countries. Generally, international regulatory requirements are increasing. In the European Union, the regulatory systems have been consolidated, and approval to market in all European Union countries (represented by the CE Mark) can be obtained through one agency. The process of obtaining marketing clearance from the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies for new products or with respect to enhancements or modifications to existing products can take a significant period of time, require the expenditure of substantial resources, involve rigorous pre-clinical and clinical testing, require changes to the products and result in limitations on the indicated uses of the products. 
 The FDA conducts inspections prior to approval of a PMA application to determine compliance with the quality system regulations that cover manufacturing and design. In addition, the FDA may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the effects of approved products that have been commercialized, and may prevent or limit further marketing of products based on the results of these post-marketing programs. At any time after approval of a product, the FDA may conduct periodic inspections to determine compliance with both the FDA s Quality System Regulation (QSR) requirements and/or current medical device reporting regulations. Product approvals by the FDA can be withdrawn due to failure to comply with regulatory standards or the occurrence of unforeseen problems following initial approval. The failure to comply with regulatory 
 13 

standards or the discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or manufacturer could result in fines, delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances, seizures or recalls of products (with the attendant expenses), the banning of a particular device, an order to replace or refund the cost of any device previously manufactured or distributed, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution, as well as decreased sales as a result of negative publicity and product liability claims. 
 We are required to register with the FDA as a device manufacturer and, as a result, we are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with the FDA s QSR requirements, which require manufacturers of medical devices to adhere to certain regulations, including testing, quality control and documentation procedures. In addition, the federal Medical Device Reporting regulations require us to provide information to the FDA whenever there is evidence that reasonably suggests that a device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or, if a malfunction were to occur, could cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is rigorously monitored through periodic inspections by the FDA. In the European Community, we are required to maintain certain International Organization for Standardization (ISO) certifications in order to sell products, and we undergo periodic inspections by notified bodies to obtain and maintain these certifications. 
 The FDA also regulates recordkeeping for medical devices and reviews hospitals' and manufacturers required reports of adverse experiences to identify potential problems with FDA-authorized devices. Regulatory actions may be taken by the FDA due to adverse experience reports. 
 In addition, the FDCA permits device manufacturers to promote products solely for the uses and indications set forth in the approved product labeling. A number of enforcement actions have been taken against manufacturers that promote products for off-label uses. The failure to comply with off-label promotion restrictions can result in significant financial penalties and a required corporate integrity agreement with the federal government imposing significant administrative obligations and costs. 
 Diagnostic-related group (DRG) and Ambulatory Patient Classification (APC) reimbursement schedules dictate the amount that the U.S. government, through the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), will reimburse hospitals for care of persons covered by Medicare. In response to rising Medicare and Medicaid costs, from time to time Congress and state legislatures consider legislation that would restrict funding for these programs. Changes in current DRG and APC reimbursement levels could have an adverse effect on market demand and our domestic pricing flexibility. In the United States, Medicare payment to providers is based on prospectively set rates. CMS, which administers the Medicare programs, uses separate Prospective Payment Systems for reimbursement to acute inpatient hospitals, hospital outpatient departments and ambulatory surgery centers. In response to rising Medicare costs, federal healthcare reform legislation enacted in 2010 has mandated reductions in reimbursement to hospitals and ASCs, including a cut in the annual inflation increase in reimbursement rates. From time to time Congress considers proposals that would further reduce the federal payments to hospitals and other providers. Reduced funding to the Medicare and other federal and state healthcare programs could have an adverse effect on market demand and our domestic pricing flexibility. 
 More generally, major third-party payors for hospital services in the United States and abroad continue to work to contain healthcare costs. The introduction of cost containment incentives, combined with closer scrutiny of healthcare expenditures by both private health insurers and employers, has resulted in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to hospital charges for services performed and in the shifting of services between inpatient and outpatient settings. From time to time, initiatives to limit the growth of healthcare costs, including price regulation, are underway in several countries in which we do business. Implementation of healthcare reforms in the United States and in significant overseas markets may limit the price of or the level at which reimbursement is provided for our products. 
 In the United States, the federal anti-kickback law prohibits an entity such as St. Jude Medical from knowingly and willfully offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce any other person or entity (such as a hospital, physician, or other purchasers of medical products) to purchase, prescribe, arrange for or recommend products such as ours that are covered by federal healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. Many states and foreign countries have similar laws. We operate consistent with the AdvaMed Code of Ethics on Interactions with Health Care Professionals (AdvaMed is a U.S. medical device industry trade association) which provides guidance on marketing and other practices in our relationships with heathcare professionals and/or product purchasers. We also adhere to many similar codes in countries outside the United States. In addition, we have in place and are continuously improving our internal business integrity and compliance program and policies. Failure to comply with the federal anti-kickback law or similar state or foreign law could result in criminal or civil penalties. 
 On February 8, 2013, CMS finalized regulations to implement the Physician Payment Sunshine Act enacted as part of the U.S. healthcare reform legislation. This rule will require us to report annually to CMS beginning in 2014 all payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals for certain products payable under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children's Health Insurance Program, as well as certain ownership or investments held by physicians or their family members. These annual reports will be publicly available. 
 14 

Federal and state laws protect the confidentiality of certain patient health information, including patient records, and restrict the use and disclosure of such information. In particular, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued patient privacy, security and breach notification standards for protected health information under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH) and their implementing regulations (collectively "HIPAA Standards"). These HIPAA Standards govern the use and disclosure of protected health information by covered entities, which are healthcare providers that submit electronic claims, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses as well as their "business associates" and their subcontractors. Our employee health benefit plans are considered covered entities and therefore are subject and adhere to the HIPAA Standards. Additionally, our Merlin.net Patient Care Network system may be a business associate and in this capacity adheres to the HIPAA Standards. Failure to comply with HIPAA Standards or any state or foreign laws regarding personal data protection may result in significant fines or penalties and/or negative publicity. 
 Some medical device regulatory agencies have considered and are considering whether to continue to permit the sale of medical devices that incorporate any bovine material because of concerns about Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy (BSE), sometimes referred to as mad cow disease, a disease which has sometimes been transmitted to humans through the consumption of beef. We are not aware of any reported cases of transmission of BSE through medical products. Some of our products such as Angio-Seal use bovine collagen. In addition, some of the tissue heart valves we market incorporate bovine pericardial material. We are cooperating with the regulatory agencies regarding these issues. 
 Product Liability 
 The design, manufacture and marketing of our medical devices entail an inherent risk of product liability claims. Our products are often used in intensive care settings with seriously ill patients, and many of the medical devices we manufacture and sell are designed to be implanted in the human body for long periods of time or indefinitely. There are a number of factors that could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, a patient with respect to these or other products which we manufacture or sell, including component failures, manufacturing flaws, design defects or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information. Product liability claims may be brought by individuals or by groups seeking to represent a class. We are currently the subject of product liability litigation proceedings and other proceedings described in more detail in Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Financial Report included in our 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders and filed as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K. 
 Insurance 
 Consistent with industry practice, we do not currently maintain or intend to maintain any insurance policies with respect to product liability in the future. We believe that our self-insurance program, which is based on historical loss trends, will be adequate to cover future losses, although we can provide no assurances that this will remain true as historical trends may not be indicative of future losses. These losses could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated earnings, financial condition or cash flows. 
 Our facilities could be materially damaged by earthquakes, hurricanes and other natural disasters or catastrophic circumstances. Earthquake insurance is currently difficult to obtain, extremely costly, and restrictive with respect to scope of coverage. Our earthquake insurance for our significant facilities located in Sylmar and Sunnyvale, California; Puerto Rico and Costa Rica, provides 10 million of insurance coverage in the aggregate, with a deductible equal to 5 of the total value of the facility and contents involved in the claim. Consequently, despite this insurance coverage, we could incur uninsured losses and liabilities arising from an earthquake near our California, Puerto Rico or Costa Rica facilities as a result of various factors, including the severity and location of the earthquake, the extent of any damage to our facilities, the impact of an earthquake on our workforce and on the infrastructure of the surrounding communities and the extent of damage to our inventory and work in process. While we believe that our exposure to significant losses from an earthquake could be partially mitigated by our ability to manufacture some of our products at our other manufacturing facilities, the losses could have a material adverse effect on our business for an indeterminate period of time before this manufacturing transition is complete and operates without significant disruption. Furthermore, our manufacturing facilities in Puerto Rico may suffer damage as a result of hurricanes which are frequent in the Caribbean and could result in lost production and additional expenses to us to the extent any such damage is not fully covered by our hurricane and business interruption insurance. 
 Employees 
 As of December 29, 2012, we had over 15,000 employees worldwide. Our employees are not represented by any labor organizations, with the exception of a limited number of employees in Europe and Brazil. We have never experienced a work stoppage as a result of labor disputes. We believe that our relationship with our employees is generally good. 
 15 

Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 The following is a list of our executive officers as of February 22, 2013. For each position, the date in parentheses indicates the year during which each executive officer began serving in such capacity. 
 
 Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 Daniel J. Starks 
 
 58 
 
 Chairman (2004), President (2001) and Chief Executive Officer (2004) 
 John C. Heinmiller 
 
 58 
 
 Executive Vice President (2004) 
 Michael T. Rousseau 
 
 57 
 
 Group President (2012) and (Acting) Chief Marketing Officer (2012) 
 Joel D. Becker 
 
 45 
 
 President, U.S. Division (2011) 
 Frank J. Callaghan 
 
 59 
 
 President, Cardiovascular and Ablation Technologies Division (2012) 
 Eric S. Fain, M.D. 
 
 52 
 
 President, Implantable Electronic Systems Division (2012) 
 Denis M. Gestin 
 
 49 
 
 President, International (2008) 
 Angela D. Craig 
 
 41 
 
 Vice President, Global Human Resources (2012) 
 Kathleen M. Chester 
 
 50 
 
 Vice President, Global Regulatory (2012) 
 Rachel H. Ellingson 

43 
 
 Vice President, Corporate Relations (2012) 
 Jeff A. Fecho 
 
 52 
 
 Vice President, Global Quality (2012) 
 Thomas R. Northenscold 
 
 54 
 
 Vice President, Information Technology and Chief Information Officer (2007) 
 Jason A. Zellers 
 
 47 
 
 Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary (2011); Vice President and General Counsel, International (2006) 
 Donald J. Zurbay 
 
 45 
 
 Vice President (2006) and Chief Financial Officer (2012) 

Mr. Starks has served on St. Jude Medical s Board of Directors since 1996 and has been Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of St. Jude Medical since May 2004. Previously, Mr. Starks was President and Chief Operating Officer of St. Jude Medical from February 2001 to May 2004. From April 1998 to February 2001, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of our Cardiac Rhythm Management Division, and prior to that, Mr. Starks was Chief Executive Officer and President of Daig Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical. 
 Mr. Heinmiller joined St. Jude Medical in May 1996 as a part of our acquisition of Daig Corporation, where Mr. Heinmiller had served as Vice President of Finance and Administration since 1995. In May 1998, he was named Vice President of Corporate Business Development. In September 1998, he was appointed Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer and in May 2004 was promoted to Executive Vice President. Mr. Heinmiller was St. Jude Medical s Chief Financial Officer from September 1998 through August 2012 and continues to serve as Executive Vice President, responsible for the global support and service functions including Finance, Human Resources, Legal, Information Technology, Corporate Relations and Business Development. 
 Mr. Rousseau joined St. Jude Medical in 1999 as Senior Vice President, Cardiac Rhythm Management Global Marketing. In August 1999, Cardiac Rhythm Management Marketing and Sales were combined under his leadership. In January 2001, he was named President, U.S. Cardiac Rhythm Management Sales, and in July 2001, he was named President, U.S. Division, a position Mr. Rousseau held until January 2008, when he was promoted to Group President, initially responsible for the Company s four product divisions. In November 2009, Mr. Rousseau s Group President responsibilities were realigned, with the Company s Cardiac Rhythm Management Division and U.S. Division reporting directly to him. Mr. Rousseau served as President, U.S. Division from November 2009 to October 2011. Mr. Rousseau continued to serve as Group President over the Cardiac Rhythm Management and Neuromodulation product divisions as well as the U.S. Division until August 2012 when his Group President responsibilities were expanded and broadened to include the Cardiovascular and Ablation Technologies Division (the former Cardiovascular and Atrial Fibrillation divisions), the Implantable Electronic Systems Division (the former Cardiac Rhythm Management and Neuromodulation divisions) and the U.S. Division. Mr. Rousseau also oversees Global Regulatory and the Center for Innovation and Strategic Collaboration and serves as the (Acting) Chief Marketing Officer. 
 Mr. Becker joined St. Jude Medical in 1993 as Senior Associate in Corporate Development. In 1999, he left the Company to join Myocor, Inc., a venture-backed heart failure company, as Senior Vice President. Mr. Becker returned to St. Jude Medical in 2002 where he held numerous leadership positions in both Cardiovascular and Atrial Fibrillation divisions. Prior to his promotion to President, U.S. Division in October 2011, Mr. Becker served as Senior Vice President, Marketing for the U.S. Division from February 2011 to October 2011. Prior to February 2011, Mr. Becker served as Vice President, Program Management Business Development for the Atrial Fibrillation Division since 2004. 
 16 

Mr. Callaghan joined St. Jude Medical as Vice President of Research and Development for the Atrial Fibrillation Division in January 2005 as part of the ESI acquisition. From 1995 to 2005, Mr. Callaghan served as Vice President of Research and Development for ESI. In January 2008, he was promoted to President, Cardiovascular Division. In August 2012, Mr. Callaghan became President, Cardiovascular and Ablation Technologies Division (the former Cardiovascular and Atrial Fibrillation divisions). 
 Dr. Fain joined St. Jude Medical in 1997 as a part of our acquisition of Ventritex, Inc., where he had served since 1987. In 1998, he was named Senior Vice President, Clinical Engineering and Regulatory Affairs, Cardiac Rhythm Management. In 2002 he was appointed Senior Vice President for Development and Clinical/Regulatory Affairs for Cardiac Rhythm Management and was promoted to Executive Vice President over those functions in 2005. In July 2007, Dr. Fain became President, Cardiac Rhythm Management Division and in August 2012, he became President, Implantable Electronic Systems Division (the former Cardiac Rhythm Management and Neuromodulation divisions). 
 Mr. Gestin joined St. Jude Medical in 1997 as manager of cardiac rhythm management and catheter product sales in France. He was named Managing Director of St. Jude Medical France in 1999 and was promoted to Vice President, Northern Europe Africa in 2002. He was named President of SJM Europe, Middle East, Africa and Canada in August 2004, and in January 2008, Mr. Gestin was promoted to President, International Division. 
 Ms. Craig joined St. Jude Medical in May 2005 as Vice President of Communications and served in that position until being named Vice President, Corporate Relations, in January 2006. Ms. Craig was also named Vice President, Human Resources in August 2010. Ms. Craig was the Company's Vice President, Corporate Relations, from January 2006 through August 2012 and was promoted to Vice President, Global Human Resources in August 2012. Prior to joining St. Jude Medical, Ms. Craig spent 12 years with Smith Nephew plc, a medical device company headquartered in London, England. 
 Ms. Chester joined St. Jude Medical in September of 2002 as Division Director, Regulatory Affairs for the Cardiac Rhythm Management Division before being promoted to Vice President, Regulatory Affairs, Cardiac Rhythm Management Division, in January 2004. In July 2007, Ms. Chester was named Senior Vice President, Regulatory Affairs Quality Assurance for the Cardiac Rhythm Management Division. She later became Vice President, Regulatory Affairs Clinical Research for the Neuromodulation Division in November 2011. In August 2012, Ms. Chester was promoted to Vice President, Global Regulatory for St. Jude Medical. 
 Ms. Ellingson joined St. Jude Medical in November 2010 through the acquisition of AGA Medical where she served as Vice President, Business Development and Investor Relations. Prior to that, she spent 15 years in investment banking, most recently as a Managing Director with the medical device team at Banc of America Securities. In February 2011, Ms. Ellingson was named Senior Director, Corporate Strategy and Planning. In October 2011, Ms. Ellingson was promoted to Vice President, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations for St. Jude Medical, and in August 2012, she was promoted to Vice President, Corporate Relations. 
 Mr. Fecho joined St. Jude Medical in 2005 as Director of Quality for the Cardiovascular Division, served as Vice President of Quality for the Cardiovascular Division from 2008 to 2012 and became Vice President, Global Quality in January 2012. Prior to joining St. Jude Medical, he worked in research and development and quality operations for Boston Scientific, Inc. 
 Mr. Northenscold joined St. Jude Medical in 2001 as Vice President, Finance and Administration of Daig Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical. In March 2003, he was named Vice President, Administration and in November 2007 he was promoted to Vice President, Information Technology and Chief Information Officer. 
 Mr. Zellers joined St. Jude Medical in 2006 as Vice President and General Counsel for the International Division. In October 2011, he was appointed St. Jude Medical s Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Before joining St. Jude Medical, he was a partner at Armstrong Teasdale LLP and Schiff Hardin LLP and served as Senior Counsel at GE Healthcare. 
 Mr. Zurbay joined St. Jude Medical in 2003 as Director of Corporate Finance. In 2004, Mr. Zurbay was named Corporate Controller, and in January 2006 he was named Vice President and Corporate Controller. In August 2012, Mr. Zurbay was named Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. 
 Availability of SEC Reports 
 We make available, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) as soon as reasonably practical after they are filed or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Such reports are available on our website (http://www.sjm.com) under Investor Relations SEC Filings. Information included on our website is not deemed to be incorporated into this Form 10-K. 
 
 17 

Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 Our business faces many risks. Any of the risks discussed below, or elsewhere in this Form 10-K or our other SEC filings, could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry. 
 The medical device market is intensely competitive and is characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change. Our customers consider many factors when choosing suppliers, including product reliability, clinical outcomes, product availability, inventory consignment, price and product services provided by the manufacturer, and market share can shift as a result of technological innovation and other business factors. Major shifts in industry market share have occurred in connection with product problems, physician advisories and safety alerts, reflecting the importance of product quality in the medical device industry, and any quality problems with our processes, goods and services could harm our reputation for producing high-quality products and erode our competitive advantage, sales and market share. Our competitors range from small start-up companies to larger companies which have significantly greater resources and broader product offerings than us, and we anticipate that in the coming years, other large companies will enter certain markets in which we currently hold a strong position. In addition, we expect that competition will continue to intensify with the increased use of strategies such as consigned inventory, and we have seen increasing price competition as a result of managed care, consolidation among healthcare providers, increased competition and declining reimbursement rates. Product introductions or enhancements by competitors which have advanced technology, better features or lower pricing may make our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. As a result, we will be required to devote continued efforts and financial resources to bring our products under development to market, enhance our existing products and develop new products for the medical marketplace. If we fail to develop new products, enhance existing products or compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 
 We are subject to stringent domestic and foreign medical device regulation and any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely affect our financial condition and business operations. 
 Our products, development activities and manufacturing processes are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by numerous government agencies, including the FDA and comparable foreign agencies. To varying degrees, each of these agencies monitors and enforces our compliance with laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing and distribution of our medical devices. The process of obtaining marketing approval or clearance from the FDA and comparable foreign bodies for new products, or for enhancements or modifications to existing products, could: 
 
 - 
 take a significant amount of time, 
 
 - 
 require the expenditure of substantial resources, 
 
 - 
 involve rigorous pre-clinical and clinical testing, as well as increased post-market surveillance, 
 
 - 
 involve modifications, repairs or replacements of our products, and 
 
 - 
 result in limitations on the indicated uses of our products. 

We cannot be certain that we will receive required approval or clearance from the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies for new products or modifications to existing products on a timely basis. The failure to receive approval or clearance for significant new products or modifications to existing products on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Both before and after a product is commercially released, we have ongoing responsibilities under FDA regulations. For example, we are required to comply with the FDA's Quality System Regulation (QSR), which mandates that manufacturers of medical devices adhere to certain quality assurance requirements pertaining to, among other things, validation of manufacturing processes, controls for purchasing product components, and documentation practices. As another example, the Federal Medical Device Reporting regulation requires us to provide information to the FDA whenever there is evidence that reasonably suggests that a device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or, that a malfunction occurred which would be likely to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury upon recurrence. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is monitored rigorously through periodic inspections by the FDA, which may result in observations on Form 483, and in some cases warning letters, that require corrective action. If the FDA were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that any of our medical devices are ineffective or pose an unreasonable health risk, the FDA could ban such medical devices, detain or seize such medical devices, order a recall, repair, replacement, or refund of such devices, or require us to notify health professionals and others that the devices present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. The FDA has been increasing its scrutiny of the 
 18 

medical device industry and the government is expected to continue to scrutinize the industry closely with inspections, and possibly enforcement actions, by the FDA or other agencies. Additionally, the FDA may restrict manufacturing and impose other operating restrictions, enjoin and restrain certain violations of applicable law pertaining to medical devices, and assess civil or criminal penalties against our officers, employees, or us. The FDA may also recommend prosecution to the Department of Justice. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively manufacturing, marketing and selling our products. In addition, negative publicity and product liability claims resulting from any adverse regulatory action could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, the FDCA permits device manufacturers to promote products solely for the uses and indications set forth in the approved product labeling. A number of enforcement actions have been taken against manufacturers that promote products for off-label uses, including actions alleging that federal health care program reimbursement of products promoted for "off-label" uses are false and fraudulent claims to the government. The failure to comply with off-label promotion restrictions can result in significant financial penalties and a required corporate integrity agreement with the federal government imposing significant administrative obligations and costs, and potential evaluation from federal health care programs. 
 
 Foreign governmental regulations have become increasingly stringent and more common, and we may become subject to even more rigorous regulation by foreign governmental authorities in the future. Penalties for a company's noncompliance with foreign governmental regulation could be severe, including revocation or suspension of a company's business license and criminal sanctions. Any domestic or foreign governmental medical device law or regulation imposed in the future may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business operations. 
 Our products are continually the subject of clinical trials conducted by us, our competitors or other third parties, the results of which may be unfavorable, or perceived as unfavorable by the market, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As a part of the regulatory process of obtaining marketing clearance for new products and new indications for existing products, we conduct and participate in numerous clinical trials with a variety of study designs, patient populations and trial endpoints. Unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data from existing or future clinical trials conducted by us, by our competitors or by third parties, or the market's or FDA's perception of this clinical data, may adversely impact our ability to obtain product approvals, the size of the markets in which we participate, our position in, and share of, the markets in which we participate and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property effectively, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Patents and other proprietary rights are essential to our business and our ability to compete effectively with other companies is dependent upon the proprietary nature of our technologies. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovations and licensing opportunities to develop, maintain and strengthen our competitive position. We seek to protect these, in part, through confidentiality agreements with certain employees, consultants and other parties. We pursue a policy of generally obtaining patent protection in both the United States and in key foreign countries for patentable subject matter in our proprietary devices and also attempt to review third-party patents and patent applications to the extent publicly available to develop an effective patent strategy, avoid infringement of third-party patents, identify licensing opportunities and monitor the patent claims of others. We currently own numerous United States and foreign patents and have numerous patent applications pending. We are also a party to various license agreements pursuant to which patent rights have been obtained or granted in consideration for cash, cross-licensing rights or royalty payments. We cannot be certain that any pending or future patent applications will result in issued patents, that any current or future patents issued to or licensed by us will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or that the rights granted thereunder will provide a competitive advantage to us or prevent competitors from entering markets which we currently serve. Any required license may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, some licenses may be non-exclusive, and therefore our competitors may have access to the same technologies as us. In addition, we may have to take legal action in the future to protect our trade secrets or know-how or to defend them against claimed infringement of the rights of others. Any legal action of that type could be costly and time consuming to us and we cannot be certain of the outcome. The invalidation of key patents or proprietary rights which we own or an unsuccessful outcome in lawsuits to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Pending and future patent litigation could be costly and disruptive to us and may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We operate in an industry that is susceptible to significant patent litigation and, in recent years, it has been common for companies in the medical device field to aggressively challenge the rights of other companies to prevent the marketing of new 
 19 

devices. Companies that obtain patents for products or processes that are necessary for or useful to the development of our products may bring legal actions against us claiming infringement and at any given time, we generally are involved as both a plaintiff and a defendant in a number of patent infringement and other intellectual property-related actions. Defending intellectual property litigation is expensive and complex and outcomes are difficult to predict. Any pending or future patent litigation may result in significant royalty or other payments or injunctions that can prevent the sale of products and may cause a significant diversion of the efforts of our technical and management personnel. While we intend to defend any such lawsuits vigorously, we cannot be certain that we will be successful. In the event that our right to market any of our products is successfully challenged or if we fail to obtain a required license or are unable to design around a patent, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Pending and future product liability claims and other litigation, including private securities litigation, shareholder derivative suits and contract litigation, may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The design, manufacture and marketing of the medical devices we produce entail an inherent risk of product liability claims. Our products are often used in intensive care settings with seriously ill patients, and many of the medical devices we manufacture and sell are designed to be implanted in the human body for long periods of time or indefinitely. There are a number of factors that could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, a patient with respect to these or other products which we manufacture or sell, including component failures, manufacturing flaws, design defects or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information. Product liability claims may be brought by individuals or by groups seeking to represent a class. 
 We are currently the subject of product liability litigation proceedings and other proceedings described in more detail in Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Financial Report included in our 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders and filed as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K. The outcome of product liability litigation, particularly class action lawsuits, is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits often seek recovery of very large or indeterminate monetary amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. The final resolution of these types of litigation matters may take a number of years and we cannot reasonably estimate the time frame in which any potential settlements or judgments would be paid out or the amounts of any such settlements or judgments. In addition, the cost to defend any future product liability claims may be significant. Product liability claims, securities and commercial litigation and other current or future litigation, including any costs (the material components of which are settlements, judgments, legal fees and other related defense costs) not covered under our previously-issued product liability insurance policies and existing litigation reserves, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 Our self-insurance program may not be adequate to cover future losses. 
 Consistent with the predominant practice in our industry, we do not currently maintain or intend to maintain any insurance policies with respect to product liability in the future. We will continue to monitor the insurance marketplace to evaluate the value to us of obtaining insurance coverage in the future. We believe that our self-insurance program, which is based on historical loss trends, will be adequate to cover future losses, although we can provide no assurances that this will remain true as historical trends may not be indicative of future losses. These losses could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 The loss of any of our sole-source suppliers or an increase in the price of inventory supplied to us could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We purchase certain supplies used in our manufacturing processes from single sources due to quality considerations, costs or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. Agreements with certain suppliers are terminable by either party upon short notice and we have been advised periodically by some suppliers that in an effort to reduce their potential product liability exposure, they may terminate sales of products to customers that manufacture implantable medical devices. While some of these suppliers have modified their positions and have indicated a willingness to continue to provide a product temporarily until an alternative vendor or product can be qualified (or even to reconsider the supply relationship), where a particular single-source supply relationship is terminated, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement suppliers for certain components or materials quickly. This is largely due to the FDA approval system, which mandates validation of materials prior to use in our products, and the complex nature of manufacturing processes employed by many suppliers. In addition, we may lose a sole-source supplier due to, among other things, the acquisition of such a supplier by a competitor (which may cause the supplier to stop selling its products to us) or the bankruptcy of such a supplier, which may cause the supplier to cease operations. A reduction or interruption by a sole-source supplier of the supply of materials or key 
 20 

components used in the manufacturing of our products or an increase in the price of those materials or components could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Cost containment pressures and domestic and foreign legislative or administrative reforms resulting in restrictive reimbursement practices of third-party payors or preferences for alternate therapies could decrease the demand for products purchased by our customers, the prices which they are willing to pay for those products and the number of procedures using our devices. 
 Our products are purchased principally by healthcare providers that typically bill various third-party payors, such as governmental programs (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid), private insurance plans and managed care plans, for the healthcare services provided to their patients. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their services and the products they provide from government and third-party payors is critical to the success of medical technology companies. The availability of reimbursement affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. Reimbursement varies from country to country and can significantly impact the acceptance of new technology. After we develop a promising new product, we may find limited demand for the product unless reimbursement approval is obtained from private and governmental third-party payors. 
 Major third-party payors for healthcare provider services in the United States and abroad continue to work to contain healthcare costs. The introduction of cost containment incentives, combined with closer scrutiny of healthcare expenditures by both private health insurers and employers, has resulted in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to healthcare provider charges for services performed and in the shifting of services between inpatient and outpatient settings. Initiatives to limit the growth of healthcare costs, including price regulation, are also underway in several countries in which we do business. Implementation of healthcare reforms in the United States and in significant overseas markets such as Germany, Japan and other countries may limit the price or the level at which reimbursement is provided for our products and adversely affect both our pricing flexibility and the demand for our products. Healthcare providers may respond to such cost-containment pressures by substituting lower cost products or other therapies for our products. 
 In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act were enacted into law in the United States, which included a number of provisions aimed at improving the quality and decreasing the costs of healthcare. The healthcare reform statutes have already resulted in significant reimbursement cuts in Medicare payments to hospitals and other healthcare providers. It is uncertain what consequences these provisions will have on patient access to new technologies and what impacts these provisions will have on Medicare reimbursement rates. Legislative or administrative reforms to the U.S. or international reimbursement systems that significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using our medical devices or deny coverage for such procedures, or adverse decisions relating to our products by administrators of such systems in coverage or reimbursement issues, would have an adverse impact on the products, including clinical products, purchased by our customers and the prices our customers are willing to pay for them. This in turn would have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our failure to comply with restrictions relating to reimbursement and regulation of healthcare goods and services may subject us to penalties and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our devices are subject to regulation regarding quality and cost by the United States Department of Health and Human Services, including the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), as well as comparable state and foreign agencies responsible for reimbursement and regulation of healthcare goods and services. Foreign governments also impose regulations in connection with their healthcare reimbursement programs and the delivery of healthcare goods and services. U.S. federal government healthcare laws apply when we submit a claim on behalf of a U.S. federal healthcare program beneficiary, or when a customer submits a claim for an item or service that is reimbursed under a U.S. federal government funded healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. The principal U.S. federal laws implicated include those that prohibit the filing of false or improper claims for federal payment, those that prohibit unlawful inducements for the referral of business reimbursable under federally-funded healthcare programs, known as the anti-kickback laws, and those that prohibit healthcare service providers seeking reimbursement for providing certain services to a patient who was referred by a physician that has certain types of direct or indirect financial relationships with the service provider, known as the Stark law. 
 The laws applicable to us are subject to evolving interpretations. If a governmental authority were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we and our officers and employees could be subject to severe criminal and civil penalties, including, for example, exclusion from participation as a supplier of product to beneficiaries covered by CMS. If we are excluded from participation based on such an interpretation, it could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 21 

Consolidation in the healthcare industry could lead to demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell to certain of our significant market segments. 
 The cost of healthcare has risen significantly over the past decade and numerous initiatives and reforms initiated by legislators, regulators and third-party payors to curb these costs have resulted in a consolidation trend in the medical device industry as well as among our customers, including healthcare providers. This in turn has resulted in greater pricing pressures and limitations on our ability to sell to important market segments, as group purchasing organizations, independent delivery networks and large single accounts, such as the Veterans Administration in the United States, continue to consolidate purchasing decisions for some of our healthcare provider customers. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party reimbursement policies and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances which may exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to integrate acquired businesses into our operations successfully could adversely affect our business. 
 As part of our strategy to develop and identify new products and technologies, we have made several acquisitions in recent years and may make additional acquisitions in the future. Our integration of the operations of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, manufacturing and finance. These efforts result in additional expenses and involve significant amounts of management's time that cannot then be dedicated to other projects. Our failure to manage successfully and coordinate the growth of the combined company could also have an adverse impact on our business. In addition, we cannot be certain that the businesses we acquire will become profitable or remain so. If our acquisitions are not successful, we may record unexpected impairment charges. Factors that will affect the success of our acquisitions include: 
 
 - 
 
 the presence or absence of adequate internal controls and/or significant fraud in the financial systems of acquired companies; 
 
 - 
 
 adverse developments arising out of investigations by governmental entities of the business practices of acquired companies; 
 
 - 
 
 any decrease in customer loyalty and product orders caused by dissatisfaction with the combined companies' product lines and sales and marketing practices, including price increases; 
 
 - 
 
 our ability to retain key employees; and 
 
 - 
 
 the ability of the combined company to achieve synergies among its constituent companies, such as increasing sales of the combined company's products, achieving cost savings and effectively combining technologies to develop new products. 

We may not realize the expected benefits from our restructuring initiatives and continuous improvement efforts, and they may result in unintended adverse impacts to our business. 
 
 In May 2011, we announced a restructuring plan that included phasing out CRM manufacturing and research and development operations in Sweden, reducing our workforce and rationalizing product lines. Additionally, in August 2012, we announced a business realignment plan to restructure our product divisions into two new operating divisions as well as restructure certain support functions by centralizing information technology, human resources, legal, business development and certain marketing functions. The actions initiated under these restructuring plans included workforce reductions, the transfer of certain product lines, the disposal of inventory and long-lived assets and other efforts to streamline our business. 
 
 While these changes are part of a comprehensive plan to, among other things, accelerate our growth, reduce costs and leverage economies of scale, we may not realize the expected benefits of our restructuring initiatives and continuous improvement efforts. In addition, these actions and potential future restructuring actions could yield unintended consequences, such as distraction of management and employees, business disruption, reduced employee morale and productivity and unexpected additional employee attrition , including the inability to attract or retain key personnel. These consequences could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot guarantee that these recent restructuring measures, or other restructuring actions and expense reduction measures we take in the future, will result in the expected cost savings and additional operating efficiency we hope to achieve. 
 The success of many of our products depends upon strong relationships with physicians and other healthcare professionals. 
 If we fail to maintain our working relationships with physicians and other healthcare professionals, many of our products may not be developed and marketed in line with the needs and expectations of the professionals who use and support our products. The research, development, marketing and sales of many of our new and improved products is dependent upon our 
 22 

maintaining working relationships with physicians as well as other healthcare professionals, including hospital purchasing agents, who are becoming increasingly instrumental in making purchasing decisions for our products. We rely on these professionals to provide us with considerable knowledge and experience regarding our products and the marketing and sale of our products. Physicians also assist us as researchers, marketing consultants, product consultants, inventors and as public speakers. If we are unable to maintain our strong relationships with these professionals and continue to receive their advice and input, the development and marketing and sales of our products could suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our relationships with physicians and other healthcare professionals and other providers that use our products are regulated under the U.S. federal anti-kickback statute and similar state and foreign laws. We operate consistent with the AdvaMed Code of Ethics on Interactions with Health Care Professionals which provides guidance on marketing and other practices in our relationships with healthcare professionals and/or product purchasers. We also adhere to many similar codes in countries outside the United States. In addition, we have in place and are continuously improving our internal business integrity and compliance program and policies. Failure to comply with the federal anti-kickback law or similar state or foreign law could result in criminal or civil penalties. 
 Instability in international markets or foreign currency fluctuations could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our products are currently marketed in more than 100 countries around the world, with our largest geographic markets outside of the United States being Europe, Japan and Asia Pacific. As a result, we face currency and other risks associated with our international sales. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations due to transactions denominated primarily in Euros, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollars, Australian Dollars, Brazilian Reals, British Pounds and Swedish Kronor, which may potentially reduce the U.S. Dollars we receive for sales denominated in any of these foreign currencies and/or increase the U.S. Dollars we report as expenses in these currencies, thereby affecting our reported consolidated revenues, profit margins and results of operations. Fluctuations between the currencies in which we do business have caused and will continue to cause foreign currency transaction gains and losses. We cannot predict the effects of currency exchange rate fluctuations upon our future operating results because of the number of currencies involved, the variability of currency exposures and the volatility of currency exchange rates. 
 In addition to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, there are a number of additional risks associated with our international operations, including those related to: 
 
 - 
 
 the imposition of or increase in import or export duties, surtaxes, tariffs or customs duties; 
 
 - 
 
 the imposition of import or export quotas or other trade restrictions; 
 
 - 
 
 foreign tax laws and potential increased costs associated with overlapping tax structures; 
 
 - 
 
 compliance with various U.S. and foreign laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Anti-Bribery Act and import/export laws; 
 
 - 
 
 longer accounts receivable cycles in certain foreign countries, whether due to cultural, economic or other factors; 
 
 - 
 
 changes in medical reimbursement programs and regulatory requirements in international markets in which we operate; and 
 
 - 
 
 economic and political instability in foreign countries, including concerns over excessive levels of sovereign debt and budget deficits in countries where we market our products that could result in an inability to pay or timely pay outstanding payables. 

Current economic conditions could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 During 2008 and 2009, the global economy experienced a severe downturn due to the sequential effects of the subprime lending crisis, the credit market crisis, collateral effects on the finance and banking industries, slower economic activity, decreased consumer confidence, adverse business conditions and liquidity concerns. More recently, credit and sovereign debt issues have destabilized certain European economies and thereby increased global macroeconomic uncertainties. On August 5, 2011, Standard Poor's downgraded the U.S. credit rating to AA+ from its top rank of AAA. The current budget deficit concerns have increased the possibility of other credit rating agency downgrades which could have a material adverse effect on the financial markets and economic conditions in the United States and throughout the world. Uncertainty about current global economic conditions continue to pose a risk as these and other factors beyond our control may adversely affect our ability to borrow money in the credit markets and to obtain financing for acquisitions or other general corporate and commercial purposes. 
 Upheaval in the global economy and financial markets can also affect our business through its effects on general levels of economic activity, employment and customer behavior. The recovery from the recent recession in the United States has been below historic averages and the unemployment rate is expected to remain high for some time. Inflation has fallen over the last 
 23 

several years, but is now rising, and Central Banks around the world have begun tightening monetary conditions to attempt to control inflation. Proposed cuts in federal spending in the United States over the next decade could result in cuts to, and restructuring of, entitlement programs such as Medicare and aid to states for Medicaid programs. Our hospital customers rely heavily on Medicare and Medicaid programs to fund their operations. Any cuts to these programs could negatively affect the business of our customers and our business. As a result of recent or future poor economic conditions, our customers may experience financial difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations which may adversely impact their ability or decision to purchase our products or to pay for products they do purchase or have purchased on a timely basis, if at all. While the economic environment has begun to show signs of improvement, the strength and timing of any economic recovery remains uncertain, and we cannot predict to what extent the global economic slowdown may negatively impact our net sales, average selling prices, profit margins, procedural volumes and reimbursement rates from third party payors. In addition, the current economic conditions may adversely affect our suppliers, leading them to experience financial difficulties or to be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which could cause disruptions in our ability to produce our products. 
 On February 21, 2012, an agreement was reached between the Greek government and the European Union and International Monetary Fund whereby creditors would swap existing Greek government bonds for new bonds with a significant reduction in face value, a longer term and lower interest rates. This agreement, among other macroeconomic and factors specific to the distributor, negatively impacted the solvency and liquidity of our Greek distributor, resulting in a 57 million accounts receivable allowance charge recognized in our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, which was subsequently written off during 2012. Although no significant accounts receivable allowance charges were made in 2012, we continue to experience longer collection cycles for trade receivables in certain European member states, particularly in Southern Europe. We still expect to fully collect these receivables, however, there can be no assurances that additional negative economic disruptions and slowdowns in Europe may result in us not fully collecting these receivables, adversely affecting our cash flows, financial position and results of operations. Additional prolongation of the economic disruptions in Europe may negatively impact reimbursement rates and procedural volumes and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 The medical device industry and its customers are often the subject of governmental investigations into marketing and other business practices. Investigations against us could result in the commencement of civil and/or criminal proceedings, substantial fines, penalties and/or administrative remedies, divert the attention of our management and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Investigations of our customers may adversely affect the size of our markets. 
 We are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA and numerous other federal, state and foreign governmental authorities. These authorities have been increasing their scrutiny of our industry. We have received subpoenas and other requests for information from state and federal governmental agencies, including, among others, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services (OIG). These investigations have related primarily to financial arrangements with health care providers, regulatory compliance and product promotional practices. 
 In March 2010, we received a Civil Investigative Demand (CID) from the DOJ. The CID requests documents and sets forth interrogatories related to communications by and within our Company on various indications for tachycardia implantable cardioverter defibrillator systems (ICDs) and a National Coverage Decision issued by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Similar requests were made of our major competitors. In addition, on August 31, 2012 we received a CID from the Civil Division of the DOJ requesting documents related to our Riata and Riata ST silicone-insulated products. The CID appears to relate to a review of whether circumstances surrounding our Riata and Riata ST defibrillator lead products caused the submission of false claims to federal healthcare programs. On September 20, 2012, the OIG issued a subpoena requiring us to produce certain documents related to payments made by our Company to healthcare professionals practicing in California, Florida, and Arizona, as well as policies and procedures related to payments made by our Company to non-employee healthcare professionals. 
 We are fully cooperating with these investigations and are responding to these requests. However, we cannot predict when these investigations will be resolved, the outcome of these investigations or their impact on the Company. An adverse outcome in one or more of these investigations could include the commencement of civil and/or criminal proceedings, substantial fines, penalties and/or administrative remedies, including exclusion from government reimbursement programs. In addition, resolution of any of these matters could involve the imposition of additional and costly compliance obligations. Finally, if these investigations continue over a long period of time, they could divert the attention of management from the day-to-day operations of our business and impose significant administrative burdens on us. These potential consequences, as well as any adverse outcome from these investigations or other investigations initiated by the government at any time, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Further, governmental investigations involving our customers, such as the DOJ investigation of hospitals related to ICD utilization, may have a negative impact on the size of the CRM market. Our U.S. ICD sales represented approximately 18 of 
 24 

our worldwide consolidated net sales in 2012, and any changes in this market could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Regulatory actions arising from the concern over Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy (BSE) may limit our ability to market products containing bovine material. 
 Our Angio-Seal vascular closure device, as well as our vascular graft products, contain bovine collagen. In addition, some of the tissue heart valves we market, such as our Biocor , Epic and Trifecta tissue heart valves, incorporate bovine pericardial material. Certain medical device regulatory agencies may prohibit the sale of medical devices that incorporate any bovine material because of concerns over BSE, sometimes referred to as mad cow disease, a disease which may be transmitted to humans through the consumption of beef. While we are not aware of any reported cases of transmission of BSE through medical products and are cooperating with regulatory agencies considering these issues, the suspension or revocation of authority to manufacture, market or distribute products containing bovine material, or the imposition of a regulatory requirement that we procure material for these products from alternate sources, could result in lost market opportunities, harm the continued commercialization and distribution of such products and impose additional costs on us. Any of these consequences could in turn have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are not insured against all potential losses. Natural disasters or other catastrophes could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, cyclones, typhoons, tropical storms, floods, earthquakes and tsunamis, severe changes in climate and geo-political events, such as acts of war, civil unrest or terrorist attacks, in a country in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. For example, we have significant CRM facilities located in Sylmar and Sunnyvale, California, Puerto Rico and Costa Rica. Earthquake insurance is currently difficult to obtain, extremely costly and restrictive with respect to scope of coverage. Our earthquake insurance for our California facilities provides 10 million of insurance coverage in the aggregate, with a deductible equal to 5 of the total value of the facility and contents involved in the claim. Consequently, despite this insurance coverage, we could incur uninsured losses and liabilities arising from an earthquake near one or both of our California facilities as a result of various factors, including the severity and location of the earthquake, the extent of any damage to our facilities, the impact of an earthquake on our California workforce and on the infrastructure of the surrounding communities and the extent of damage to our inventory and work in process. While we believe that our exposure to significant losses from an earthquake could be partially mitigated by our ability to manufacture some of our CRM products at our other manufacturing facilities, the losses could have a material adverse effect on our business for an indeterminate period of time before this manufacturing transition is complete and operates without significant problems. Furthermore, our manufacturing facilities in Puerto Rico may suffer damage as a result of hurricanes which are frequent in the Caribbean and which could result in lost production and additional expenses to us to the extent any such damage is not fully covered by our hurricane and business interruption insurance. Even with insurance coverage, natural disasters or other catastrophic events, including acts of war, could cause us to suffer substantial losses in our operational capacity and could also lead to a loss of opportunity and to a potential adverse impact on our relationships with our existing customers resulting from our inability to produce products for them, for which we would not be compensated by existing insurance. This in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Further, when natural disasters, result in wide-spread destruction, the adverse impact on the operations of our customers in those affected locations could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations in that region or on the consolidated operations of our business. 
 Our operations are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that could require us to incur material costs. 
 Our operations are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations concerning, among other things, the generation, handling, transportation and disposal of hazardous substances or wastes, particularly ethylene oxide, the cleanup of hazardous substance releases, and emissions or discharges into the air or water. We have incurred and expect to incur expenditures in the future in connection with compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. New laws and regulations, violations of these laws or regulations, stricter enforcement of existing requirements, or the discovery of previously unknown contamination could require us to incur costs or become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could be material. 
 We are increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology and, if we fail to properly maintain the integrity of our data or if our products do not operate as intended, our business could be materially affected. 
 We are increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology for our products and infrastructure. We have been consolidating and integrating the number of systems we operate and have upgraded and expanded our information systems capabilities, including the conversion to a new enterprise resource planning system. Our information and manufacturing 
 25 

systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, mobile device technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards and the increasing need to protect patient and customer information. In addition, third parties may attempt to hack into our products or systems and may obtain data relating to patients with our products or the Company's proprietary information. If we fail to maintain or protect our information and manufacturing systems and data integrity effectively, we could lose existing customers, have difficulty attracting new customers, have difficulty manufacturing product, have difficulty preventing, detecting, and controlling fraud, become subject to regulatory sanctions or penalties, experience increases in operating expenses, incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of a data privacy breach or suffer other adverse consequences. There can be no assurance that our process of consolidating the number of systems we operate, upgrading and expanding our information systems capabilities, protecting and enhancing our systems and developing new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology will be successful or that additional systems issues will not arise in the future. Any significant breakdown, intrusion, interruption, corruption or destruction of these systems, as well as any data breaches, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be significantly and adversely affected by recent healthcare reform legislation and other administration and legislative proposals. 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act were enacted into law in March 2010. As a U.S. headquartered company with significant sales in the United States, this health care reform law will materially impact us as well as the U.S. economy. Certain provisions of the law will not be effective for a number of years and there are many programs and requirements for which the details have not yet been fully established or consequences not fully understood, and it is unclear what the full impacts will be from the law. The law does levy a 2.3 excise tax on the majority of our U.S. medical device sales beginning in 2013. Our U.S. net sales represented approximately 47 of our worldwide consolidated net sales in 2012 and we still expect the new tax will materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. The law also focuses on a number of Medicare provisions aimed at improving quality and decreasing costs. It is uncertain at this point what negative unintended consequences these provisions will have on patient access to new technologies. The Medicare provisions include value based payment programs, increased funding of comparative effectiveness research, reduced hospital payments for avoidable readmissions and hospital acquired conditions, and pilot programs to evaluate alternative payment methodologies that promote care coordination (such as bundled physician and hospital payments). Additionally, the law includes a reduction in the annual rate of inflation for Medicare payments to hospitals that began in 2011 and the establishment of an independent payment advisory board to recommend ways of reducing the rate of growth in Medicare spending beginning in 2014. We cannot predict what healthcare programs and regulations will be ultimately implemented at the federal or state level, or the effect of any future legislation or regulation. However, any changes that lower reimbursement for our products or reduce medical procedure volumes could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Changes in tax laws or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. We are subject to ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions. Tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. However, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and the actual outcomes of these audits could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, changes in tax laws or tax rulings could materially impact our effective tax rate. For example, proposals for fundamental U.S. international tax reform, such as past proposals by the Obama administration, if enacted, could have a significant adverse impact on our future results of operations. In addition, recent health care legislation levies a 2.3 excise tax on the majority of our U.S. medical device sales beginning in 2013. 

Item 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

Item 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

We own our principal executive offices, which are located in St. Paul, Minnesota. Our manufacturing facilities currently operating are located in California, Minnesota, Arizona, South Carolina, Texas, New Jersey, Oregon, Massachusetts, Brazil, Puerto Rico, Costa Rica, Malaysia and Thailand. We own approximately 64 (680,000 square feet) of our total manufacturing space. We also maintain sales and administrative offices in the United States at 40 locations in 15 states and outside the United States at 102 locations in 42 countries. With the exception of 18 locations, all of these locations are leased. 
 26 

We believe that all buildings, machinery and equipment are in good condition, suitable for their purposes and are maintained on a basis consistent with sound operations. During the first quarter of 2012, we commenced expansion of our Plymouth, Minnesota facility, which is currently 205,000 square feet. The additional 275,000 square feet will be used to house manufacturing, research and development and office space to consolidate CATD operations and create business synergies. We expect to complete the construction and begin occupation of the site during 2013. In conjunction with this additional construction, we will be closing our Maple Grove, Minnesota facility, 61,000 square feet, in April 2013. We also expect to close additional sites in Minnetonka, Minnesota during 2014 and 2015, as a result of the planned move to the expanded Plymouth facility. 
 During 2012, we completed the second phase of construction (approximately 108,000 square feet) on our total estimated 400,000 square foot facility located in Costa Rica. During 2011, we completed the first phase of construction (approximately 227,000 square feet). Currently CATD is utilizing the finished portion of the facility for manufacturing, laboratory, office and support areas. During 2013, we plan to complete an additional 25,000 square feet for manufacturing. 
 In November 2012, we completed the construction of our 130,000 square foot cardiac rhythm management office in Sunnyvale, California, which is primarily office space. The site has the potential to expand by another 172,800 square feet of office space, if future expansion is needed. In December of 2012, we also exercised an option to purchase a 155,000 square foot facility in Sylmar, California for use by our cardiac rhythm management business. The facility had previously been leased and consists of warehouse and office space. 
 The expansion of our Brazil facility was completed in the first quarter of 2011, which is primarily being utilized by CATD to support manufacturing efforts. This facility also includes warehouse and office space. Our Malaysia facility began initial operation and manufacture of CRM products in January 2011. The 342,000 square foot facility houses manufacturing, warehouse and general office space. 

Item 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are the subject of various pending or threatened legal actions and proceedings, including those that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties and to outcomes that are not predictable with assurance and that may not be known for extended periods of time. We record a liability in our consolidated financial statements for costs related to claims, including future legal costs, settlements and judgments, where we have assessed that a loss is probable and an amount can be reasonably estimated. Our significant legal proceedings are discussed in Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Financial Report included in St. Jude Medical s 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders and filed as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. While it is not possible to predict the outcome for most of the legal proceedings discussed in Note 5, the costs associated with such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows of a future period. 

Item 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 
 PART II 
 27 

Item 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

There were no sales of unregistered securities during the 2012 fiscal year. The information set forth under the Stock Exchange Listings caption in the Financial Report included in St. Jude Medical s 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders and filed as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. The following table provides information about the shares we repurchased during the fourth quarter of 2012: 
 Period 
 
 Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased (c) 
 
 Average Price 
 Paid per Share 
 
 Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased 
 as Part of Publicly 
 Announced Plans 
 or Programs 
 
 Approximate 
 Dollar Value of 
 Shares that May 
 Yet Be Purchased 
 Under the Plans 
 or Programs 
 
 9/30/2012 - 10/27/2012 
 
 3,943,365 

39.28 

3,943,000 

145,113,029 
 
 (a) 
 10/28/2012 - 12/1/2012 
 
 3,752,733 

38.67 

3,752,213 

1,000,000,000 
 
 (a), (b) 
 12/2/2012 - 12/29/2012 
 
 12,856,149 

35.62 

12,856,100 

542,012,144 
 
 (b) 
 Total 
 
 20,552,247 

36.88 

20,551,313 

542,012,144 

(a) On October 17, 2012, our Board of Directors announced a share repurchase program of up to 300 million of our outstanding common stock with no expiration date. We began repurchasing shares on October 19, 2012 and completed the repurchases under the program on November 6, 2012. 
 
 (b) On November 29, 2012, our Board of Directors announced a share repurchase program of up to 1 billion of our outstanding common stock with no expiration date. 
 
 (c) Includes 934 shares surrendered to us by plan participants to satisfy withholding tax obligations related to the vesting of restricted stock awards. The shares were not repurchased on the open market. 

Item 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

The information set forth under the caption Five-Year Summary Financial Data in the Financial Report included in St. Jude Medical s 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders and filed as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The information set forth under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Financial Report included in St. Jude Medical s 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders and filed as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The information set forth under the Market Risk section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Financial Report included in St. Jude Medical s 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders and filed as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto and the Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm set forth in the Financial Report included in St. Jude Medical s 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders and filed as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 
 28 

Item 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act of 1934) as of December 29, 2012. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 29, 2012. 
 Management s annual report on our internal control over financial reporting is provided in the Financial Report included in St. Jude Medical s 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders and filed as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2012 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is provided in the Financial Report included in St. Jude Medical s 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders and filed as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 
 During the fiscal quarter ended December 29, 2012, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information set forth under the captions Proposal to Elect Directors, Director Qualifications, Director Nomination Process, Director Independence and Audit Committee Financial Literacy and Expertise, Committees of the Board of Directors and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in St. Jude Medical s Proxy Statement for the 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference. The information set forth under the caption Executive Officers of the Registrant in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct for our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, corporate controller and all other employees. We have made our Code of Business Conduct available on our website (http://www.sjm.com) under About Us Business Integrity Code of Business Conduct . We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct by posting such information on our website at the web address and location specified above. Information included on our website is not deemed to be incorporated into this Form 10-K. 

Item 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information set forth under the captions Compensation of Directors, Director Compensation Table, Executive Compensation and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in St. Jude Medical s Proxy Statement for the 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
 29 

Item 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table summarizes information regarding our equity compensation plans in effect as of December 29, 2012. 
 Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) (1) 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) (2) 
 Stock plans approved by shareholders (3) 
 
 28,107,923 
 
 38.08 
 
 18,254,926 

St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan approved by shareholders 

6,706,103 

All equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 
 
 28,107,923 
 
 38.08 
 
 24,961,029 

Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 

Total 
 
 28,107,923 
 
 38.08 
 
 24,961,029 

Footnotes 
 
 (1) 
 Excludes, as of December 29, 2012, 63,868 shares underlying outstanding stock options assumed by us in connection with our acquisition of Advanced Neuromodulation Systems, Inc. (ANS) which were originally granted pursuant to the following plans of ANS: the Quest Medical, Inc. 1995 Stock Option Plan, the Quest Medical, Inc. 1998 Stock Option Plan, the ANS 2000 Stock Option Plan, the ANS 2001 Employee Stock Option Plan, the ANS 2002 Stock Option Plan and the ANS 2004 Stock Incentive Plan. The options are administered pursuant to the terms of the plan under which they were originally granted. No future options will be granted under these acquired plans. 
 (2) 
 The shares available for future issuance as of December 29, 2012 included 107,439 shares available for restricted stock grants under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2000 Stock Plan, as amended; and, if all remaining shares authorized for issuance under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, were allocated to full value awards such that no additional stock options could be granted under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, up to 7,535,050 shares available for full value awards under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 (3) 
 Includes the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 1997 Stock Option Plan, as amended, the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2000 Stock Plan, as amended, the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2002 Stock Plan, as amended, the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan, as amended, and the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated. 

Item 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information set forth under the captions Related Person Transactions and Director Independence and Audit Committee Financial Literacy and Expertise in St. Jude Medical s Proxy Statement for the 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information set forth under the caption Proposal to Ratify the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in St. Jude Medical s Proxy Statement for the 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
 30 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 
 List of documents filed as part of this Report 

(1) 
 
 Financial Statements 

The following Consolidated Financial Statements of St. Jude Medical and Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm as set forth in the Financial Report included in St. Jude Medical s 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders are incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 13 attached hereto: 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings Fiscal Years ended December 29, 2012, December 31, 2011 and January 1, 2011 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Fiscal Years ended December 29, 2012, December 31, 2011 and January 1, 2011 

Consolidated Balance Sheets December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Fiscal Years ended December 29, 2012, December 31, 2011 and January 1, 2011 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Fiscal Years ended December 29, 2012, December 31, 2011 and January 1, 2011 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2) 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts, is filed as part of this Form 10-K (see Item 15(c)). 

All other financial statement schedules not listed above have been omitted because the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto, or is not applicable. 

(3) 
 
 Exhibits 

Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K, copies of certain instruments defining the rights of holders of certain long-term debt of St. Jude Medical are not filed, and in lieu thereof, we agree to furnish copies thereof to the SEC upon request. 

31 

Exhibit 
 
 Exhibit Index 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of October 15, 2010, among St. Jude Medical, Inc., Asteroid Subsidiary Corporation and AGA Medical Holdings, Inc., is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to St. Jude Medical s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on October 20, 2010 (Commission File No. 333-170045). 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended on May 9, 2008, are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of St. Jude Medical s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 28, 2008. 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws, as amended and restated as of February 25, 2005, are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to St. Jude Medical s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2005. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to St. Jude Medical s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed October 20, 2010 (Commission File No. 333-170045). 

4.2 
 
 Indenture, dated as of July 28, 2009, between St. Jude Medical, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to St. Jude Medical s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2009. 

4.3 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 28, 2009, between St. Jude Medical, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to St. Jude Medical s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2009. 

4.4 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 17, 2010, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to St. Jude Medical s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2010. 

4.5 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2010, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to St. Jude Medical s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2010. 

10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement that St. Jude Medical has entered into with executive officers is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to St. Jude Medical s Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended January 1, 2011. 

10.2 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement that St. Jude Medical has entered into with directors is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to St. Jude Medical s Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended January 1, 2011. 

10.3 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to St. Jude Medical s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 11, 2009. 

10.4 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. Management Savings Plan, restated effective January 1, 2008, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of St. Jude Medical s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2008. First Amendment to the St. Jude Medical, Inc. Management Savings Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to St. Jude Medical's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on August 8, 2012 (Commission File No. 333-183158). 

10.5 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended effective August 1, 2012, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to St. Jude Medical s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2012. 

10.6 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. 1997 Stock Option Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of St. Jude Medical s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed December 22, 1997 (Commission File No. 333-42945). 

32 

Exhibit 
 
 Exhibit Index 

10.7 
 
 Amendment, dated as of October 23, 2008, to the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 1997 Stock Option Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of St. Jude Medical s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 27, 2008. 

10.8 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2000 Stock Plan, as amended, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of St. Jude Medical s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006. 

10.9 
 
 Amendment, dated as of October 23, 2008, to the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2000 Stock Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of St. Jude Medical s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 27, 2008. 

10.10 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2002 Stock Plan, as amended, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of St. Jude Medical s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006. 

10.11 
 
 Amendment, dated as of October 23, 2008, to the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2002 Stock Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of St. Jude Medical s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 27, 2008. 

10.12 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (amended 2011) and related Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2002 Stock Plan, as amended, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to St. Jude Medical s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2011. 

10.13 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to St. Jude Medical s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2006. 

10.14 
 
 Amendment, dated as of October 23, 2008, to the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of St. Jude Medical s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 27, 2008. 

10.15 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (amended 2011) and related Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant for options granted prior to December 10, 2012 under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to St. Jude Medical's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2011. 

10.16 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Employees (amended 2011) and the related Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant for options granted prior to December 10, 2012 under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of St. Jude Medical's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2011. 

10.17 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (amended 2011) and related Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant for options granted prior to December 10, 2012 under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of St. Jude Medical's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2011. 

10.18 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (amended 2011) and related Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant for options granted prior to December 10, 2012 under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of St. Jude Medical's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2011. 

10.19 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (amended 2011) and related Restricted Stock Award Certificate for restricted stock granted prior to December 10, 2012 under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to St. Jude Medical's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2011. 

33 

Exhibit 
 
 Exhibit Index 

10.20 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (amended 2011) and related Restricted Stock Units Award Certificate for restricted stock units granted prior to December 10, 2012 under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to St. Jude Medical's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2011. 

10.21 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors and related Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant for stock options granted on or after December 10, 2012 under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan. # 

10.22 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Employees and the related Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant for stock options granted on or after December 10, 2012 under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan. # 

10.23 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (2011), is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to St. Jude Medical s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2011. 

10.24 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Global) and related Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant for stock options granted on or after December 10, 2012 under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. # 

10.25 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors and related Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant for stock options granted on or after December 10, 2012 under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. # 

10.26 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement and related Restricted Stock Award Certificate for stock options granted on or after December 10, 2012 under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. # 

10.27 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (Global) and related Restricted Stock Units Award Certificate for restricted stock units granted on or after December 10, 2012 under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. # 

10.28 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. Amended and Restated 1995 Stock Option Plan (formerly the Quest Medical, Inc. 1995 Stock Option Plan) is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of St. Jude Medical s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005. 

10.29 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. Amended and Restated 1998 Stock Option Plan (formerly the Quest Medical, Inc. 1998 Stock Option Plan) is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of St. Jude Medical s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005. 

10.30 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Option Plan (formerly the Advanced Neuromodulation Systems, Inc. 2000 Stock Option Plan) is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of St. Jude Medical s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005. 

10.31 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. Amended and Restated 2001 Employee Stock Option Plan (formerly the Advanced Neuromodulation Systems, Inc. 2001 Employee Stock Option Plan) is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of St. Jude Medical s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005. 

10.32 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. Amended and Restated 2002 Stock Option Plan (formerly the Advanced Neuromodulation Systems, Inc. 2002 Stock Option Plan) is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of St. Jude Medical s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005. 

34 

Exhibit 
 
 Exhibit Index 

10.33 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (formerly the Advanced Neuromodulation Systems, Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan) is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of St. Jude Medical s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005. 

10.34 
 
 Form of Severance Agreement between St. Jude Medical, Inc. and executive officers hired prior to December 10, 2012 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to St. Jude Medical s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2009. 

10.35 
 
 Form of Severance Agreement between St. Jude Medical, Inc. and executive officers hired on or after December 10, 2012. # 

10.36 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2002, between Advanced Neuromodulation Systems, Inc. and Christopher G. Chavez is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of Advanced Neuromodulation Systems Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2002. 

10.37 
 
 Amendment, dated as of July 27, 2006, between Advanced Neuromodulation Systems, Inc. and Christopher G. Chavez, to Employment Agreement, effective as of April 1, 2002, between Advanced Neuromodulation Systems, Inc. and Christopher G. Chavez is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to St. Jude Medical s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2006. 

10.38 
 
 Multi-Year 1,500,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of December 22, 2010 among St. Jude Medical, Inc., as the Borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Lender, and the other Lenders party thereto, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to St. Jude Medical s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2010. 

12 
 
 Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. # 

13 
 
 Portions of St. Jude Medical s 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders. # 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. # 

23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. # 

24 
 
 Power of Attorney. # 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. # 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. # 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. # 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. # 

101 
 
 Financial statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of St. Jude Medical, Inc. for the year ended December 29, 2012, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. ## 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 # 
 Filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

35 

(b) 
 Exhibits : Reference is made to Item 15(a)(3). 
 (c) 
 Schedules : 
 SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 
 (In millions) 

Balance 
 
 Additions 
 
 Deductions 

Description 
 
 at Beginning 
 of Year 
 
 Charged to 
 Expense 
 
 Other (2) 
 
 Write-offs (1) 
 
 Other (2) 
 
 Balance at 
 End of Year 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts: 

Fiscal year ended 

December 29, 2012 

101 

6 

1 

(61) 

47 
 
 December 31, 2011 

35 

72 

(3) 

(3) 

101 
 
 January 1, 2011 

35 

4 

2 

(6) 

35 

(1) 
 Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries. During 2012, the Company wrote-off 55 million related to its Greek distributor, previously reserved for during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011. 
 (2) 
 In 2012, 2011 and 2010, 1 million , (3) million , and 2 million , respectively, of other represents the effects of changes in foreign currency translation. 
 36 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 

Date: 
 February 26, 2013 
 By 
 /s/ DANIEL J. STARKS 

Daniel J. Starks 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By 
 /s/ DONALD J. ZURBAY 

Donald J. Zurbay 

Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated, on the 26th day of February, 2013. 

/s/ DANIEL J. STARKS 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 Daniel J. Starks 

Director 
 John W. Brown 

Director 
 Richard R. Devenuti 

Director 
 Stuart M. Essig 

Director 
 Barbara B. Hill 

Director 
 Michael A. Rocca 

Director 
 Wendy L. Yarno 

By: /s/ JASON A. ZELLERS 

Jason A. Zellers 

Attorney-in-Fact 

37 

<EX-10.21>
 2
 exhibit102112292012.htm
 NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT, NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS, 2006 PLAN

Exhibit 10.21 12.29.2012 

EXHIBIT 10.21 
 
 NOTICE OF NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION GRANT 
 TO NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR 
 (2006 STOCK PLAN) 
 
 This certifies that ________________ has an option to purchase __________________ shares of common stock, par value .10 per share, of St. Jude Medical, Inc., a Minnesota corporation. 
 Social Security Number: _______________ 
 Address: ____________________________ 
 Grant Date: __________________________ 
 Purchase Price Per Share: ______________ 
 Expiration Date: ______________________ 
 Exercisable Date: 100 exercisable on ________ 
 This stock option is governed by, and subject in all respects to, the terms and conditions of the Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors, a copy of which is attached to and made a part of this document, and the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan, a copy of which is available upon request. This Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant to Non-Employee Director has been duly executed, by manual or facsimile signature, on behalf of St. Jude Medical, Inc. 
 ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 
 By: ________________________________________ 
 Name: ______________________________________ 
 Title: _______________________________________ 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.22>
 3
 exhibit102212292012.htm
 NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT FOR EMPLOYEES, 2006 PLAN

Exhibit 10.22 12.29.2012 

EXHIBIT 10.22 
 
 NOTICE OF NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION GRANT 
 TO EMPLOYEE 
 (2006 STOCK PLAN) 
 
 This certifies that ______________ has an option to purchase _______________ shares of common stock, par value .10 per share, of St. Jude Medical, Inc., a Minnesota corporation. 
 Social Security Number: _____________________________________ 
 Address: __________________________________________________ 
 Grant Date: ________________________________________________ 
 Purchase Price Per Share: ____________________________________ 
 Expiration Date: ____________________________________________ 
 Exercisable Date: [insert vesting schedule, e.g., 25 exercisable on each of first four anniversaries of grant date] 
 This stock option is governed by, and subject in all respects to, the terms and conditions of the Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Employees, a copy of which is attached to and made a part of this document, and the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan, a copy of which is available upon request. This Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant to Employee has been duly executed, by manual or facsimile signature, on behalf of St. Jude Medical, Inc. To accept this Award, this Notice and the Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement must be delivered and accepted through an electronic medium in accordance with procedures established by the Company or, if required under applicable law, you must sign and return a copy of this Notice to the Company. By so doing, you acknowledge receipt of the accompanying Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement and the Plan, and represent that you have read and understood the same and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the accompanying Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement and the terms and provisions of the Plan. 
 ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 
 By: ________________________________________ 
 Name: ______________________________________ 
 Title: _______________________________________ 
 
 RECIPIENT 
 ____________________________________________ 

ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 2006 STOCK PLAN 
 NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT FOR EMPLOYEES 
 This Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Employees (this Agreement is between St. Jude Medical, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), and you, the person named in the attached Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant to Employee (the Notice ). This Agreement is effective as of the date of grant set forth in the attached Notice (the Grant Date ). 
 The Company desires to provide you with an opportunity to purchase shares of the Company's common stock, .10 par value (the Common Stock ), as provided in this Agreement in order to carry out the purpose of the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan (the Plan ). All capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. See Section 11 for a list of defined terms. 
 Accordingly, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and you hereby agree as follows: 
 1. 
 Grant of Option . 
 The Company hereby grants to you, effective as of the Grant Date, the right and option (the Option to purchase all or any part of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock set forth in the attached Notice, on the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement and in accordance with the terms of the Plan. The Option is not intended to be an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 2. 
 Exercise Price . 
 The per share purchase price of the shares subject to the Option shall be the purchase price per share set forth in the attached Notice (the Exercise Price ). 
 3. 
 Term of Option and Exercisability . 
 The term of the Option shall be for a period of eight years from the Grant Date, terminating at the close of business on the expiration date set forth in the attached Notice (the Expiration Date ), or such shorter period as is prescribed in the attached Notice or in Section 5 of this Agreement. The Option shall become exercisable, or vest, on the date or dates and in the amount or amounts set forth in the attached Notice, subject to the provisions of Sections 4 and 5 of this Agreement. To the extent the Option is exercisable, you may exercise it in whole or in part, at any time, or from time to time, prior to the termination of the Option. 
 4. Change of Control . 
 (a) In the event of a Change of Control, this Option shall be assumed by the successor corporation, an affiliate thereof or other successor entity or person, or shall replaced with an award or grant that, solely in the discretionary judgment of the Committee, preserves the existing value of this Option at the time of the Change of Control and provides for vesting and settlement terms that are at least as favorable to you as the vesting and payout terms applicable to this Option, and the assumed Option or such substitute therefore shall remain outstanding and shall be governed by its respective terms and shall include the following additional terms: 
 If, within two years after a Change of Control you experience an involuntary termination of employment initiated by the Company for reasons other than Cause, or a termination of employment for Good Reason, the unvested portion of the Option shall immediately vest and the Option shall become immediately exercisable in full and remain exercisable for one year beginning on the date of your termination of employment. 
 (b) In the discretion of the Committee and notwithstanding subsection (c) above or any other provision, the Option (whether or not exercisable) may be cancelled at the time of the Change of Control in exchange for cash, property or a combination thereof that is determined by the Committee to be at least equal to the excess (if any) of the value of the consideration that would be received in such Change of Control by the holders of Common Stock, over the Exercise Price for the Option set forth in the attached Notice. For purposes of clarification, by operation of this provision Options that would not yield a gain at the time of the Change of Control under the aforementioned equation are subject to cancellation without consideration. Furthermore, the Committee is under no obligation to treat Options and/or holders of Options uniformly and has the discretionary authority to treat Options and/or holders of Options disparately. 

(c) If, in the event of a Change of Control, this Option is not assumed or replaced as provided by subsection (a) above or cancelled in exchange for cash, property or a combination thereof as provided by subsection (b) above, then the unvested portion of the Option shall immediately vest and the Option shall become immediately exercisable in full upon the Change of Control. 
 5. Effect of Termination of Employment . 
 (a) If your employment is terminated by reason of your death, the Option may be exercised at any time within 12 months after the date of your death, to the extent that the Option was exercisable by you on the date of death, by your personal representatives or administrators or by any person or persons to whom the Option has been transferred by will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution, subject to the condition that the Option shall not be exercisable after the Expiration Date of the Option. 
 (b) If your employment is terminated by reason of Disability, you may exercise the Option at any time within 12 months after such termination of employment, to the extent that the Option was exercisable by you on the date of such termination, subject to the condition that the Option shall not be exercisable after the Expiration Date of the Option. 
 (c) If your employment is terminated by reason of Retirement, you may exercise the Option at any time within 36 months after such termination of employment, to the extent that the Option was exercisable by you on the date of such termination, subject to the condition that the Option shall not be exercisable after the Expiration Date of the Option. 
 (d) If your employment is terminated for Cause, the Option shall terminate immediately upon termination of employment and shall not be exercisable thereafter. 
 (e) If your employment is terminated for any reason other than your death, Disability, Retirement or for Cause, you may exercise the Option at any time within 90 days after the date of such termination of employment, to the extent that the Option was exercisable by you on the date of such termination, subject to the condition that the Option shall not be exercisable after the Expiration Date of the Option. However, if concurrently with the termination of your employment you become a consultant to the Company pursuant to a written consulting agreement, then you may continue to exercise the Option at any time until 90 days after the date of termination of such consulting agreement, to the extent the Option was exercisable by you on the date of your termination of employment, subject to the condition that the Option will not be exercisable after the Expiration Date of the Option. 
 
 6. Method of Exercising Option . 
 (f) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may exercise the Option by following the procedures established by the Company from time to time. In addition, you may exercise the Option by written notice to the Company, as provided in Section 9(i) of this Agreement, that states (i) your election to exercise the Option, (ii) the Grant Date of the Option, (iii) the purchase price of the shares, (iv) the number of shares as to which the Option is being exercised, (v) the manner of payment of the exercise price and (vi) the manner of payment for any income tax withholding amount. The notice shall be signed by you or the person(s) exercising the Option. The notice shall be accompanied by payment in full of the exercise price for all shares designated in the notice. To the extent that the Option is exercised after your death, the notice of exercise shall also be accompanied by appropriate proof of the right of such person(s) to exercise the Option. 
 (g) Payment of the exercise price shall be made to the Company through one or a combination of the following methods: 
 (i) 
 cash, in United States currency (including check, draft, money order or wire transfer made payable to the Company); or 
 (ii) 
 delivery (either actual delivery or by attestation) of shares of Common Stock acquired by you more than six months prior to the date of exercise having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the Option exercise price. You shall represent and warrant in writing that you are the owner of the shares so delivered, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, security interests and restrictions, and you shall duly endorse in blank all certificates delivered to the Company. 
 
 7. Income Tax Withholding . 
 (h) You acknowledge that you will consult with your personal tax adviser regarding the income tax consequences of exercising the Option or any other matters related to this Agreement and that any federal, state, local or foreign payroll, withholding, income or other taxes are your sole and absolute responsibility. In order to comply with all applicable federal, state, local or foreign income tax laws or regulations, the Company may take such action as it deems appropriate to ensure that all applicable federal, state, local or foreign payroll, withholding, income or other taxes are withheld or collected from you. 
 (i) In accordance with the terms of the Plan, and such rules as may be adopted by the Committee administering the Plan, you may elect to satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligations arising from the exercise of the Option by (i) delivering cash (including check, draft, money order or wire transfer made payable to the order of the Company), (ii) having 

the Company withhold a portion of the shares of Common Stock otherwise to be delivered upon exercise of the Option having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such taxes or (iii) delivering to the Company shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such taxes. The Company will not deliver any fractional share of Common Stock but will pay, in lieu thereof, the Fair Market Value of such fractional share. Your election must be made on or before the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. 
 
 8. Adjustments . 
 If the Committee administering the Plan determines that any merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, other change in corporate structure affecting the Common Stock, spin-off, split-up or other distribution of assets to shareholders, or other similar corporate transaction or event affects the shares of Common Stock such that an adjustment is determined by the Committee administering the Plan to be appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under this Agreement, then the Committee administering the Plan shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable, in its sole discretion, adjust any or all of the number and type of the shares covered by the Option and the exercise price of the Option. 
 9. Covenants . 
 In consideration of benefits described elsewhere in this Agreement and the attached Notice, and in recognition of the fact that, as a result of your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, you have had or will have access to and gain knowledge of highly confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets pertaining to the Company or its Affiliates, as well as the customers, suppliers, joint ventures, distributors or other persons and entities with whom the Company or any of its Affiliates does business Confidential Information ), which the Company or its Affiliates have expended time, resources and money to obtain or develop and which have significant value to the Company and its Affiliates, you agree for the benefit of the Company and its Affiliates, and as a material condition to your receipt of benefits described elsewhere in this Agreement and the attached Notice, as follows: 
 (a) Non-Competition Agreement . In the event of your termination of employment for any reason, whether voluntary or involuntary, you, either personally or through an agent, servant, employee, partner, representative, affiliate or other entity, shall not for a period of one year following termination, without the prior written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, seek or accept employment with or render services to any other person or entity that competes in any sense with the Company or any of its Affiliates in connection with the design, development, manufacture, marketing or sale of any product, process or service that is being designed, developed, manufactured, marketed or sold by the Company or any of its Affiliates and in which you participated in the design, development, manufacture, marketing or sale during your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates or about which you acquired Confidential Information. 
 The preceding paragraph specifically prohibits you from rendering services to a competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates in the capacity as an employee, agent, or representative of a competitor; as a partner, director, officer or shareholder of a competitor; or through any other form of ownership interest in a competitor, including self-employment. This does not prohibit you from holding less than five percent of the issued and outstanding stock of a competitor which is a publicly held corpo-ration. The preceding paragraph further specifically prohibits you from rendering services to any company where rendering such services would be expected to require or involve your using or disclosing Confidential Information. 
 (b) Restriction on Solicitation of Employees and Former Employees . You agree that you will not, during your employment and for a period of one year following your termination of employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, directly or indirectly solicit, or assist anyone else in the solicitation of, any of the Company's or any of its Affiliates' employees, or former employees who worked for the Company or any of its Affiliates for the purpose of hiring them, engaging them as consultants, or inducing them to leave their employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates. If you are approached by one of the Company's or any of its Affiliates' employees or former employees regarding potential employment, consultation or contract, as described above during the restrictive period of non-solicitation, you must immediately (i) fully inform the employee or former employee of the non-solicitation obligation described above and (ii) refrain from engaging in any communication with the employee or former employee regarding potential employment consultation or contract. 
 (c) Other More Restrictive Covenants . 
 In the event that you are a party to any other agreement with the Company or its Affiliates that restrict you from competing with the Company or soliciting employees or former employees of the Company, then the terms of such covenants, to the extent more restrictive than the covenants set forth in subsections (a) and (b) above, shall be deemed to modify and replace the covenants set forth in subsections (a) and (b) above. 

(d) Remedies . 
 In the event you breach any of the covenants contained in this Section 9, you recognize that irreparable injury will result to the Company, that the Company's remedy at law for damages will be inadequate, and that the Company shall be entitled to an injunction to restrain the continuing breach by you, your partners, agents, servants or employees, or any other persons or entities acting for or with you. The Company shall further be entitled to damages, reasonable attorney's fees, and all other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement, in addition to any other rights and remedies which the Company may have at law or in equity. 
 In addition to the remedies set forth in the preceding paragraph, you agree that upon your breach of any covenant contained in this Section 9, (i) the Option shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited and (ii) if you have received delivery of shares of Common Stock or cash upon the exercise of the Option under this Agreement within the period beginning six months prior to the date of your termination of employment and ending twelve months following the date of your termination of employment, the Company, in its sole discretion, may require you to return or forfeit such shares (as adjusted for any events described in Section 8 of this Agreement that occurred following the date of vesting) or cash. The Company's right to require forfeiture must be exercised no later than 180 days after the Company acquires actual knowledge of such an activity, but in no event later than twelve months after your termination of employment. Such right shall be deemed to be exercised upon the Company's mailing written notice of such exercise to your most recent home address as shown on the personnel records of the Company. 
 If you fail or refuse to forfeit the shares of Common Stock or cash demanded by the Company, you shall be liable to the Company for damages (which, in the case of Common Stock, shall equal the number of shares of Common Stock demanded times the highest closing price per share of the Common Stock during the period between the date of your termination of employment and the date of any judgment or award to the Company, as adjusted for any events described in Section 9 of this Agreement), together with all costs and attorneys' fees incurred by the Company to enforce this provision. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 8 shall have no application following a Change of Control or to the extent prohibited under applicable local law. 
 10. General Provisions . 
 (j) Interpretations . This Agreement is subject in all respects to the terms of the Plan. A copy of the Plan is available upon your request. Terms used herein which are defined in the Plan shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Plan, unless otherwise defined herein. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Any question of administration or interpretation arising under this Agreement shall be determined by the Committee administering the Plan, and such determination shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties in interest. 
 (k) No Rights as a Shareholder . Neither you nor your legal representatives shall have any of the rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company with respect to the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option unless and until certificates for such shares have been issued upon exercise of the Option. 
 (l) No Right to Employment . Nothing in this Agreement or the Plan shall be construed as giving you the right to be retained as an employee of the Company. In addition, the Company may at any time dismiss you from employment, free from any liability or any claim under this Agreement, unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. 
 (m) Option Not Transferable . The Option may not be transferred, pledged, alienated, attached or otherwise encumbered, and any purported transfer, pledge, alienation, attachment or encumbrance of the Option will be void and unenforceable against the Company, except that the Option may be transferred (i) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or (ii) if approved in advance by the Committee administering the Plan, in its discretion and subject to such additional terms and conditions as it determines, by gift, without consideration, under a written instrument that is approved in advance by the Committee administering the Plan, to a member of your family, as defined in Section 267 of the Code, or to a trust or similar entity whose sole beneficiaries are you and/or members of your family (such family member or other entity, a Permitted Transferee ), provided that such transfer and the exercise of the Option by such Permitted Transferee do not violate any federal or state securities laws. During your lifetime the Option will be exercisable only by you or such Permitted Transferee. 
 (n) Reservation of Shares . The Company shall at all times during the term of the Option reserve and keep available such number of shares of Common Stock as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of this Agreement. 
 (o) Securities Matters . The Company shall not be required to deliver any shares of Common Stock until the requirements of any federal or state securities or other laws, rules or regulations (including the rules of any securities exchange) as may be determined by the Company to be applicable are satisfied. 

(p) Headings . Headings are given to the sections and subsections of this Agreement solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 (q) Governing Law . The internal law, and not the law of conflicts, of the State of Minnesota will govern all questions concerning the validity, construction and effect of this Agreement. 
 (r) Notices . You should send all written notices regarding this Agreement or the Plan to the Company at the following address: 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. 
 Stock Option Administrator 
 One St. Jude Medical Drive 
 St. Paul, MN 55117 
 
 Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant to Employee . This Agreement is attached to and made part of a Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant to Employee and shall have no force or effect unless such Notice is duly executed and delivered by the Company to you and accepted by you through an electronic medium in accordance with procedures established by the Company or, if required under applicable law, by signing and returning a copy of the Notice to the Company. 
 11. Definitions . 
 (i) Affiliate means (a) any entity that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, is controlled by the Company and (b) any entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest, in each case as determined by the Committee. 
 (ii) Change in Control shall mean: 
 (a) the acquisition by any person, entity or group, within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), other than the Company or any of its Affiliates, or any employee benefit plan of the Company and/or one or more of it Affiliates, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 35 or more of either the then outstanding shares of Common Stock or the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding voting securities in a transaction or series of transactions; or 
 (b) individuals who, as of the Grant Date, constitute the Board of Directors of the Company (generally the Directors and as of the Grant Date the Continuing Directors cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, provided that any person becoming a Director subsequent to the Grant Date whose nomination for election was approved in advance by a vote of at least three-quarters of the Continuing Directors (other than a nomination of an individual whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened solicitation with respect to the election or removal of the Directors of the Company, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act) shall be deemed to be a Continuing Director; or 
 (c) the consummation of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution of the Company or of the sale (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. 
 (iii) Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events, except for the occurrence of such an event in connection with the termination or reassignment of your employment by the Company for Cause, Disability, Early Retirement, Normal Retirement or death: 
 (a) a material reduction of your status, position or responsibilities with the Company from those in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; 
 (b) a reduction by the Company in your annual base salary or target amount of annual bonus in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; 
 (c) the Company's requiring you to be based anywhere other than within 50 miles of your office location immediately prior to a Change in Control except for required travel on the Company's business to an extent substantially consistent with your business travel obligations immediately prior to the Change in Control; or 
 (d) the failure by the Company to continue to provide you with benefits that are, in the aggregate, at least as favorable as those enjoyed by you under any of the Company's pension, life insurance, medical, health and accident, disability, 

deferred compensation, incentive, stock, stock purchase, stock option, savings, perk package, vacation or other plans or programs in which you participate that are in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control, except for broad-based changes to any such plans or programs that effect all employees of the Company or broad groups of employees who are similarly situated. 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.24>
 4
 exhibit102412292012.htm
 NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT, 2007 PLAN

Exhibit 10.24 12.29.2012 

EXHIBIT 10.24 
 ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 2007 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 AS AMENDED AND RESTATED (2011) 

NOTICE OF NON-QUALIFIED 
 STOCK OPTION GRANT 
 
 This certifies that ___________________________ has an option to purchase _____________________ shares of common stock, .10 par value, of St. Jude Medical, Inc., a Minnesota corporation. 
 Social Security/ID Number: ____________________ 
 Address: ___________________________________ 
 Grant Date: ___________________________, 20___ 
 Purchase Price Per Share: _____________________ 
 Expiration Date: _____________________________ 
 Exercisable Date: ____________________________ 
 This stock option is governed by, and subject in all respects to, the terms and conditions of the Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, a copy of which is attached to and made a part of this document, and the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, As Amended and Restated (2011), a copy of which is available upon request. This Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant has been duly executed, by manual or facsimile signature, on behalf of St. Jude Medical, Inc. To accept this Award, this Notice and the Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement must be delivered and accepted through an electronic medium in accordance with procedures established by the Company or, if required under applicable law, you must sign and return a copy of this Notice to the Company. By so doing, you acknowledge receipt of the accompanying Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement and the Plan, and represent that you have read and understood the same and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the accompanying Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement and the terms and provisions of the Plan. 
 ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 
 By: ________________________________________ 
 Name: ______________________________________ 
 Title: _______________________________________ 
 
 RECIPIENT 
 ____________________________________________ 

ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 
 2007 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 AS AMENDED AND RESTATED (2011) 

NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 (GLOBAL) 
 
 This Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (the Agreement is between St. Jude Medical, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), and you, the person named in the attached Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant (the Notice who is an employee of the Company or an Affiliate. For purposes of this Agreement, Employer means the entity (the Company or the Affiliate) that employs you on the applicable date. This Agreement is effective as of the Grant Date set forth in the Notice. 
 The Company desires to provide you with an opportunity to purchase shares of the Company's Common Stock, .10 par value (the Common Stock ), as provided in this Agreement in order to carry out the purpose of the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, As Amended and Restated (2011) (the Plan ). All capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. See Section 11 for a list of defined terms. 
 The terms and conditions of the Option are as follows: 
 1. Grant of Option . 
 As indicated in the Notice, the Company has granted to you, effective as of the Grant Date, the right and option (the Option to purchase all or any part of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock set forth in the Notice, on the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement and in accordance with the terms of the Plan. The Option is not intended to be an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 2. Exercise Price . 
 The per share purchase price of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option shall be the purchase price per share set forth in the Notice (the Exercise Price ). 
 3. Term of Option and Exercisability . 
 The term of the Option shall be for a period of eight years from the Grant Date, terminating at the close of business on the expiration date set forth in the Notice (the Expiration Date or such shorter period as is prescribed in Section 5 of this Agreement. The Option shall become exercisable, or vest, on the date or dates and in the amount or amounts set forth in the attached Notice, subject to the provisions of Section 4 and Section 5 of this Agreement. To the extent the Option is exercisable, you may exercise it in whole or in part, at any time, or from time to time, prior to the termination of the Option. 
 4. Change of Control . 
 (a) In the event of a Change of Control, this Option shall be assumed by the successor corporation, an affiliate thereof or other successor entity or person, or shall replaced with an award or grant that, solely in the discretionary judgment of the Committee, preserves the existing value of this Option at the time of the Change of Control and provides for vesting and settlement terms that are at least as favorable to you as the vesting and payout terms applicable to this Option, and the assumed Option or such substitute therefore shall remain outstanding and shall be governed by its respective terms and shall include the following additional terms: 
 If, within two years after a Change of Control you experience an involuntary termination of employment initiated by the Employer for reasons other than Cause, or a termination of employment for Good Reason, the unvested portion of the Option shall immediately vest and the Option shall become immediately exercisable in full and remain exercisable for one year beginning on the date of your termination of employment. 
 (b) In the discretion of the Committee and notwithstanding subsection (a) above or any other provision, the Option (whether or not exercisable) may be cancelled at the time of the Change of Control in exchange for cash, property or a combination thereof that is determined by the Committee to be at least equal to the excess (if any) of the value of the consideration that would be received in such Change of Control by the holders of Common Stock, over the Exercise Price for 

the Option. For purposes of clarification, by operation of this provision Options that would not yield a gain at the time of the Change of Control under the aforementioned equation are subject to cancellation without consideration. Furthermore, the Committee is under no obligation to treat Options and/or holders of Options uniformly and has the discretionary authority to treat Options and/or holders of Options disparately. 
 (c) If, in the event of a Change of Control, this Option is not assumed or replaced as provided by subsection (a) above or cancelled in exchange for cash, property or a combination thereof as provided by subsection (b) above, then the unvested portion of the Option shall immediately vest and the Option shall become immediately exercisable in full upon the Change of Control. 
 5. Effect of Termination of Employment . 
 (a) If your employment terminates by reason of your death, the Option may be exercised at any time within 12 months after the date of your death, to the extent that the Option was exercisable by you on the date of death, by your personal representatives or administrators or by any person or persons to whom the Option has been transferred by will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution, subject to the condition that the Option shall not be exercisable after the Expiration Date of the Option. 
 (b) If your employment terminates by reason of Disability, you may exercise the Option at any time within 12 months after such termination, to the extent that the Option was exercisable by you on the date of such termination, subject to the condition that the Option shall not be exercisable after the Expiration Date of the Option. 
 (c) If your employment terminates by reason of Early Retirement or Normal Retirement, you may exercise the Option at any time within 36 months after such termination, to the extent that the Option was exercisable by you on the date of such termination, subject to the condition that the Option shall not be exercisable after the Expiration Date of the Option. 
 (d) If your employment terminates for Cause, the Option shall terminate immediately upon such termination and shall not be exercisable thereafter. 
 (e) If your employment is terminated for any reason other than your death, Disability, Normal Retirement or Early Retirement, or for Cause, you may exercise the Option at any time within 90 days after the date of such termination of employment, to the extent that the Option was exercisable by you on the date of such termination, subject to the condition that the Option shall not be exercisable after the Expiration Date of the Option. However, if concurrently with the termination of your employment you become a consultant to the Company pursuant to a written consulting agreement, then you may continue to exercise the option at any time until 90 days after the date of termination of such consulting agreement, to the extent the Option was exercisable by you on the date of your termination of employment, subject to the condition that the Option will not be exercisable after the Expiration Date of the Option. 
 (f) For purposes of this Agreement, your employment shall be considered terminated when you are no longer either an employee of the Company or any Affiliate (including without limitation because the entity that employs you has ceased to be an Affiliate). 
 6. Method of Exercising Option . 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may exercise your Option by following the procedures established by the Company from time to time. In addition, you may exercise your Option by written notice to the Company as provided in Section 10(m) of this Agreement that states (i) your election to exercise the Option, (ii) the Grant Date of the Option, (iii) the purchase price of the shares of Common Stock, (iv) the number of shares of Common Stock as to which the Option is being exercised, (v) the manner of payment and (vi) the manner of payment for any applicable tax withholding amount. The notice shall be signed by you or the Person or Persons exercising the Option. The notice shall be accompanied by payment in full of the exercise price for all shares of Common Stock designated in the notice. To the extent that the Option is exercised after your death, the notice of exercise shall also be accompanied by appropriate proof of the right of such Person or Persons to exercise the Option. 
 (b) Payment of the exercise price shall be made to the Company through one or a combination of the following methods: 
 (i) cash, in United States currency (including check, draft, money order or wire transfer made payable to the Company); or 

(ii) delivery (either actual delivery or by attestation) of shares of Common Stock acquired by you more than six months prior to the date of exercise having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the Option exercise price. You shall represent and warrant in writing that you are the owner of the shares so delivered, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, security interests and restrictions, and you shall duly endorse in blank all certificates delivered to the Company. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any provision within the Agreement to the contrary, if you are resident or employed outside of the United States, the Committee may require that you exercise your Option in a method other than as specified above, may require you to exercise the Option only by means of a cashless exercise (either a cashless sell-all exercise and/or a cashless sell-to-cover exercise) as it shall determine in its sole discretion, or may require you to sell any shares of Common Stock you acquire under the Plan immediately or within a specified period following your termination of employment to comply with local rules and regulations (in which case, the Company shall have the authority to issue sales instructions in relation to such shares of Common Stock on your behalf). 
 7. Tax and Social Insurance Withholding . 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company and/or the Employer take with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Option, including the grant of the Option, the vesting of the Option, the exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Option and the receipt of any dividends and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 (b) If your country of residence (and/or country of employment, if different) requires the withholding of Tax-Related Items, then in accordance with the terms of the Plan, and such rules as may be adopted by the Committee administering the Plan, you may elect to satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligations arising from the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option by (i) delivering cash (including check, draft, money order or wire transfer made payable to the order of the Company), (ii) having the Company withhold a portion of the shares of Common Stock otherwise to be delivered upon exercise of the Option having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such taxes or (iii) delivering to the Company shares of Common Stock acquired by you more than six months prior to the date of exercise having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such taxes. The Company will not deliver any fractional share of Common Stock but will pay, in lieu thereof, a cash amount equal to the Fair Market Value of such fractional share. Your election must be made on or before the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. In the event the withholding requirements are not satisfied through the means described above, no shares of Common Stock will be issued to you (or your beneficiary) upon exercise of the Option unless and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Committee) have been made by you with respect to the payment of any Tax-Related Items that the Company or your Employer determines, in its sole discretion, must be withheld or collected with respect to such Option. 
 (c) You expressly consent to the methods of withholding as provided hereunder and/or any other methods of withholding that the Company and/or Employer may establish and are permitted under the Plan to meet the withholding and/or other requirements as provided under applicable laws, rules and regulations. All other Tax-Related Items related to the Option and any shares of Common Stock delivered upon exercise thereof are your sole responsibility. 
 8. Adjustments . 
 In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, shares of Common Stock, other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of shares or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase shares or other securities of the Company or other similar corporate transaction or event affects the shares covered by the Option such that an adjustment is necessary in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the attached Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant and this Agreement, then the Committee administering the Plan shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable, adjust any or all of the number and type of the shares of Common Stock covered by the Option and the exercise price of the Option. 
 9. Covenants . 

In consideration of benefits described elsewhere in this Agreement and the attached Notice, and in recognition of the fact that, as a result of your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, you have had or will have access to and gain knowledge of highly confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets pertaining to the Company or its Affiliates, as well as the customers, suppliers, joint ventures, distributors or other persons and entities with whom the Company or any of its Affiliates does business Confidential Information ), which the Company or its Affiliates have expended time, resources and money to obtain or develop and which have significant value to the Company and its Affiliates, you agree for the benefit of the Company and its Affiliates, and as a material condition to your receipt of benefits described elsewhere in this Agreement and the attached Notice, as follows: 
 (a) Non-Competition Agreement . In the event of your termination of employment for any reason, whether voluntary or involuntary, you, either personally or through an agent, servant, employee, partner, representative, affiliate or other entity, shall not for a period of one year following termination, without the prior written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, seek or accept employment with or render services to any other person or entity that competes in any sense with the Company or any of its Affiliates in connection with the design, development, manufacture, marketing or sale of any product, process or service that is being designed, developed, manufactured, marketed or sold by the Company or any of its Affiliates and in which you participated in the design, development, manufacture, marketing or sale during your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates or about which you acquired Confidential Information. 
 The preceding paragraph specifically prohibits you from rendering services to a competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates in the capacity as an employee, agent, or representative of a competitor; as a partner, director, officer or shareholder of a competitor; or through any other form of ownership interest in a competitor, including self-employment. This does not prohibit you from holding less than five percent of the issued and outstanding stock of a competitor which is a publicly held corpo-ration. The preceding paragraph further specifically prohibits you from rendering services to any company where rendering such services would be expected to require or involve your using or disclosing Confidential Information. 
 (b) Restriction on Solicitation of Employees and Former Employees . You agree that you will not, during your employment and for a period of one year following your termination of employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, directly or indirectly solicit, or assist anyone else in the solicitation of, any of the Company's or any of its Affiliates' employees, or former employees who worked for the Company or any of its Affiliates for the purpose of hiring them, engaging them as consultants, or inducing them to leave their employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates. If you are approached by one of the Company's or any of its Affiliates' employees or former employees regarding potential employment, consultation or contract, as described above during the restrictive period of non-solicitation, you must immediately (i) fully inform the employee or former employee of the non-solicitation obligation described above and (ii) refrain from engaging in any communication with the employee or former employee regarding potential employment consultation or contract. 
 (c) Other More Restrictive Covenants . 
 In the event that you are a party to any other agreement with the Company or its Affiliates that restrict you from competing with the Company or soliciting employees or former employees of the Company, then the terms of such covenants, to the extent more restrictive than the covenants set forth in subsections (a) and (b) above, shall be deemed to modify and replace the covenants set forth in subsections (a) and (b) above. 
 (d) Remedies . 
 In the event you breach any of the covenants contained in this Section 9, you recognize that irreparable injury will result to the Company, that the Company's remedy at law for damages will be inadequate, and that the Company shall be entitled to an injunction to restrain the continuing breach by you, your partners, agents, servants or employees, or any other persons or entities acting for or with you. The Company shall further be entitled to damages, reasonable attorney's fees, and all other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement, in addition to any other rights and remedies which the Company may have at law or in equity. 
 In addition to the remedies set forth in the preceding paragraph, you agree that upon your breach of any covenant contained in this Section 9, (i) the Option shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited and (ii) if you have received delivery of shares of Common Stock or cash upon the exercise of the Option under this Agreement within the period beginning six months prior to the date of your termination of employment and ending twelve months following the date of your termination of employment, the Company, in its sole discretion, may require you to return or forfeit such shares (as adjusted for any events described in Section 8 of this Agreement that occurred following the date of vesting) or cash. The Company's right to require forfeiture must be exercised no later than 180 days after the Company acquires actual knowledge of such an activity, but in no event later than twelve months after your termination of employment. Such right shall be deemed to be exercised upon the 

Company's mailing written notice of such exercise to your most recent home address as shown on the personnel records of the Company. 
 If you fail or refuse to forfeit the shares of Common Stock or cash demanded by the Company, you shall be liable to the Company for damages (which, in the case of Common Stock, shall equal the number of shares of Common Stock demanded times the highest closing price per share of the Common Stock during the period between the date of your termination of employment and the date of any judgment or award to the Company, as adjusted for any events described in Section 8 of this Agreement), together with all costs and attorneys' fees incurred by the Company to enforce this provision. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 9 shall have no application following a Change of Control or to the extent prohibited under applicable local law. 
 10. General Provisions . 
 (a) Interpretations . This Agreement is subject in all respects to the terms of the Plan. A copy of the Plan is available upon your request. Terms used herein which are defined in the Plan shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Plan, unless otherwise defined herein. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Any question of administration or interpretation arising under this Agreement shall be determined by the Committee administering the Plan, and such determination shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties in interest. 
 (b) No Rights as a Shareholder . Neither you nor your legal representatives shall have any of the rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company with respect to the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option unless and until such shares are issued upon exercise of the Option. 
 (c) Nature of Grant . 
 (i) The Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement. 
 (ii) The Option is a one-time benefit and does not create any contractual or other right to receive an Award or benefits in lieu of an Award in the future; future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. 
 (iii) You are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 (iv) The Option is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company or the Employer, and which is outside the scope of your employment contract, if any. 
 (v) The Option is not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company or the Employer. 
 (vi) If you are not an employee of the Company, the Option will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company; and furthermore, the Option will not be interpreted to form an employment contract with the Employer or any Affiliate. 
 (vii) This Agreement shall not confer upon you any right to continuation of employment by the Employer, nor shall this Agreement interfere in any way with the Employer's right to terminate your employment at any time, as may be permitted under local law. 
 (viii) The future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 (ix) If you exercise the Option and you obtain shares of Common Stock, the value of those shares of Common Stock acquired may increase or decrease in value. 

(x) In consideration of the Option grant, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the Option or diminution in value of the Option or shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of the Option resulting from termination of your employment (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and you irrevocably release the Company and the Employer from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by accepting the Option, you will be deemed irrevocably to have waived your entitlement to pursue such claim. 
 (d) Option Not Transferable . Except as otherwise provided by the Plan or by the Committee administering the Plan, the Option shall not be transferable other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or to a family member in accordance with Section 6(h)(v) of the Plan and the Option shall be exercisable during your lifetime only by you or, if permissible under applicable law, by your guardian or legal representative. The Option may not be pledged, alienated, attached or otherwise encumbered, and any purported pledge, alienation, attachment or encumbrance of the Option shall be void and unenforceable against the Company. 
 (e) Repatriation; Compliance with Laws . If you are resident or employed outside of the United States, as a condition of the grant of the Option, you are required to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Common Stock and/or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Option) in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). In addition, you are required to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Affiliates, as may be necessary to allow the Company and its Affiliates to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). You are also required to take any and all actions as may be necessary to comply with your personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 
 (f) Securities Matters . The Company shall not be required to deliver any shares of Common Stock until the requirements of any federal, state or foreign securities or other laws, rules or regulations (including the rules of any securities exchange) as may be determined by the Company to be applicable are satisfied. If you are resident or employed outside of the United States, neither the grant of the Option under the Plan nor the issuance of the underlying shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Option is intended to be a public offering of securities in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings to the local securities authorities in jurisdictions outside of the United States unless otherwise required under local law. 
 (g) Legal Requirements and Risks . No employee of the Company or an Affiliate is permitted to advise you on whether you should purchase shares of Common Stock under the Plan. Investment in the Company's shares of Common Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding to acquire shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Option, you should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan and you should carefully review all of the materials related to this Option and the Plan. In addition, you should consult with your own financial advisor and legal advisor for professional investment advice. 
 (h) Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Option by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 (i) Consent to Collection, Processing and Transfer of Personal Data . 
 (i) Pursuant to applicable personal data protection laws, the Company and the Employer hereby notify you of the following in relation to your personal data and the collection, processing and transfer of such data in relation to the Company's grant of this Award and your participation in the Plan. The collection, processing and transfer of your personal data are necessary for the Company's administration of the Plan and your participation in the Plan. Your denial and/or objection to the collection, processing and transfer of personal data may affect your participation in the Plan. You voluntarily acknowledge and consent (where required under applicable law) to the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal data as described herein. 
 (ii) The Company and the Employer hold certain personal information about you, including your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all options or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in 

your favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Data ). The Data may be provided by you or collected, where lawful, from third parties, and the Company will process the Data for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. The Data processing will take place through electronic and non-electronic means according to logics and procedures strictly correlated to the purposes for which Data are collected and with confidentiality and security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations in your country of residence. Data processing operations will be performed minimizing the use of personal and identification data when such operations are unnecessary for the processing purposes sought. Data will be accessible within the Company's organization only by those persons requiring access for purposes of the implementation, administration and operation of the Plan and for your participation in the Plan. 
 (iii) The Company and the Employer will transfer Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of your participation in the Plan, and the Company and the Employer may each further transfer Data to any third parties assisting the Company in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. These recipients may be located in the European Economic Area, or elsewhere throughout the world, such as the United States. You hereby authorize (where required under applicable law) them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and/or the subsequent holding of shares of Common Stock on your behalf to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan. 
 (iv) You may, at any time, exercise your rights provided under applicable personal data protection laws, which may include the right to (a) obtain confirmation as to the existence of the Data, (b) verify the content, origin and accuracy of the Data, (c) request the integration, update, amendment, deletion, or blockage (for breach of applicable laws) of the Data, and (d) oppose, for legal reasons, the collection, processing or transfer of the Data which is not necessary or required for the implementation, administration and/or operation of the Plan and your participation in the Plan. You may seek to exercise these rights by contacting your local HR manager or the Company's Stock Plan Administrator. 
 (j) English Language : If you are resident and/or employed outside of the United States, you acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that the Notice, the Agreement, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Option, be drawn up in English. If you have received the Notice, the Agreement, the Plan or any other documents related to the Option translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 (k) Headings . Headings are given to the sections and subsections of this Agreement solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 (l) Governing Law . The internal law, and not the law of conflicts, of the State of Minnesota will govern all questions concerning the validity, construction and effect of this Agreement. 
 (m) Notices . You should send all written notices regarding this Agreement or the Plan to the Company at the following address: 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. 
 One St. Jude Medical Drive 
 St. Paul, MN 55117 USA 
 Attn.: Stock Plan Administrator 
 (n) Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant . This Agreement is attached to and made part of the Notice and shall have no force or effect unless such Notice is duly executed and delivered by the Company to you and accepted by you through an electronic medium in accordance with procedures established by the Company or, if required under applicable law, by signing and returning a copy of the Notice to the Company. 
 (o) Addendum to Agreement . Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, the Option shall be subject to such special terms and conditions for your country of residence (and country of employment, if different), as are set forth in the addendum to this Agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if you transfer residency and/or employment to another country, any special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Option to the extent the Company 

determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Option and the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). In all circumstances, the Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 (p) Additional Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Option, any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Option, and your participation in the Plan, to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Option and the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring you to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 11. Definitions . 
 (i) Cause shall mean (a) the felony conviction of the employee, (b) the failure of the employee to contest the prosecution of a felony, or (c) the willful misconduct, dishonesty or intentional violation of a statute, rule or regulation by the employee, any of which in the judgment of the Company, is harmful to the business or reputation of the Company. 
 (ii) Change in Control shall mean: 
 (a) the acquisition by any person, entity or group, within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), other than the Company or any of its Affiliates, or any employee benefit plan of the Company and/or one or more of it Affiliates, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 35 or more of either the then outstanding shares of Common Stock or the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding voting securities in a transaction or series of transactions; or 
 (b) individuals who, as of the Grant Date, constitute the Board of Directors of the Company (generally the Directors and as of the Grant Date the Continuing Directors cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, provided that any person becoming a Director subsequent to the Grant Date whose nomination for election was approved in advance by a vote of at least three-quarters of the Continuing Directors (other than a nomination of an individual whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened solicitation with respect to the election or removal of the Directors of the Company, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act) shall be deemed to be a Continuing Director; or 
 (c) the consummation of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution of the Company or of the sale (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. 
 (iii) Disability shall mean total and permanent disability as approved by the Committee administering the Plan. 
 (iv) Early Retirement shall mean retirement with the consent of the Committee. 
 (v) Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events, except for the occurrence of such an event in connection with the termination or reassignment of your employment by the Company for Cause, Disability, Early Retirement, Normal Retirement or death: 
 (a) a material reduction of your status, position or responsibilities with the Company from those in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; 
 (b) a reduction by the Company in your annual base salary or target amount of annual bonus in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; 
 (c) the Company's requiring you to be based anywhere other than within 50 miles of your office location immediately prior to a Change in Control except for required travel on the Company's business to an extent substantially consistent with your business travel obligations immediately prior to the Change in Control; or 
 (d) the failure by the Company to continue to provide you with benefits that are, in the aggregate, at least as favorable as those enjoyed by you under any of the Company's pension, life insurance, medical, health and accident, disability, deferred compensation, incentive, stock, stock purchase, stock option, savings, perk package, vacation or other plans or programs in which you participate that are in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control, except for broad-based changes 

to any such plans or programs that effect all employees of the Company or broad groups of employees who are similarly situated. 
 (vi) Normal Retirement shall mean retirement on or after age 65. 

ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 
 2007 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 AS AMENDED AND RESTATED (2011) 
 
 ADDENDUM TO 
 NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 (GLOBAL) 

The Option is subject to the following additional terms and conditions as set forth in this addendum (the Addendum ). All defined terms as contained in this Addendum shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan and the Agreement. Pursuant to Section 10(o) of the Agreement, to the extent you relocate residence and/or employment to another country, the additional terms and conditions as set forth in the addendum for such country (if any) shall also apply to the Option to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and regulations, or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Option and the Plan (or the Company may establish additional special terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). 
 AUSTRALIA 
 1. Option Conditioned on Satisfaction of Regulatory Obligations . If you are: (a) a director of an Affiliate incorporated in Australia; or (b) a person who is a management-level executive of an Affiliate incorporated in Australia and who also is a director of an Affiliate incorporated outside of Australia, the grant of the Option is conditioned upon satisfaction of the shareholder approval provisions of section 200B of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) in Australia. 
 2. Limitation on Exercise . Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, you may exercise the vested portion of the Option only at such time(s) when the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock equals or exceeds the purchase price, and you may not exercise the vested portion of the Option at any time when the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock is less than the purchase price. 
 CANADA 
 1. No Exercise by Using Previously Owned Shares . Notwithstanding anything in Section 6(b) of the Agreement to the contrary, if you are resident in Canada, you shall not be permitted to use previously-owned shares of Common Stock to pay the purchase price upon exercise of the Option or any applicable withholding taxes due upon exercise. 
 2. Use of English Language (Quebec) . You acknowledge and agree that it is your express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Vous reconnaissez et consentez que c'est votre souhait expr s qui cet accord, de meme que tous documents, toutes notifications et tous proc d s l gaux est entr dans, donn ou institut conform ment ci-annex ou relatant directement ou indirectement ci-annex , est formul dans l'anglais. 
 CHINA 
 1. Award Conditioned on Satisfaction of Regulatory Obligations . If you are a national of the Peoples' Republic of China PRC ), the Option grant is conditioned upon the Company and/or an Affiliate securing all necessary approvals from the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE to permit the operation of the Plan and the participation of PRC nationals employed by the Company or an Affiliate, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 2. Mandatory Cashless Sell-All Exercise . Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary and unless and until the Committee determines otherwise, if you are a PRC national, the method of exercise of the Option shall be limited to mandatory cashless, sell-all exercise. 
 3. Limitations on Exercisability Following Termination if Required by Law . Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the period during which you may exercise the Option following your termination of employment for any reason may be shortened to the extent necessary to comply with local laws, rules and regulations (including, but not limited to, requirements imposed by the SAFE). 

4. Exchange Control Restrictions . You understand and agree that, if you are subject to exchange control laws in China, you will be required to repatriate immediately to China the proceeds from the sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan. You further understand that such repatriation of sale proceeds must be effected through a special bank account established by the Company or its Affiliate, and you hereby consent and agree that proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan may be transferred to such account by the Company on your behalf prior to being delivered to you and that no interest shall be paid with respect to funds held in such account. Sale proceeds may be paid to you in U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company's discretion. If the sale proceeds are paid to you in U.S. dollars, you understand that you must establish and maintain a U.S. dollar bank account in China so that the proceeds may be deposited into such account. If the sale proceeds are paid to you in local currency, you acknowledge that the Company is under no obligation to secure any particular exchange conversion rate and that the Company may face delays in converting the sale proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions. You agree to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the shares of Common Stock are sold and the net proceeds are converted into local currency and distributed to you. You further agree to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company and its Affiliates in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China. 
 5. Administration . The Company shall not be liable for any costs, fees, lost interest or dividends or other losses you may incur or suffer resulting from the enforcement of the terms of this section or otherwise from the Company's operation and enforcement of the terms of the Plan, the Agreement (including this Addendum) and the Award in accordance with Chinese law including, without limitation, any applicable rules, regulations, requirements and approvals issued by the SAFE. 
 DENMARK 
 Treatment of Award upon Termination of Employment . Notwithstanding any provisions in the Agreement to the contrary, the treatment of the Option upon your termination of employment shall be governed by the Act on Stock Options in Employment Relations. 
 FRANCE 
 Use of English Language . You acknowledge and agree that it is your express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Vous reconnaissez et consentez que c'est votre souhait expr s qui cet accord, de meme que tous documents, toutes notifications et tous proc d s l gaux est entr dans, donn ou institut conform ment ci-annex ou relatant directement ou indirectement ci-annex , est formul dans l'anglais. 
 HONG KONG 
 1. Exercise of Option . If, for any reason, the Option vests and becomes exercisable and you exercise the Option within six months of the Grant Date, you agree that you will not dispose of any shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise prior to the six-month anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 2. IMPORTANT NOTICE . The Notice, the Agreement, the Addendum, the Plan and all other materials pertaining to the Option have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you have any doubts about any of the contents of the materials pertaining to the Option, you should obtain independent professional advice. 
 ITALY 
 Mandatory Cashless Sell-All Exercise . Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary and unless and until the Committee determines otherwise, if you are resident in Italy, the method of exercise of the Option shall be limited to mandatory cashless, sell-all exercise. 
 MEXICO 
 1. Commercial Relationship . You expressly recognize that your participation in the Plan and the Company's grant of the Option does not constitute an employment relationship between you and the Company. You have been granted the Option as a consequence of the commercial relationship between the Company and the Affiliate in Mexico that employs you, and the Company's Affiliate in Mexico is your sole employer. Based on the foregoing, (a) you expressly recognize the Plan and the benefits you may derive from your participation in the Plan does not establish any rights between you and the Company's Affiliate in Mexico that employs you, (b) the Plan and the benefits you may derive from your participation in the Plan are not 

part of the employment conditions and/or benefits provided by the Company's Affiliate in Mexico that employs you, and (c) any modifications or amendments of the Plan by the Company, or a termination of the Plan by the Company, shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your employment with the Company's Affiliate in Mexico that employs you. 
 2. Extraordinary Item of Compensation . You expressly recognize and acknowledge that your participation in the Plan is a result of the discretionary and unilateral decision of the Company, as well as your free and voluntary decision to participate in the Plan in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Agreement and this Addendum. As such, you acknowledge and agree that the Company may, in its sole discretion, amend and/or discontinue your participation in the Plan at any time and without any liability. The value of this Award is an extraordinary item of compensation outside the scope of your employment contract, if any. This Award is not part of your regular or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits, or any similar payments, which are the exclusive obligations of the Company's Affiliate in Mexico that employs you. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 Waiver of Termination Rights . As a condition to the grant of the Option, you hereby waive any and all rights to compensation or damages as a result of the termination of employment with the Employer for any reason whatsoever, insofar as those rights result or may result from (a) the loss or diminution in value of such rights or entitlements under the Plan, or (b) your ceasing to have rights under, or ceasing to be entitled to any awards under the Plan as a result of such termination. 
 SINGAPORE 
 Securities Law Information . The grant of the Option under the Plan is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) (the SFA ). The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. You should note that, as a result, the Option is subject to section 257 of the SFA and you will not be able to make: (a) any subsequent sale of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Option in Singapore; or (b) any offer of such subsequent sale of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division 1 Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. 
 SPAIN 
 1. Acknowledgement of Discretionary Nature of the Plan; No Vested Rights . 
 In accepting the Option, you acknowledge that you consent to participation in the Plan and have received a copy of the Plan. 
 You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion granted the Option under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Affiliates throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Affiliates on an ongoing basis. Consequently, you understand that the Option is granted on the assumption and condition that the Option and the shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of the Option shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Affiliates) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. In addition, you understand that this grant would not be made to you but for the assumptions and conditions referenced above. Thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, the Award shall be null and void. 
 You understand and agree that, as a condition of the grant of the Option, unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, any unvested portion of the Option as of the date you cease active employment and any vested portion of the Option not exercised within the post-termination exercise period set out in the Agreement, will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying shares of Common Stock or to any amount of indemnification in the event of the termination of employment. You acknowledge that you have read and specifically accept the conditions referred to in the Agreement regarding the impact of a termination of employment on your Option. 
 2. Termination for Cause . Cause shall be defined in the Agreement, irrespective of whether the termination is or is not considered a fair termination (i.e., despido procedente under Spanish legislation. 

SWEDEN 
 Exercise Procedures . Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement to the contrary, if you are resident in Sweden, the Company may not limit the exercise method of the Option only to a cashless exercise. 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 1. Income Tax and National Insurance Contribution Withholding . The following provision supplements Section 7 of the Agreement: 
 If payment or withholding of the income tax due in connection with the Option is not made within ninety (90) days of the event giving rise to the income tax liability or such other period specified in Section 222(1)(c) of the U.K. Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 (the Due Date ), the amount of any uncollected income tax shall constitute a loan owed by you to the Employer, effective as of the Due Date. You agree that the loan will bear interest at the then-current official rate of Her Majesty's Revenue Customs HMRC ), it shall be immediately due and repayable, and the Company or the Employer may recover it at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 7 of the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), you will not be eligible for a loan from the Company or Employer to cover the income tax liability. In the event that you are a director or executive officer and the income tax is not collected from or paid by you by the Due Date, the amount of any uncollected income tax will constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions NICs will be payable. You will be responsible for reporting any income tax and for reimbursing the Company or Employer the value of any employee NICs due on this additional benefit. 
 2. Exclusion of Claim . You acknowledge and agree that you will have no entitlement to compensation or damages in consequence of the termination of your employment with the Employer for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of contract, insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from your ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to vest in or exercise the Option as a result of such termination, or from the loss or diminution in value of the Option. Upon the grant of the Option, you will be deemed irrevocably to have waived any such entitlement. 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.25>
 5
 exhibit102512292012.htm
 NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT, NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS, 2007 PLAN

Exhibit 10.25 12.29.2012 

EXHIBIT 10.25 
 NOTICE OF NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION GRANT 
 TO NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR 
 (2007 STOCK PLAN) 
 
 This certifies that _________________ has an option to purchase __________________ shares of common stock, par value .10 per share, of St. Jude Medical, Inc., a Minnesota corporation. 
 Social Security Number: ________________________ 
 Address: _____________________________________ 
 Grant Date: __________________________________ 
 Purchase Price Per Share: ______________________ 
 Expiration Date: _______________________________ 
 Exercisable Date: 100 exercisable on _____________ 
 This stock option is governed by, and subject in all respects to, the terms and conditions of the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors, a copy of which is attached to and made a part of this document, and the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, a copy of which is available upon request. This Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant has been duly executed, by manual or facsimile signature, on behalf of St. Jude Medical, Inc. 
 ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 
 By: ________________________________________ 
 Name: ______________________________________ 
 Title: _______________________________________ 

St. Jude medical, INC. 
 2007 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT FOR 
 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 
 This Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement is between St. Jude Medical, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), and you, the person named in the attached Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant (the Notice ). This Agreement is effective as of the date of grant set forth in the attached Notice (the Grant Date ). 
 The Company desires to provide you with an opportunity to purchase shares of the Company's Common Stock, .10 par value (the Common Stock ), as provided in this Agreement in order to carry out the purpose of the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ). 
 Accordingly, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and you hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Grant of Option . 
 The Company hereby grants to you, effective as of the Grant Date, the right and option (the Option to purchase all or any part of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock set forth in the attached Notice, on the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement and in accordance with the terms of the Plan. The Option is not intended to be an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 2. Exercise Price . 
 The per share purchase price of the shares subject to the Option shall be the purchase price per share set forth in the attached Notice (the Exercise Price ). 
 3. Term of Option and Exercisability . 
 The term of the Option shall be for a period of eight years from the Grant Date, terminating at the close of business on the expiration date set forth in the attached Notice (the Expiration Date or such shorter period as is prescribed in Section 5 of this Agreement. The Option shall become exercisable, or vest, on the date or dates and in the amount or amounts set forth in the attached Notice, subject to the provisions of Section 4 and Section 5 of this Agreement. To the extent the Option is exercisable, you may exercise it in whole or in part, at any time, or from time to time, prior to the termination of the Option. 
 4. Change of Control . 
 (a) As used herein, Change of Control shall mean any of the following events: 
 (i) the acquisition by any person, entity or group, within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), other than the Company or any of its Affiliates, or any employee benefit plan of the Company and/or one or more of its Affiliates, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 35 or more of either the then outstanding shares of Common Stock or the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding voting securities in a transaction or series of transactions; or 
 (ii) individuals who, as of the Grant Date, constitute the Board of Directors of the Company (generally the Directors and as of the Grant Date the Continuing Directors cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, provided that any person becoming a Director subsequent to the Grant Date whose nomination for election was approved in advance by a vote of at least three-quarters of the Continuing Directors (other than a nomination of an individual whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened solicitation with respect to the election or removal of the Directors of the Company, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act) shall be deemed to be a Continuing Director; or 
 (iii) the consummation of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution of the Company or of the sale (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. 

(b) In the event of a Change of Control, this Option shall be assumed by the successor corporation, an affiliate thereof or other successor entity or person, or shall replaced with an award or grant that, solely in the discretionary judgment of the Committee, preserves the existing value of this Option at the time of the Change of Control and provides for vesting and settlement terms that are at least as favorable to you as the vesting and payout terms applicable to this Option, and the assumed Option or such substitute therefore shall remain outstanding and shall be governed by its respective terms and shall include the following additional terms: 
 If, within two years after a Change of Control your board service terminates involuntarily for reasons other than Cause, the unvested portion of the Option shall immediately vest and the Option shall become immediately exercisable in full and remain exercisable for one year beginning on the date of your termination of board service. 
 (c) In the discretion of the Committee and notwithstanding subsection (b) above or any other provision, the Option (whether or not exercisable) may be cancelled at the time of the Change of Control in exchange for cash, property or a combination thereof that is determined by the Committee to be at least equal to the excess (if any) of the value of the consideration that would be received in such Change of Control by the holders of Common Stock, over the Exercise Price for the Option. For purposes of clarification, by operation of this provision Options that would not yield a gain at the time of the Change of Control under the aforementioned equation are subject to cancellation without consideration. Furthermore, the Committee is under no obligation to treat Options and/or holders of Options uniformly and has the discretionary authority to treat Options and/or holders of Options disparately. 
 (d) If, in the event of a Change of Control, this Option is not assumed or replaced as provided by subsection (b) above or cancelled in exchange for cash, property or a combination thereof as provided by subsection (c) above, then the unvested portion of the Option shall immediately vest and the Option shall become immediately exercisable in full upon the Change of Control. 
 5. Effect of Termination of Board Service . 
 (a) If your board service terminates by reason of your death, the Option may be exercised at any time within 12 months after the date of your death, to the extent that the Option was exercisable by you on the date of death, by your personal representatives or administrators or by any person or persons to whom the Option has been transferred by will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution, subject to the condition that the Option shall not be exercisable after the Expiration Date of the Option. 
 (b) If your board service terminates by reason of Disability, you may exercise the Option at any time within 12 months after such termination, to the extent that the Option was exercisable by you on the date of such termination, subject to the condition that the Option shall not be exercisable after the Expiration Date of the Option. For purposes of this Section 5, Disability means total and permanent disability as approved by the Committee administering the Plan. 
 (c) If your board service terminates for Cause, the Option shall terminate immediately upon such termination and shall not be exercisable thereafter. For purposes of this Section 5, Cause refers to (i) the felony conviction of the director, (ii) the failure of the director to contest the prosecution of a felony, or (iii) the willful misconduct, dishonesty or intentional violation of a statute, rule or regulation by the director, any of which in the judgment of the Company, is harmful to the business or reputation of the Company. 
 (d) If your board service terminates for any reason other than your death, Disability or for Cause, you may exercise the Option after the date of such termination of service in accordance with its terms to the extent that the Option was exercisable by you on the date of such termination, subject to the condition that the Option shall not be exercisable after the Expiration Date of the Option. 
 6. Method of Exercising Option . 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may exercise your Option by following the procedures established by the Company from time to time. In addition, you may exercise your Option by written notice to the Company as provided in Section 9(h) of this Agreement that states (i) your election to exercise the Option, (ii) the Grant Date of the Option, (iii) the purchase price of the shares, (iv) the number of shares as to which the Option is being exercised and (v) the manner of payment. The notice shall be signed by you or the Person or Persons exercising the Option. The notice shall be accompanied by payment in full of the exercise price for all shares designated in the notice. To the extent that the Option is exercised after your death, the notice of exercise shall also be accompanied by appropriate proof of the right of such Person or Persons to exercise the Option. 

(b) Payment of the exercise price shall be made to the Company through one or a combination of the following methods: 
 (i) 
 cash, in United States currency (including check, draft, money order or wire transfer made payable to the Company); or 
 (ii) 
 delivery (either actual delivery or by attestation) of shares of Common Stock acquired by you more than six months prior to the date of exercise having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the Option exercise price. You shall represent and warrant in writing that you are the owner of the shares so delivered, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, security interests and restrictions, and you shall duly endorse in blank all certificates delivered to the Company. 
 7. Taxes . 
 You acknowledge that you will consult with your personal tax advisor regarding the income tax consequences of exercising the Option or any other matters related to this Agreement. In order to comply with all applicable federal, state, local or foreign income tax laws or regulations, the Company may take such action as it deems appropriate to ensure that all applicable federal, state, local or foreign payroll, withholding, income or other taxes, which are your sole and absolute responsibility, are withheld or collected from you, if and to the extent required by applicable law. 
 8. Adjustments . 
 In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, shares of Common Stock, other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of shares or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase shares or other securities of the Company or other similar corporate transaction or event affects the shares covered by the Option such that an adjustment is necessary in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the attached Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant and this Agreement, then the Committee administering the Plan shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable, adjust any or all of the number and type of the shares covered by the Option and the exercise price of the Option. 
 9. General Provisions . 
 (a) Interpretations . This Agreement is subject in all respects to the terms of the Plan. A copy of the Plan is available upon your request. Terms used herein which are defined in the Plan shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Plan, unless otherwise defined herein. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Any question of administration or interpretation arising under this Agreement shall be determined by the Committee administering the Plan, and such determination shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties in interest. 
 (b) No Rights as a Shareholder . Neither you nor your legal representatives shall have any of the rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company with respect to the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option unless and until such shares are issued upon exercise of the Option. 
 (c) No Right to Board Service . Nothing in this Agreement or the Plan shall be construed as giving you the right to continue to serve on the Company's Board of Directors. 
 (d) Option Not Transferable . Except as otherwise provided by the Plan or by the Committee administering the Plan, the Option shall not be transferable other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or to a family member in accordance with Section 6(h)(v) of the Plan and the Option shall be exercisable during your lifetime only by you or, if permissible under applicable law, by your guardian or legal representative. The Option may not be pledged, alienated, attached or otherwise encumbered, and any purported pledge, alienation, attachment or encumbrance of the Option shall be void and unenforceable against the Company. 
 (e) Securities Matters . The Company shall not be required to deliver any shares of Common Stock until the requirements of any federal or state securities or other laws, rules or regulations (including the rules of any securities exchange) as may be determined by the Company to be applicable are satisfied. 

(f) Headings . Headings are given to the sections and subsections of this Agreement solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 (g) Governing Law . The internal law, and not the law of conflicts, of the State of Minnesota will govern all questions concerning the validity, construction and effect of this Agreement. 
 (h) Notices . You should send all written notices regarding this Agreement or the Plan to the Company at the following address: 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. 
 One St. Jude Medical Drive 
 St. Paul, MN 55117 
 Attn.: Stock Plan Administrator 
 
 (i) Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant . This Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement is attached to and made part of a Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant and shall have no force or effect unless such Notice is duly executed and delivered by the Company to you. 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-10.26>
 6
 exhibit102612292012.htm
 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT AND CERTIFICATE, 2007 PLAN

Exhibit 10.26 12.29.2012 

EXHIBIT 10.26 

ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 2007 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 AS AMENDED AND RESTATED (2011) 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD CERTIFICATE 
 
 This certifies that ________________ is granted a Restricted Stock Award for __________________ shares of Common Stock, .10 par value, of St. Jude Medical, Inc., a Minnesota corporation. 
 Social Security/ID Number: ________________________ 
 Grant Date: ________________________________, 20__ 
 Expiration Date of Restricted Period: _________________ 
 Vesting Schedule: _________________________________ 
 This Restricted Stock Award is governed by, and subject in all respects to, the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, a copy of which is attached to and made a part of this document, and the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated (2011) (the Plan ), a copy of which is available upon request. This Award Certificate has been duly executed, by manual or facsimile signature, on behalf of St. Jude Medical, Inc. To accept this Award, this Award Certificate and the Restricted Stock Award Agreement must be delivered and accepted through an electronic medium in accordance with procedures established by the Company or, if required under applicable law, you must sign and return a copy of this Award Certificate to the Company . By so doing, you acknowledge receipt of the accompanying Restricted Stock Award Agreement and the Plan, and represent that you have read and understood the same and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the accompanying Restricted Stock Award Agreement and the terms and provisions of the Plan. 
 
 ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 
 By: ________________________________________ 
 Name: ______________________________________ 
 Title: _______________________________________ 
 
 RECIPIENT 
 ____________________________________________ 

ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 
 2007 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 This Restricted Stock Award Agreement is between St. Jude Medical, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), and you, the person named in the attached Restricted Stock Award Certificate (the Award Certificate ), who is an employee or a director of the Company. This Agreement is effective as of the date of grant set forth in the attached Award Certificate (the Grant Date ). 
 The Company wishes to award to you a number of shares of the Company's Common Stock, .10 par value (the Common Stock ), subject to certain restrictions as provided in this Agreement, in order to carry out the purpose of the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). All capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. See Section 12 for a list of defined terms. 
 Accordingly, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and you hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Award of Restricted Stock . 
 The Company hereby grants to you, effective as of the Grant Date, an Award of Restricted Stock for that number of shares of Common Stock set forth in the attached Award Certificate (the Shares ), on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Award Certificate and in accordance with the terms of the Plan. 
 2. Rights with Respect to the Shares . 
 With respect to the Shares, you shall be entitled to exercise the rights of a shareholder of Common Stock of the Company, including the right to vote the Shares and the right to receive cash dividends thereon as provided in Section 8 of this Agreement, unless and until the Shares are forfeited pursuant to Section 5 hereof. Your rights with respect to the Shares shall remain forfeitable at all times prior to the date or dates on which such rights become vested, and the restrictions with respect to the Shares lapse, in accordance with Section 3, Section 4 or Section 5 hereof. 
 3. Vesting . 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Shares shall vest, and the restrictions with respect to the Shares shall lapse, on the date or dates and in the amount or amounts set forth in the attached Award Certificate if you remain continuously employed by the Company or if you continuously serve on the Company's Board of Directors until the respective vesting dates. 
 4. Change of Control . 
 (a) In the event of a Change of Control, this Restricted Stock Award Agreement shall be assumed by the successor corporation, an affiliate thereof or other successor entity or person, or shall be replaced with an award or grant that, solely in the discretionary judgment of the Committee, preserves the existing value of this Restricted Stock Award Agreement at the time of the Change of Control and provides for vesting and settlement terms that are at least as favorable to you as the vesting and payout terms applicable to this Restricted Stock Award Agreement, and the assumed Restricted Stock Award Agreement or such substitute therefore shall remain outstanding and shall be governed by its respective terms and shall include the following additional terms: 
 
 If, within two years after a Change of Control you experience an involuntary termination of employment initiated by the Company for reasons other than Cause, or a termination of employment for Good Reason, the unvested portion of the Shares shall immediately vest and the restrictions with respect to such Shares shall lapse. 
 (b) If, in the event of a Change of Control, this Restricted Stock Award Agreement is not assumed or replaced as provided by subsection (a) above, then the unvested portion of the Shares shall immediately vest and the restrictions with respect to such Shares shall lapse upon the Change of Control. 
 
 5. Early Vesting; Forfeiture . 
 If your employment terminates or if you resign or are removed from or otherwise cease to serve on, the Company's Board of Directors prior to the vesting of the Shares pursuant to Section 3 or Section 4 hereof, your rights to all of the unvested Shares shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited, including the right to vote such Shares and the right to receive cash dividends on such Shares, unless otherwise determined by the Committee administering the Plan, except that if you die, become Disabled, or in the case of an employee, terminate employment by reason of Normal Retirement or Early Retirement 

prior to the vesting or forfeiture of all Shares pursuant to Section 3 or Section 4 hereof, you shall become immediately and unconditionally vested in all of the Shares for which vesting has occurred as a result of such event in accordance with the terms of the Award Certificate and your rights to all of the unvested Shares shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the attached Award Certificate, and the restrictions with respect to all such vested Shares shall lapse, on the date of your death, that you become Disabled or you terminate employment by reason of Normal Retirement or Early Retirement. No transfer by will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution of any Shares which vest by reason of your death shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Committee administering the Plan shall have been furnished with written notice of such transfer and a copy of the will or such other evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the transfer. 
 6. Restriction on Transfer . 
 Until the Shares vest pursuant to Section 3, Section 4 or Section 5 hereof, none of the Shares may be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, attached or otherwise encumbered, and no attempt to transfer the Shares, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, shall vest the transferee with any interest or right in or with respect to the Shares. 
 7. Issuance and Custody of Certificates . 
 (a) The Company shall cause the Shares to be issued in your name, either by book-entry registration or issuance of a stock certificate or certificates, which certificate or certificates shall be held by the Company. The Shares shall be restricted from transfer and shall be subject to an appropriate stop-transfer order. If any certificate is issued, the certificate shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the restrictions applicable to the Shares. 
 (b) If any certificate is issued, you shall be required to execute and deliver to the Company a stock power or stock powers relating to the Shares as a condition to the receipt of this Award of Restricted Stock. 
 (c) After any Shares vest pursuant to Section 3, Section 4 or Section 5 hereof, and following payment of the applicable withholding taxes pursuant to Section 9 hereof, the Company shall promptly cause such vested Shares (less any Shares withheld to pay taxes), free of the restrictions and/or legend described in Section 7(a) hereof, to be delivered, either by book-entry registration or in the form of a certificate or certificates, registered in your name or in the names of your legal representatives, beneficiaries or heirs, as the case may be. 
 
 8. Distributions and Adjustments . 
 (a) If any Shares vest subsequent to any change in the number or character of the Common Stock of the Company (through any stock dividend or other distribution, recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of shares or otherwise), you shall then receive upon such vesting the number and type of securities or other consideration which you would have received if such Shares had vested prior to the event changing the number or character of the outstanding Common Stock. 
 (b) Any additional shares of Common Stock of the Company, any other securities of the Company and any other property (except for cash dividends or other cash distributions) distributed with respect to the Shares prior to the date or dates the Shares vest shall be subject to the same restrictions, terms and conditions as the Shares to which they relate and shall be promptly deposited with the Secretary of the Company or a custodian designated by the Secretary. 
 (c) Any cash dividends or other cash distributions payable with respect to the Shares shall be distributed to you at the same time cash dividends or other cash distributions are distributed to shareholders of the Company generally. 
 
 9. Taxes . 
 (a) You acknowledge that you will consult with your personal tax advisor regarding the income tax consequences of the grant of the Shares, payment of dividends on the Shares, the vesting of the Shares and any other matters related to this Agreement. In order to comply with all applicable federal, state, local or foreign income tax laws or regulations, the Company may take such action as it deems appropriate to ensure that all applicable federal, state, local or foreign payroll, withholding, income or other taxes, which are your sole and absolute responsibility, are withheld or collected from you. 
 (b) In accordance with the terms of the Plan, and such rules as may be adopted by the Committee administering the Plan, you may elect to satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligations arising from the receipt of, or the lapse of restrictions relating to, the Shares by (i) delivering cash (including check, draft, money order or wire transfer made payable to the order of the Company), (ii) having the Company withhold a portion of the Shares otherwise to be delivered having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such taxes, or (iii) delivering to the Company shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such taxes. The Company will not deliver any fractional Share but will pay, in lieu thereof, the Fair Market Value of such fractional Share. Your election must be made on or before the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. 
 
 10. Covenants . 
 In consideration of benefits described elsewhere in this Agreement and the attached Award Certificate, and in recognition of the fact that, as a result of your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, you have had or will have 

access to and gain knowledge of highly confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets pertaining to the Company or its Affiliates, as well as the customers, suppliers, joint ventures, distributors or other persons and entities with whom the Company or any of its Affiliates does business Confidential Information ), which the Company or its Affiliates have expended time, resources and money to obtain or develop and which have significant value to the Company and its Affiliates, you agree for the benefit of the Company and its Affiliates, and as a material condition to your receipt of benefits described elsewhere in this Agreement and the attached Award Certificate, as follows: 
 (a) Non-Competition Agreement . In the event of your termination of employment for any reason, whether voluntary or involuntary, you, either personally or through an agent, servant, employee, partner, representative, affiliate or other entity, shall not for a period of one year following termination, without the prior written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, seek or accept employment with or render services to any other person or entity that competes in any sense with the Company or any of its Affiliates in connection with the design, development, manufacture, marketing or sale of any product, process or service that is being designed, developed, manufactured, marketed or sold by the Company or any of its Affiliates and in which you participated in the design, development, manufacture, marketing or sale during your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates or about which you acquired Confidential Information. 
 The preceding paragraph specifically prohibits you from rendering services to a competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates in the capacity as an employee, agent, or representative of a competitor; as a partner, director, officer or shareholder of a competitor; or through any other form of ownership interest in a competitor, including self-employment. This does not prohibit you from holding less than five percent of the issued and outstanding stock of a competitor which is a publicly held corpo ration. The preceding paragraph further specifically prohibits you from rendering services to any company where rendering such services would be expected to require or involve your using or disclosing Confidential Information. 
 (b) Restriction on Solicitation of Employees and Former Employees . You agree that you will not, during your employment and for a period of one year following your termination of employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, directly or indirectly solicit, or assist anyone else in the solicitation of, any of the Company's or any of its Affiliates' employees, or former employees who worked for the Company or any of its Affiliates for the purpose of hiring them, engaging them as consultants, or inducing them to leave their employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates. If you are approached by one of the Company's or any of its Affiliates' employees or former employees regarding potential employment, consultation or contract, as described above during the restrictive period of non-solicitation, you must immediately (i) fully inform the employee or former employee of the non-solicitation obligation described above and (ii) refrain from engaging in any communication with the employee or former employee regarding potential employment consultation or contract. 
 (c) Other More Restrictive Covenants . 
 In the event that you are a party to any other agreement with the Company or its Affiliates that restrict you from competing with the Company or soliciting employees or former employees of the Company, then the terms of such covenants, to the extent more restrictive than the covenants set forth in subsections (a) and (b) above, shall be deemed to modify and replace the covenants set forth in subsections (a) and (b) above. 
 (d) Remedies . 
 In the event you breach any of the covenants contained in this Section 10, you recognize that irreparable injury will result to the Company, that the Company's remedy at law for damages will be inadequate, and that the Company shall be entitled to an injunction to restrain the continuing breach by you, your partners, agents, servants or employees, or any other persons or entities acting for or with you. The Company shall further be entitled to damages, reasonable attorney's fees, and all other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement, in addition to any other rights and remedies which the Company may have at law or in equity. 
 In addition to the remedies set forth in the preceding paragraph, you agree that upon your breach of any covenant contained in this Section 10, (i) the Shares shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited and (ii) if you have received delivery of shares of Common Stock or cash upon the vesting of the Shares under this Agreement within the period beginning six months prior to the date of your termination of employment and ending twelve months following the date of your termination of employment, the Company, in its sole discretion, may require you to return or forfeit such shares (as adjusted for any events described in Section 8 of this Agreement that occurred following the date of vesting) or cash. The Company's right to require forfeiture must be exercised no later than 180 days after the Company acquires actual knowledge of such an activity, but in no event later than twelve months after your termination of employment. Such right shall be deemed to be exercised upon the Company's mailing written notice of such exercise to your most recent home address as shown on the personnel records of the Company. 
 If you fail or refuse to forfeit the shares of Common Stock or cash demanded by the Company, you shall be liable to the Company for damages (which, in the case of Common Stock, shall equal the number of shares of Common Stock demanded times the highest closing price per share of the Common Stock during the period between the date of your 

termination of employment and the date of any judgment or award to the Company, as adjusted for any events described in Section 8 of this Agreement), together with all costs and attorneys' fees incurred by the Company to enforce this provision. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 10 shall have no application following a Change of Control or to the extent prohibited under applicable local law. 
 11. General Provisions . 
 (a) Interpretations . This Agreement is subject in all respects to the terms of the Plan. A copy of the Plan is available upon your request. Terms used herein which are defined in the Plan shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Plan, unless otherwise defined herein. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Any question of administration or interpretation arising under this Agreement shall be determined by the Committee administering the Plan, and such determination shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties in interest. 
 (b) No Right to Employment or Board Service . Nothing in this Agreement or the Plan shall be construed as giving you the right to be retained as an employee of the Company or to continue to serve on the Company's Board of Directors. In addition, the Company may at any time dismiss you from employment, free from any liability or any claim under this Agreement, unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. 
 (c) Securities Matters . The Company shall not be required to deliver any Shares until the requirements of any federal or state securities or other laws, rules or regulations (including the rules of any securities exchange) as may be determined by the Company to be applicable are satisfied. 
 (d) Headings . Headings are given to the sections and subsections of this Agreement solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 (e) Governing Law . The internal law, and not the law of conflicts, of the State of Minnesota will govern all questions concerning the validity, construction and effect of this Agreement. 
 (f) Notices . You should send all written notices regarding this Agreement or the Plan to the Company at the following address: 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. 
 One St. Jude Medical Drive 
 St. Paul, MN 55117 
 Attn.:Stock Plan Administrator 
 
 (g) Award Certificate . This Restricted Stock Award Agreement is attached to and made part of an Award Certificate and shall have no force or effect unless such Award Certificate is duly executed and delivered by the Company to you and accepted by you through an electronic medium in accordance with procedures established by the Company or, if required by applicable law, by signing and returning a copy of the Award Certificate to the Company. 
 
 12. Definitions . 
 (a) Cause shall mean (a) the felony conviction of the employee, (b) the failure of the employee to contest the prosecution of a felony, or (c) the willful misconduct, dishonesty or intentional violation of a statute, rule or regulation by the employee, any of which in the judgment of the Company, is harmful to the business or reputation of the Company. 
 (b) Change in Control shall mean: 
 (i) the acquisition by any person, entity or group, within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), other than the Company or any of its Affiliates, or any employee benefit plan of the Company and/or one or more of it Affiliates, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 35 or more of either the then outstanding shares of Common Stock or the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding voting securities in a transaction or series of transactions; or 
 (ii) individuals who, as of the Grant Date, constitute the Board of Directors of the Company (generally the Directors and as of the Grant Date the Continuing Directors cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, provided that any person becoming a Director subsequent to the Grant Date whose nomination for election was approved in advance by a vote of at least three-quarters of the Continuing Directors (other than a nomination of an individual whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened solicitation with respect to the election or removal of the Directors of the Company, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act) shall be deemed to be a Continuing Director; or 
 (iii) the consummation of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution of the Company or of the sale (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. 

(c) Disability shall mean total and permanent disability as approved by the Committee administering the Plan. 
 (d) Early Retirement shall mean retirement with the consent of the Committee. 
 (e) Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events, except for the occurrence of such an event in connection with the termination or reassignment of your employment by the Company for Cause, Disability, Early Retirement, Normal Retirement or death: 
 (i) a material reduction of your status, position or responsibilities with the Company from those in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; 
 (ii) a reduction by the Company in your annual base salary or target amount of annual bonus in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; 
 (iii) the Company's requiring you to be based anywhere other than within 50 miles of your office location immediately prior to a Change in Control except for required travel on the Company's business to an extent substantially consistent with your business travel obligations immediately prior to the Change in Control; or 
 (iv) the failure by the Company to continue to provide you with benefits that are, in the aggregate, at least as favorable as those enjoyed by you under any of the Company's pension, life insurance, medical, health and accident, disability, deferred compensation, incentive, stock, stock purchase, stock option, savings, perk package, vacation or other plans or programs in which you participate that are in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control, except for broad-based changes to any such plans or programs that effect all employees of the Company or broad groups of employees who are similarly situated. 
 (f) Normal Retirement shall mean retirement on or after age 65. 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.27>
 7
 exhibit102712292012.htm
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AWARD AGREEMENT AND CERTIFICATE, 2007 PLAN

Exhibit 10.27 12.29.2012 

EXHIBIT 10.27 
 ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 2007 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 AS AMENDED AND RESTATED (2011) 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AWARD CERTIFICATE 
 
 This certifies that ______________ is granted a Restricted Stock Units Award for ______________ shares of Common Stock, .10 par value, of St. Jude Medical, Inc., a Minnesota corporation. 
 
 Social Security/ID Number: ________________________ 
 Grant Date: ________________________________, 20__ 
 Expiration Date of Restricted Period: _________________ 
 Vesting Schedule: ________________________________ 
 This Restricted Stock Units Award is governed by, and subject in all respects to, the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement, a copy of which is attached to and made a part of this document, and the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, As Amended and Restated (2011), a copy of which is available upon request. This Award Certificate has been duly executed, by manual or facsimile signature, on behalf of St. Jude Medical, Inc. To accept this Award, this Award Certificate and the Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement must be delivered and accepted through an electronic medium in accordance with procedures established by the Company or, if required under applicable law, you must sign and return a copy of this Award Certificate to the Company. By so doing, you acknowledge receipt of the accompanying Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement and the Plan, and represent that you have read and understood the same and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the accompanying Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement and the terms and provisions of the Plan. 
 
 ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 
 By: ________________________________________ 
 Name: ______________________________________ 
 Title: _______________________________________ 
 
 RECIPIENT 
 ____________________________________________ 

ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 
 2007 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 AS AMENDED AND RESTATED (2011) 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AWARD AGREEMENT 
 (GLOBAL) 

This Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (the Agreement is between St. Jude Medical, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), and you, the person named in the attached Award Certificate who is an employee of the Company or an Affiliate. For purposes of this Agreement, Employer means the entity (the Company or the Affiliate) that employs you on the applicable date. This Agreement is effective as of the date of grant set forth in the attached Award Certificate (the Grant Date ). 
 The Company wishes to award to you Restricted Stock Units representing the opportunity to earn shares of the Company's Common Stock, .10 par value (the Common Stock ), subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, in order to carry out the purpose of the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, As Amended and Restated (2011) (the Plan ). All capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. See Section 13 for a list of defined terms. 
 The terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Units are as follows: 
 1. Award of Restricted Stock Units . 
 As indicated in the Award Certificate, the Company has granted to you, effective as of the Grant Date, an Award of Restricted Stock Units for that number of Restricted Stock Units set forth in the Award Certificate (the Restricted Stock Units ), on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Award Certificate and in accordance with the terms of the Plan. 
 2. Rights with Respect to the Restricted Stock Units . 
 The Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to the attached Award Certificate and this Agreement do not and shall not give you any of the rights and privileges of a shareholder of Common Stock (i.e., voting and/or dividend rights). Your rights with respect to the Restricted Stock Units shall remain forfeitable at all times prior to the date or dates on which such rights become vested, and the restrictions with respect to the Restricted Stock Units lapse, in accordance with Section 3 or Section 4 hereof. 
 3. Vesting . 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest, and the restrictions with respect to the Restricted Stock Units shall lapse, on the date or dates and in the amount or amounts set forth in the attached Award Certificate if you remain continuously employed by the Company or an Affiliate until the respective vesting dates. 
 4. Change of Control . 
 (a) In the event of a Change of Control, the Restricted Stock Units shall be assumed by the successor corporation, an affiliate thereof or other successor entity or person, or shall be replaced with an award or grant that, solely in the discretionary judgment of the Committee, preserves the existing value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Change of Control and provides for vesting and settlement terms that are at least as favorable to you as the vesting and payout terms applicable to the Restricted Stock Units, and the assumed Restricted Stock Units or such substitute therefore shall remain outstanding and shall be governed by its respective terms and shall include the following additional terms: 
 
 If, within two years after a Change of Control you experience an involuntary termination of employment initiated by the Employer for reasons other than Cause, or a termination of employment for Good Reason, the unvested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall immediately vest and the restrictions with respect to such Restricted Stock Units shall lapse. 
 (b) If, in the event of a Change of Control, the Restricted Stock Units are not assumed or replaced as provided by subsection (a) above, then the unvested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall immediately vest and the restrictions with respect to such Restricted Stock Units shall lapse upon the Change of Control. 
 5. Forfeiture . 
 If your employment terminates prior to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units pursuant to Section 3 or Section 4 hereof, your rights to all of the unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited. For purposes of 

this Agreement, your employment shall be considered terminated when you are no longer either an employee of the Company or any Affiliate (including without limitation because the entity that employs you has ceased to be an Affiliate). 
 6. Restriction on Transfer . 
 None of the Restricted Stock Units may be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, attached or otherwise encumbered, and no attempt to transfer the Restricted Stock Units, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, shall vest the transferee with any interest or right in or with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. 
 7. Payment of Restricted Stock Units; Issuance of Common Stock; Right to Settle in Cash . 
 (a) No shares of Common Stock shall be issued to you prior to the date on which the applicable Restricted Stock Units vest in accordance with the terms and conditions of the attached Award Certificate and this Agreement. After any Restricted Stock Units vest pursuant to Section 3 or Section 4 hereof, the Company shall promptly cause to be issued in your name one share of Common Stock for each vested Restricted Stock Unit. Following payment of any applicable withholding taxes pursuant to Section 9 hereof, the Company shall promptly cause the shares of Common Stock to be delivered, either by book-entry registration or in the form of a certificate or certificates, registered in your name or in the names of your legal representatives, beneficiaries or heirs, as the case may be. The Company will not deliver any fractional share of Common Stock but will pay, in lieu thereof, a cash amount equal to the Fair Market Value of such fractional share of Common Stock. 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 7(a), if you are resident or employed outside of the United States the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle the Restricted Stock Units in the form of (i) a cash payment to the extent settlement in shares of Common Stock (1) is prohibited under local law, (2) would require you, the Company and/or an Affiliate to obtain the approval of any governmental and/or regulatory body in your country of residence (or country of employment, if different), (3) would result in adverse tax consequences for you or the Company or an Affiliate or (4) is administratively burdensome; or (ii) shares of Common Stock, but require you to sell any shares of Common Stock immediately or within a specified period following your termination of employment to comply with local rules and regulations (in which case, the Company shall have the authority to issue sales instructions in relation to such shares of Common Stock on your behalf). 
 
 8. Adjustments . 
 If any Restricted Stock Units vest subsequent to any change in the number or character of the Common Stock of the Company (through any stock dividend or other distribution, recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of shares or otherwise), you shall then receive upon such vesting the number and type of securities or other consideration which you would have received if such Restricted Stock Units had vested prior to the event changing the number or character of the outstanding Common Stock. 
 9. Tax and Social Insurance Withholding . 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company and/or the Employer take with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units and the receipt of any dividends and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 (b) In accordance with the terms of the Plan, and such rules as may be adopted by the Committee, if you are resident or employed in the United States, you may elect to satisfy any applicable withholding of Tax-Related Items arising in relation to the Restricted Stock Units by (i) delivering cash (including check, draft, money order or wire transfer made payable to the order of the Company), (ii) having the Company withhold a portion of the shares of Common Stock otherwise to be delivered having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such Tax-Related Items, or (iii) delivering to the Company shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such Tax-Related Items. The Company will not deliver any fractional share of Common Stock but will pay, in lieu thereof, the Fair Market Value of such fractional share of Common Stock. Your election must be made on or before the date that the amount of Tax-Related Items to be withheld is determined. 
 (c) If you are resident or employed outside of the United States, prior to the delivery of shares of Common Stock upon the vesting of your Restricted Stock Units, if your country of residence (and/or your country of employment, if different) requires the withholding of Tax-Related Items, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, you must satisfy any applicable withholding of Tax-Related Items by entering into a same day sale commitment with a broker-dealer that is a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers (an NASD Dealer whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the shares of Common Stock to be delivered under the Award to satisfy such amount and whereby the NASD Dealer irrevocably commits upon receipt of such shares of Common Stock to forward the proceeds equal to such amount directly to the Company or the Employer. Alternatively, the Company may withhold a portion of the shares of Common Stock otherwise to be delivered having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of the Tax-Related Items. In cases where the Fair Market Value of the number 

of whole shares of Common Stock withheld is greater than the minimum Tax-Related Items required to be withheld, the Company shall make a cash payment to you equal to the difference as soon as administratively practicable. The cash equivalent of the shares of Common Stock withheld will be used to settle the obligation to withhold the Tax-Related Items. Furthermore, your Employer may withhold the minimum Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the Restricted Stock Units in cash from your regular salary and/or wages or any other amounts payable to you. 
 (d) In the event the withholding requirements are not satisfied through the means described above, no shares of Common Stock will be issued to you (or your beneficiary) upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units unless and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Committee) have been made by you with respect to the payment of any Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer determines, in its sole discretion, must be withheld or collected with respect to such Restricted Stock Units. 
 (e) You expressly consent to the methods of withholding as provided hereunder and/or any other methods of withholding that the Company and/or Employer take and are permitted under the Plan to meet the withholding and/or other requirements as provided under applicable laws, rules and regulations. All other Tax-Related Items related to the Restricted Stock Units and any shares of Common Stock delivered in payment thereof are your sole responsibility. 
 
 10. Section 409A Provisions . 
 The payment of shares of Common Stock under this Agreement is intended to be exempt from the application of section 409A of the Code Section 409A by reason of the short-term deferral exemption set forth in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4). Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that any shares of Common Stock payable hereunder constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A and such shares are payable by reason of the occurrence of a Change of Control, such amount will not be payable by reason of such circumstance unless the Committee determines in good faith that (i) the circumstances giving rise to such Change of Control meet the definition of a change in ownership or control, disability or separation from service, as the case may be, in Section 409A, or (ii) the payment would be exempt from the application of Section 409A by reason of the short-term deferral exemption or otherwise. Any payment of shares that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A and becomes payable to you on account of your separation from service may not be made before the date which is six months after the date of your separation from service (or if earlier, upon your death) if you are a specified employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code and the payment is not exempt from the application of Section 409A by reason of the short-term deferral exemption or otherwise. 
 11. Covenants . 
 In consideration of benefits described elsewhere in this Agreement and the attached Award Certificate, and in recognition of the fact that, as a result of your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, you have had or will have access to and gain knowledge of highly confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets pertaining to the Company or its Affiliates, as well as the customers, suppliers, joint ventures, distributors or other persons and entities with whom the Company or any of its Affiliates does business Confidential Information ), which the Company or its Affiliates have expended time, resources and money to obtain or develop and which have significant value to the Company and its Affiliates, you agree for the benefit of the Company and its Affiliates, and as a material condition to your receipt of benefits described elsewhere in this Agreement and the attached Award Certificate, as follows: 
 (a) Non-Competition Agreement . In the event of your termination of employment for any reason, whether voluntary or involuntary, you, either personally or through an agent, servant, employee, partner, representative, affiliate or other entity, shall not for a period of one year following termination, without the prior written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, seek or accept employment with or render services to any other person or entity that competes in any sense with the Company or any of its Affiliates in connection with the design, development, manufacture, marketing or sale of any product, process or service that is being designed, developed, manufactured, marketed or sold by the Company or any of its Affiliates and in which you participated in the design, development, manufacture, marketing or sale during your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates or about which you acquired Confidential Information. 
 The preceding paragraph specifically prohibits you from rendering services to a competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates in the capacity as an employee, agent, or representative of a competitor; as a partner, director, officer or shareholder of a competitor; or through any other form of ownership interest in a competitor, including self-employment. This does not prohibit you from holding less than five percent of the issued and outstanding stock of a competitor which is a publicly held corpo-ration. The preceding paragraph further specifically prohibits you from rendering services to any company where rendering such services would be expected to require or involve your using or disclosing Confidential Information. 
 (b) Restriction on Solicitation of Employees and Former Employees . You agree that you will not, during your employment and for a period of one year following your termination of employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, directly or indirectly solicit, or assist anyone else in the solicitation of, any of the Company's or any of its Affiliates' employees, or former employees who worked for the Company or any of its Affiliates for the purpose of hiring them, engaging them as 

consultants, or inducing them to leave their employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates. If you are approached by one of the Company's or any of its Affiliates' employees or former employees regarding potential employment, consultation or contract, as described above during the restrictive period of non-solicitation, you must immediately (i) fully inform the employee or former employee of the non-solicitation obligation described above and (ii) refrain from engaging in any communication with the employee or former employee regarding potential employment consultation or contract. 
 (c) Other More Restrictive Covenants . 
 In the event that you are a party to any other agreement with the Company or its Affiliates that restrict you from competing with the Company or soliciting employees or former employees of the Company, then the terms of such covenants, to the extent more restrictive than the covenants set forth in subsections (a) and (b) above, shall be deemed to modify and replace the covenants set forth in subsections (a) and (b) above. 
 (d) Remedies . 
 In the event you breach any of the covenants contained in this Section 11, you recognize that irreparable injury will result to the Company, that the Company's remedy at law for damages will be inadequate, and that the Company shall be entitled to an injunction to restrain the continuing breach by you, your partners, agents, servants or employees, or any other persons or entities acting for or with you. The Company shall further be entitled to damages, reasonable attorney's fees, and all other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement, in addition to any other rights and remedies which the Company may have at law or in equity. 
 In addition to the remedies set forth in the preceding paragraph, you agree that upon your breach of any covenant contained in this Section 11, (i) the Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited and (ii) if you have received delivery of shares of Common Stock or cash upon the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement within the period beginning six months prior to the date of your termination of employment and ending twelve months following the date of your termination of employment, the Company, in its sole discretion, may require you to return or forfeit such shares (as adjusted for any events described in Section 8 of this Agreement that occurred following the date of vesting) or cash. The Company's right to require forfeiture must be exercised no later than 180 days after the Company acquires actual knowledge of such an activity, but in no event later than twelve months after your termination of employment. Such right shall be deemed to be exercised upon the Company's mailing written notice of such exercise to your most recent home address as shown on the personnel records of the Company. 
 If you fail or refuse to forfeit the shares of Common Stock or cash demanded by the Company, you shall be liable to the Company for damages (which, in the case of Common Stock, shall equal the number of shares of Common Stock demanded times the highest closing price per share of the Common Stock during the period between the date of your termination of employment and the date of any judgment or award to the Company, as adjusted for any events described in Section 8 of this Agreement), together with all costs and attorneys' fees incurred by the Company to enforce this provision. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 11 shall have no application following a Change of Control or to the extent prohibited under applicable local law. 
 12. General Provisions . 
 
 (a) Interpretations . This Agreement is subject in all respects to the terms of the Plan. A copy of the Plan is available upon your request. Terms used herein which are defined in the Plan shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Plan, unless otherwise defined herein. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Any question of administration or interpretation arising under this Agreement shall be determined by the Committee administering the Plan, and such determination shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties in interest. 
 
 (b) Nature of Grant . 
 (i) The Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement. 
 (ii) The grant of Restricted Stock Units is a one-time benefit and does not create any contractual or other right to receive an Award or benefits in lieu of an Award in the future; future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. 
 (iii) You are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 

(iv) A Restricted Stock Unit is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company or the Employer, and which is outside the scope of your employment contract, if any. 
 (v) The Restricted Stock Units are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company or the Employer. 
 (vi) If you are not an employee of the Company, the Restricted Stock Units will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company; and furthermore, the Restricted Stock Units will not be interpreted to form an employment contract with the Employer or any Affiliate. 
 (vii) This Agreement shall not confer upon you any right to continuation of employment by the Employer, nor shall this Agreement interfere in any way with the Employer's right to terminate your employment at any time, as may be permitted under local law. 
 (viii) The future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 (ix) If your Restricted Stock Units vest and you obtain shares of Common Stock, the value of those shares of Common Stock acquired may increase or decrease in value. 
 (x) In consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the Restricted Stock Units or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Units or shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from termination of your employment (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and you irrevocably release the Company and the Employer from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by accepting this Award, you will be deemed irrevocably to have waived your entitlement to pursue such claim. 
 
 (c) Reservation of Shares . The Company shall at all times prior to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units reserve and keep available such number of shares of Common Stock as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of this Agreement. 
 
 (d) Repatriation; Compliance with Laws . If you are resident or employed outside of the United States, you are required, as a condition of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Common Stock and/or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units) in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). In addition, you are required to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Affiliates, as may be necessary to allow the Company and its Affiliates to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). You are also required to take any and all actions as may be necessary to comply with your personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 
 
 (e) Securities Matters . The Company shall not be required to deliver any shares of Common Stock until the requirements of any federal, state or foreign securities or other laws, rules or regulations (including the rules of any securities exchange) as may be determined by the Company to be applicable are satisfied. If you are resident or employed outside of the United States, neither the grant of the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan nor the issuance of the underlying shares of Common Stock upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units is intended to be a public offering of securities in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings to the local securities authorities in jurisdictions outside of the United States unless otherwise required under local law. 
 (f) Legal Requirements and Risks . No employee of the Company or an Affiliate is permitted to advise you on whether you should acquire shares of Common Stock under the Plan. Acquiring shares of Common Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding to acquire shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units, you should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan and you should carefully review all of the materials related to the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan. In addition, you should consult with your own financial advisor and legal advisor for professional investment advice. 
 
 (g) Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Restricted Stock Units by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 

(h) Consent to Collection, Processing and Transfer of Personal Data . 
 (i) Pursuant to applicable personal data protection laws, the Company and the Employer hereby notify you of the following in relation to your personal data and the collection, processing and transfer of such data in relation to the Company's grant of this Award and your participation in the Plan. The collection, processing and transfer of your personal data are necessary for the Company's administration of the Plan and your participation in the Plan. Your denial and/or objection to the collection, processing and transfer of personal data may affect your participation in the Plan. You voluntarily acknowledge and consent (where required under applicable law) to the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal data as described herein. 
 (ii) The Company and the Employer hold certain personal information about you, including your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all options or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Data ). The Data may be provided by you or collected, where lawful, from third parties, and the Company will process the Data for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. The Data processing will take place through electronic and non-electronic means according to logics and procedures strictly correlated to the purposes for which Data are collected and with confidentiality and security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations in your country of residence. Data processing operations will be performed minimizing the use of personal and identification data when such operations are unnecessary for the processing purposes sought. Data will be accessible within the Company's organization only by those persons requiring access for purposes of the implementation, administration and operation of the Plan and for your participation in the Plan. 
 (iii) The Company and the Employer will transfer Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of your participation in the Plan, and the Company and the Employer may each further transfer Data to any third parties assisting the Company in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. These recipients may be located in the European Economic Area, or elsewhere throughout the world, such as the United States. You hereby authorize (where required under applicable law) them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and/or the subsequent holding of shares of Common Stock on your behalf to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan. 
 (iv) You may, at any time, exercise your rights provided under applicable personal data protection laws, which may include the right to (a) obtain confirmation as to the existence of the Data, (b) verify the content, origin and accuracy of the Data, (c) request the integration, update, amendment, deletion, or blockage (for breach of applicable laws) of the Data, and (d) oppose, for legal reasons, the collection, processing or transfer of the Data which is not necessary or required for the implementation, administration and/or operation of the Plan and your participation in the Plan. You may seek to exercise these rights by contacting your local HR manager or the Company's Stock Plan Administrator. 
 
 (i) English Language . If you are resident and/or employed outside of the United States, you acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that the Award Certificate, the Agreement, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units, be drawn up in English. If you have received the Award Certificate, the Agreement, the Plan or any other documents related to the Restricted Stock Units translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 (j) Headings . Headings are given to the sections and subsections of this Agreement solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 
 (k) Governing Law . The internal law, and not the law of conflicts, of the State of Minnesota will govern all questions concerning the validity, construction and effect of this Agreement. 
 
 (l) Notices . You should send all written notices regarding this Agreement or the Plan to the Company at the following address: 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. 
 One St. Jude Medical Drive 
 St. Paul, MN 55117 USA 
 Attn.: Stock Plan Administrator 

(m) Award Certificate . This Agreement is attached to and made part of an Award Certificate and shall have no force or effect unless such Award Certificate is duly executed and delivered by the Company to you and accepted by you through an electronic medium in accordance with procedures established by the Company or, if required by applicable law, by signing and returning a copy of the Award Certificate to the Company. 
 
 (n) Addendum to Agreement . Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such special terms and conditions for your country of residence (and country of employment, if different), as are set forth in the addendum to this Agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if you transfer residency and/or employment to another country, any special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Restricted Stock Units to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). In all circumstances, the Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 (o) Additional Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Restricted Stock Units, any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units, and your participation in the Plan, to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring you to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 13. Definitions. 
 
 (a) Cause shall mean (a) the felony conviction of the employee, (b) the failure of the employee to contest the prosecution of a felony, or (c) the willful misconduct, dishonesty or intentional violation of a statute, rule or regulation by the employee, any of which in the judgment of the Company, is harmful to the business or reputation of the Company. 
 (b) Change in Control shall mean: 
 (i) the acquisition by any person, entity or group, within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), other than the Company or any of its Affiliates, or any employee benefit plan of the Company and/or one or more of it Affiliates, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 35 or more of either the then outstanding shares of Common Stock or the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding voting securities in a transaction or series of transactions; or 
 (ii) individuals who, as of the Grant Date, constitute the Board of Directors of the Company (generally the Directors and as of the Grant Date the Continuing Directors cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, provided that any person becoming a Director subsequent to the Grant Date whose nomination for election was approved in advance by a vote of at least three-quarters of the Continuing Directors (other than a nomination of an individual whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened solicitation with respect to the election or removal of the Directors of the Company, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act) shall be deemed to be a Continuing Director; or 
 (iii) the consummation of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution of the Company or of the sale (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. 
 (c) Disability shall mean total and permanent disability as approved by the Committee administering the Plan. 
 (d) Early Retirement shall mean retirement with the consent of the Committee. 
 (e) Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events, except for the occurrence of such an event in connection with the termination or reassignment of your employment by the Company for Cause, Disability, Early Retirement, Normal Retirement or death: 
 (i) a material reduction of your status, position or responsibilities with the Company from those in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; 

(ii) a reduction by the Company in your annual base salary or target amount of annual bonus in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; 
 (iii) the Company's requiring you to be based anywhere other than within 50 miles of your office location immediately prior to a Change in Control except for required travel on the Company's business to an extent substantially consistent with your business travel obligations immediately prior to the Change in Control; or 
 (iv) the failure by the Company to continue to provide you with benefits that are, in the aggregate, at least as favorable as those enjoyed by you under any of the Company's pension, life insurance, medical, health and accident, disability, deferred compensation, incentive, stock, stock purchase, stock option, savings, perk package, vacation or other plans or programs in which you participate that are in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control, except for broad-based changes to any such plans or programs that effect all employees of the Company or broad groups of employees who are similarly situated. 
 (f) Normal Retirement shall mean retirement on or after age 65. 

ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 
 2007 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 AS AMENDED AND RESTATED (2011) 
 
 ADDENDUM TO 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AWARD AGREEMENT 
 (GLOBAL) 

The Restricted Stock Units are subject to the following additional terms and conditions as set forth in this addendum (the Addendum ). All defined terms as contained in this Addendum shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan and the Agreement. Pursuant to Section 12(n) of the Agreement, to the extent you relocate residence and/or employment to another country, the additional terms and conditions as set forth in the addendum for such country (if any) shall also apply to the Restricted Stock Units to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and regulations, or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan (or the Company may establish additional special terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). 
 
 CANADA (QUEBEC) 
 
 Use of English Language . You acknowledge and agree that it is your express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Vous reconnaissez et consentez que c'est votre souhait expr s qui cet accord, de meme que tous documents, toutes notifications et tous proc d s l gaux est entr dans, donn ou institut conform ment ci-annex ou relatant directement ou indirectement ci-annex , est formul dans l'anglais. 
 
 CHINA 
 Settlement in Cash . Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement to the contrary, pursuant Section 7(b) of the Agreement, your Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in the form of a cash payment. 
 DENMARK 
 
 Treatment of Award upon Termination of Employment . Notwithstanding any provisions in the Agreement to the contrary, the treatment of the Restricted Stock Units upon your termination of employment shall be governed by the Act on Stock Options in Employment Relations. 
 
 FRANCE 
 
 Use of English Language . You acknowledge and agree that it is your express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Vous reconnaissez et consentez que c'est votre souhait expr s qui cet accord, de meme que tous documents, toutes notifications et tous proc d s l gaux est entr dans, donn ou institut conform ment ci-annex ou relatant directement ou indirectement ci-annex , est formul dans l'anglais. 
 
 MEXICO 
 
 1. Commercial Relationship . You expressly recognize that your participation in the Plan and the Company's grant of Restricted Stock Units does not constitute an employment relationship between you and the Company. You have been granted the Restricted Stock Units as a consequence of the commercial relationship between the Company and the Affiliate in Mexico that employs you, and the Company's Affiliate in Mexico is your sole employer. Based on the foregoing, (a) you expressly recognize the Plan and the benefits you may derive from your participation in the Plan does not establish any rights between you and the Company's Affiliate in Mexico that employs you, (b) the Plan and the benefits you may derive from your participation in the Plan are not part of the employment conditions and/or benefits provided by the Company's Affiliate in Mexico that employs you, and (c) any modifications or amendments of the Plan by the Company, or a termination of the Plan by the Company, shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your employment with the Company's Affiliate in Mexico that employs you. 

2. Extraordinary Item of Compensation . You expressly recognize and acknowledge that your participation in the Plan is a result of the discretionary and unilateral decision of the Company, as well as your free and voluntary decision to participate in the Plan in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Agreement and this Addendum. As such, you acknowledge and agree that the Company may, in its sole discretion, amend and/or discontinue your participation in the Plan at any time and without any liability. The value of this Award is an extraordinary item of compensation outside the scope of your employment contract, if any. This Award is not part of your regular or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits, or any similar payments, which are the exclusive obligations of the Company's Affiliate in Mexico that employs you. 
 
 NETHERLANDS 
 
 Waiver of Termination Rights . As a condition to the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, you hereby waive any and all rights to compensation or damages as a result of the termination of employment with the Employer for any reason whatsoever, insofar as those rights result or may result from (a) the loss or diminution in value of such rights or entitlements under the Plan, or (b) your ceasing to have rights under, or ceasing to be entitled to any awards under the Plan as a result of such termination. 
 
 SINGAPORE 
 
 Securities Law Information . The grant of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) (the SFA ). The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. You should note that, as a result, the Restricted Stock Units are subject to section 257 of the SFA and you will not be able to make: (a) any subsequent sale of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units in Singapore; or (b) any offer of such subsequent sale of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division 1 Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. 
 
 SPAIN 
 
 Acknowledgement of Discretionary Nature of the Plan; No Vested Rights . 
 
 In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge that you consent to participation in the Plan and have received a copy of the Plan. You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion granted the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Affiliates throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Affiliates on an ongoing basis. Consequently, you understand that the Restricted Stock Units are granted on the assumption and condition that the Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Affiliates) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. In addition, you understand that this grant would not be made to you but for the assumptions and conditions referenced above. Thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, the Award shall be null and void. 
 
 You understand and agree that, as a condition of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, any unvested portion of the Restricted Stock Units as of the date you cease active employment will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying shares of Common Stock or to any amount of indemnification in the event of the termination of employment by reason of, but not limited to, (i) material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers' Statute or (ii) relocation under Article 40 of the Workers' Statute. You acknowledge that you have read and specifically accept the conditions referred to in the Agreement regarding the impact of a termination of employment on your Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 
 1. Income Tax and National Insurance Contribution Withholding . The following provision supplements Section 9 of the Agreement: 
 
 If payment or withholding of the income tax due in connection with the Restricted Stock Units is not made within ninety (90) days of the event giving rise to the income tax liability or such other period specified in Section 222(1)(c) of the U.K. Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 (the Due Date ), the amount of any uncollected income tax shall constitute a loan owed by you to the Employer, effective as of the Due Date. You agree that the loan will bear interest at the then-current official rate of Her Majesty's Revenue Customs HMRC ), it shall be immediately 

due and repayable, and the Company or the Employer may recover it at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 9 of the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), you will not be eligible for a loan from the Company or Employer to cover the income tax liability. In the event that you are a director or executive officer and the income tax is not collected from or paid by you by the Due Date, the amount of any uncollected income tax will constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions NICs will be payable. You will be responsible for reporting any income tax and for reimbursing the Company or Employer the value of any employee NICs due on this additional benefit. 
 
 2. Exclusion of Claim . You acknowledge and agree that you will have no entitlement to compensation or damages in consequence of the termination of your employment with the Employer for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of contract, insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from your ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to vest in the Restricted Stock Units as a result of such termination, or from the loss or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, you will be deemed irrevocably to have waived any such entitlement. 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.35>
 8
 exhibit103512292012.htm
 FORM OF SEVERANCE AGREEMENT FOR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

Exhibit 10.35 12.29.2012 

EXHIBIT 10.35 
 SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 This agreement (this Agreement is made as of the ______ day of _____________, 20___, between St. Jude Medical, Inc., a Minnesota corporation, with its principal offices at One St. Jude Medical Drive, St. Paul, Minnesota 55117 (the Company and ________ Executive ), residing at _______________________. 
 
 WITNESSETH THAT: 
 
 WHEREAS, this Agreement is intended to specify the financial arrangements that the Company will provide to Executive upon Executive's separation from employment with the Company under any of the circumstances described herein; and 
 WHEREAS, this Agreement is entered into by the Company in the belief that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to provide stable conditions of employment for Executive notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of certain types of change in control, thereby enhancing the Company's ability to attract and retain highly qualified people. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, to assure the Company that it will have the continued dedication of Executive notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of a bid to take over control of the Company, and to induce Executive to remain in the employ of the Company, and for other good and valuable consideration, the Company and Executive agree as follows: 
 1. Term of Agreement . The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof as first written above and shall continue through January 1, 20__; provided that commencing on January 1, 20__ and each January 1st thereafter, during Executive's employment by the Company, the term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for one additional year (an Annual Extension unless not later than December 31 of the preceding year, the Company shall have given notice that it does not wish to extend this Agreement; and provided , further , that notwithstanding any such notice by the Company not to extend, this Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of 24 months (the Extended Period beyond the term and any Annual Extensions thereof if a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3(i) hereof) shall have occurred during the Extended Period. As used in this Agreement, Term shall mean the term provided for in this Section 1 as extended by any Annual Extension and by the Extended Period. 
 
 2. Termination of Employment . 
 
 (i) Prior to a Change in Control . Executive's rights upon termination of employment prior to a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3(i) hereof) shall be governed by the Company's standard employment termination policy applicable to Executive in effect at the time of termination or, if applicable, any written employment agreement between the Company and Executive other than this Agreement in effect at the time of termination. 
 
 (ii) After a Change in Control . 
 (a) From and after the date of a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3(i) hereof) during the Term of this Agreement, the Company shall not terminate Executive from employment with the Company except as provided in this Section 2(ii) or as a result of Executive's Disability (as defined in Section 3(iv) hereof), Retirement (as defined in Section 3(v) hereof) or death. 
 
 (b) From and after the date of a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3(i) hereof) during the Term of this Agreement, the Company shall have the right to terminate Executive from employment with the Company at any time during the Term of this Agreement for Cause (as defined in Section 3(iii) hereof), by written notice to Executive, specifying the particulars of the conduct of Executive forming the basis for such termination. 
 
 (c) From and after the date of a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3(i) hereof) during the Term of this Agreement: (x) the Company shall have the right to terminate Executive's employment without Cause (as defined in Section 3(iii) hereof), at any time; and (y) Executive shall, upon the occurrence of such a termination by the Company without Cause, or upon the voluntary termination of Executive's employment by Executive for Good Reason (as defined in Section 3(ii) hereof), be entitled to receive the benefits provided in Section 4 hereof. Executive shall evidence a 

voluntary termination for Good Reason by written notice to the Company given within 60 days after the date of the occurrence of any event that Executive knows or should reasonably have known constitutes Good Reason for voluntary termination. Such notice need only identify Executive and set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed by Executive to constitute Good Reason. Any notice given by Executive pursuant to this Section 2 shall be effective five business days after the date it is given by Executive. For purposes of this Agreement, a termination of Executive's employment shall be effective as of the Separation Date. 
 
 3. Definitions . 
 
 (i) A Change in Control shall mean: 
 
 (a) a change in control of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or successor provision thereto, whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement; 
 
 (b) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 35 or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities; 
 
 (c) the Continuing Directors (as defined in Section 3(vi) hereof) cease to constitute a majority of the Company's Board of Directors; provided that such change is the direct or indirect result of a proxy fight and contested election or elections for positions on the Board of Directors; or 
 
 (d) the majority of the Continuing Directors (as defined in Section 3(vi) hereof), excluding any Continuing Director who has this Severance Agreement, determine in their sole and absolute discretion that there has been a change in control of the Company. 
 
 (ii) Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events, except for the occurrence of such an event in connection with the termination or reassignment of Executive's employment by the Company for Cause (as defined in Section 3(iii) hereof), for Disability (as defined in Section 3(iv) hereof), for Retirement (as defined in Section 3(v) hereof) or for death: 
 (a) a material reduction of Executive's status, position or responsibilities with the Company from those in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; 
 (b) a reduction by the Company in Executive's annual base salary or target amount of annual bonus in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; 
 (c) the Company's requiring Executive to be based anywhere other than within 50 miles of Executive's office location immediately prior to a Change in Control except for required travel on the Company's business to an extent substantially consistent with Executive's business travel obligations immediately prior to the Change in Control; 
 (d) the failure by the Company to continue to provide Executive with benefits that are, in the aggregate, at least as favorable as those enjoyed by Executive under any of the Company's pension, life insurance, medical, health and accident, disability, deferred compensation, incentive, stock, stock purchase, stock option, savings, perk package, vacation or other plans or programs in which Executive participates that are in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control, except for broad-based changes to any such plans or programs that effect all employees of the Company or broad groups of employees who are similarly situated; or 
 (e) the failure of the Company to obtain, as specified in Section 6(i) hereof, an assumption of the obligations of the Company to perform this Agreement by any successor to the Company. 
 (iii) Cause shall mean termination by the Company of Executive's employment based upon the conviction of Executive by a court of competent jurisdiction for felony criminal conduct. 
 
 (iv) Disability shall mean that, as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental illness, Executive shall have been absent from the full-time performance of Executive's duties with the Company for six consecutive months, and within 30 days after written notice of termination is given, Executive shall not have returned to the full-time performance of Executive's duties. Any question as to the existence of Executive's Disability upon which Executive and the Company cannot agree shall be determined by a qualified independent physician selected by Executive (or, if Executive is unable to make such 

selection, it shall be made by any adult member of Executive's immediately family), and approved by the Company. The determination of such physician made in writing to the Company and to Executive shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 (v) Retirement shall mean termination on or after attaining normal retirement age in accordance with the Company's Profit Sharing Employee Savings Plan and Trust. 
 
 (vi) Continuing Director shall mean any person who is a member of the Board of Directors of the Company, while such person is a member of the Board of Directors, and who (a) was a member of the Board of Directors on the date of this Agreement as first written above or (b) subsequently becomes a member of the Board of Directors, if such person's nomination for election or initial election to the Board of Directors is recommended or approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors. 
 
 (vii) Separation Date shall mean the date on which Executive separates from service with the Company, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 4. Benefits upon Termination under Section 2(ii)(c) . 
 
 (i) Upon the termination (voluntary or involuntary) of the employment of Executive pursuant to Section 2(ii)(c) hereof, Executive shall be entitled to receive the benefits specified in this Section 4. Subject to the provisions of Section 4(ii) hereof, all benefits to Executive pursuant to this Section 4(i) shall be subject to any applicable payroll or other taxes required by law to be withheld. 
 (a) The Company shall pay Executive, through the Separation Date, Executive's base salary as in effect at the time of the notice of termination is given and any other form or type of compensation otherwise payable for such period. Subject to Section 14, such payment shall be made in a lump sum cash payment on the Separation Date. Executive shall be entitled to receive all benefits payable to Executive under the Company's Profit Sharing Employee Savings Plan and Trust or any successor of such Plan and any other plan or agreement relating to retirement benefits which shall be in addition to, and not reduced by, any other amounts payable to Executive under this Section 4. Executive shall be entitled to exercise all rights and to receive all benefits accruing to Executive under any and all Company stock purchase plans, stock option plans and other stock plans or programs, or any successor to any such plans or programs, which shall be in addition to, and not reduced by, any other amounts payable to Executive under this Section 4. 
 
 (b) In lieu of any further salary payments for periods subsequent to the Separation Date, the Company shall pay a severance payment in an amount equal to 2.9 times Executive's Annual Compensation, as defined below. Subject to Section 14, such payment shall be made in a lump sum cash payment on the Separation Date. 
 
 For purposes of this Section 4, Annual Compensation shall mean Executive's annual salary (regardless of whether all or any portion of such salary has been contributed to a deferred compensation plan), and the target bonus for which Executive is eligible upon attainment of 100 of the target (regardless of whether such target bonus has been achieved or whether conditions of such target bonus are actually fulfilled). All of the factors included in Annual Compensation shall be those in effect on the Separation Date and shall be calculated without giving effect to any reduction in such compensation that would constitute a breach of this Agreement. 
 
 (c) For a period of 36 months following the Separation Date or until Executive reaches age 65 or dies, whichever is the shorter period, the Company shall arrange to provide for Executive, at the Company's expense, the health, accident, disability and life insurance benefits substantially similar to those in effect for Executive immediately prior to the Separation Date. 
 
 (d) The Company shall pay to Executive (1) any amount earned by Executive as a bonus with respect to the fiscal year of the Company preceding the termination of Executive's employment if such bonus has not theretofore been paid to Executive, subject to any applicable deferral election in effect for Executive, and (2) an amount representing credit for any vacation earned or accrued by Executive but not taken. Subject to Section 14, such payment shall be made in a lump sum cash payment on the Separation Date. 
 
 (e) The Company shall also pay to Executive all legal fees and expenses incurred by Executive during his or her lifetime as a result of such termination of employment (including all fees and expenses, if any, incurred by Executive in contesting or disputing any such termination or in seeking to obtain or enforce any right or benefit provided to Executive by this Agreement whether by arbitration or otherwise). Such payments shall be made within five (5) business days after delivery of Executive's written requests for payment accompanied with such evidence of fees and expenses incurred as the 

Company reasonably may require. In order to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as may be amended from time to time (the Code ), (i) Executive must submit an invoice for fees and expenses reimbursable under this Section at least ten (10) business days before the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which such fees and expenses were incurred; (ii) the amount of any legal fees and expenses that the Company is obligated to pay in any given calendar year shall not affect the legal fees and expenses that the Company is obligated to pay in any other calendar year and (iii) Executive's right to have the Company pay such legal fees and expenses may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit. 
 (ii) Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, the amount of any payment, distribution or benefit made or provided by the Company to or for the benefit of Executive in connection with a Change in Control or the termination of Executive's employment with the Company, whether payable pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement between Executive and the Company or with any person constituting a member of an affiliated group (as defined in Section 280G(d)(5) of the Code with the Company or with any person whose actions result in a Change in Control (such foregoing payments or benefits referred to collectively as the Total Payments ), shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the amount, if any, necessary to prevent any part of the Total Payments from being treated as an excess parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code, but only if and to the extent such reduction will also result in, after taking into account all applicable state and federal taxes (computed at the highest marginal rate) including Executive's share of F.I.C.A. and Medicare taxes and any taxes payable pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code, a greater after-tax benefit to Executive than the after-tax benefit to Executive of the Total Payments computed without regard to any such reduction. For purposes of the foregoing, (i) no portion of the Total Payments shall be taken into account which in the opinion of tax counsel selected by the Company and acceptable to Executive does not constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of section 280G(b)(2) of the Code; (ii) any reduction in payments shall be computed by taking into account that portion of Total Payments which constitute reasonable compensation within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4) of the Code in the opinion of such tax counsel; (iii) the value of any non-cash benefit or of any deferred cash payment included in the Total Payments shall be determined by the Company in accordance with the principles of Section 280G(d)(3)(iv) of the Code; and (iv) in the event of any uncertainty as to whether a reduction in Total Payments to Executive is required pursuant to this paragraph, the Company shall initially make the payment to Executive and Executive shall be required to refund to the Company any amounts ultimately determined not to have been payable under the terms of this Section 4(ii). 
 
 Executive will be permitted to provide the Company with written notice specifying which of the Total Payments will be subject to reduction or elimination (the Reduction Notice ). But, if Executive's exercise of authority pursuant to the Reduction Notice would cause any Total Payments to become subject to any taxes or penalties pursuant to Section 409A of the Code or if Executive fails to timely provide the Company with the Reduction Notice, then the Company will reduce or eliminate the Total Payments in the following order: (i) first, by reducing or eliminating the portion of the Total Payments that are payable in cash; and (ii) second, by reducing or eliminating the non-cash portion of the Total Payments, in each case, in reverse chronological order beginning with payments or benefits under the most recently dated agreement, arrangement or award, but in all events such chronology shall be applied in such a manner so as to produce the least amount of reduction necessary. Except as set forth in this Section 4(ii), any Reduction Notice will take precedence over the provisions of any other plan, arrangement or agreement governing Executive's rights and entitlements to any benefits or compensation. 
 (iii) Any payment not made to Executive when due hereunder shall thereafter, until paid in full, bear interest at the rate of interest equal to the reference rate announced from time to time by Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, National Association, plus two percent, with such interest to be paid to Executive upon demand or monthly in the absence of a demand. 
 (iv) Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Section 4 by seeking other employment or otherwise. The amount of any payment or benefit provided in this Section 4 shall not be reduced by any compensation earned by Executive as a result of any employment by another employer, by any retirement benefits or otherwise. 
 5. Executive's Agreements . 
 Executive agrees that: 
 (i) Without the consent of the Company, Executive will not terminate employment with the Company without giving 30 days prior notice to the Company, and during such 30-day period Executive will assist the Company, as and to the extent reasonably requested by the Company, in training the successor to Executive's position with the Company. The provisions of this Section 5(i) shall not apply to any termination (voluntary or involuntary) of the employment of Executive pursuant to Section 2(ii)(c) hereof. 
 
 (ii) In the event that Executive has received any benefits from the Company under Section 4 of this Agreement, then, during the period of 36 months following the Separation Date, Executive, upon request by the Company: 

(a) Will consult with one or more of the executive officers concerning the business and affairs of the Company for not to exceed four hours in any month at times and places selected by Executive as being convenient to him, all without compensation other than what is provided for in Section 4 of this Agreement; and 
 
 (b) Will testify as a witness on behalf of the Company in any legal proceedings involving the Company which arise out of events or circumstances that occurred or existed prior to the Separation Date (except for any such proceedings relating to this Agreement), without compensation other than what is provided for in Section 4 of this Agreement, provided that all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Executive in connection with serving as a witness shall be paid by the Company. 
 Executive shall not be required to perform Executive's obligations under this Section 5(ii) if and so long as the Company is in default with respect to performance of any of its obligations under this Agreement. 
 6. Successors and Binding Agreement . 
 
 (i) The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), by agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Executive, to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. Failure of the Company to obtain such agreement prior to the effectiveness of any such succession shall be a breach of this Agreement and, if the transaction resulting in such succession constitutes a change in control event within the meaning of Treasury Regulations under Section 409A of the Code, shall entitle Executive to compensation from the Company in the same amount and on the same terms as Executive would be entitled hereunder if Executive terminated employment after a Change in Control for Good Reason, except that for purposes of implementing the foregoing, the date on which any such succession becomes effective shall be deemed the Separation Date. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean the Company and any successor to its business and/or assets which executes and delivers the agreement provided for in this Section 6(i) or which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by operation of law. 
 
 (ii) This Agreement is personal to Executive, and Executive may not assign or transfer any part of Executive's rights or duties hereunder, or any compensation due to him hereunder, to any other person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive's personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees, and legatees. 
 
 7. Modification; Waiver . No provisions of this Agreement may be modified, waived, or discharged unless such waiver, modification, or discharge is agreed to in a writing signed by Executive and such officer as may be specifically designated by the Board of Directors of the Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 
 
 8. Notice . All notices, requests, demands, and all other communications required or permitted by either party to the other party by this Agreement (including, without limitation, any notice of termination of employment and any notice of an intention to arbitrate) shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered personally or received by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, at the address of the other party, as first written above (directed to the attention of the Board of Directors and Corporate Secretary in the case of the Company). Either party hereto may change its address for purposes of this Section 8 by giving 15 days prior notice to the other party hereto. 
 9. Severability . If any term or provision of this Agreement or the application hereof to any person or circumstances shall to any extent be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement or the application of such term or provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable shall not be affected thereby, and each term and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 
 10. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 11. Governing Law . This Agreement has been made in the State of Minnesota and shall, in all respects, be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Minnesota, including all matters of construction, validity and performance. 
 
 12. Effect of Agreement; Entire Agreement . The Company and Executive understand and agree that this Agreement is intended to reflect their agreement only with respect to payments and benefits upon termination in certain cases 

and is not intended to create any obligation on the part of either party to continue employment. This Agreement supersedes any and all other oral or written agreements or policies made relating to the subject matter hereof and constitutes the entire agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof; provided that this Agreement shall not supersede or limit in any way (i) Executive's rights under any benefit plan, program or arrangements in accordance with their terms (other than the provisions of the Company's policy [HR-1.02.25 entitled Severance Pay, effective January 1, 1994, as amended from time to time,] or any successor to such policy, to the extent that payments are made hereunder) or (ii) Executive's obligations under any noncompetition, nonsolicitation, confidentiality or other restrictive covenant to which Executive is bound. 
 
 13. ERISA . For purposes of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, this Agreement is intended to be a severance pay employee welfare benefit plan, and not an employee pension benefit plan, and shall be construed and administered with that intention. 
 
 14. Section 409A . This Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and shall be interpreted and construed consistently with such intent. The payments to Executive pursuant to this Agreement are also intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code to the maximum extent possible, under either the separation pay exemption pursuant to Treasury regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) or as short-term deferrals pursuant to Treasury regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4), and for purposes of such exemptions each payment under the Agreement shall be considered a separate payment. In the event the terms of this Agreement would subject Executive to taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Code 409A Penalties ), the Company and Executive shall cooperate diligently to amend the terms of the Agreement to avoid such 409A Penalties, to the extent possible. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, if Executive is a specified employee, as defined in Section 409A of the Code, as of the date of Executive's separation from service, then to the extent any amount payable under this Agreement (i) constitutes the payment of nonqualified deferred compensation, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, (ii) is payable upon Executive's separation from service and (iii) under the terms of this Agreement would be payable prior to the six-month anniversary of Executive's separation from service, such payment shall be delayed until the earlier to occur of (a) the six-month anniversary of the separation from service or (b) the date of Executive's death. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed in its name by a duly authorized officer, and Executive has hereunto set his or her hand, all as of the date first written above. 
 ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 
 By: ________________________________________ 
 Its: ________________________________________ 
 
 EXECUTIVE 
 ____________________________________________ 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-12>
 9
 exhibit1212292012.htm
 COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

Exhibit 12 12.29.2012 

EXHIBIT 12 
 ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 
 COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 
 (amounts in millions of dollars) 

FISCAL YEAR 

2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 
 
 2008 
 EARNINGS 

Earnings before income taxes 

1,005 

1,019 

1,208 

1,057 

581 
 
 Plus fixed charges: 

Interest expense (1) 
 
 73 

70 

67 

46 

73 
 
 Rent interest factor (2) 
 
 15 

15 

12 

11 

9 
 
 TOTAL FIXED CHARGES 
 
 88 

85 

79 

57 

82 
 
 EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES AND FIXED CHARGES 

1,093 

1,104 

1,287 

1,114 

663 
 
 RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 
 
 12.4 

13.0 

16.3 

19.5 

8.1 

(1) 
 Interest expense consists of interest on indebtedness and amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 (2) 
 Approximately one-third of rental expense is deemed representative of the interest factor. 

</EX-12>

<EX-13>
 10
 stj-20121229exhibit13.htm
 PORTIONS OF ST. JUDE MEDICAL'S 2012 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS

STJ-2012.12.29 Exhibit 13 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT 13 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Our business is focused on the development, manufacture and distribution of cardiovascular medical devices for the global cardiac rhythm management, cardiovascular and atrial fibrillation therapy areas and implantable neurostimulation medical devices for the management of chronic pain. We sell our products in more than 100 countries around the world. Our largest geographic markets are the United States, Europe, Japan and Asia Pacific. Our principal products in each therapy area are as follows: Cardiac Rhythm Management tachycardia implantable cardioverter defibrillator systems (ICDs) and bradycardia pacemaker systems (pacemakers); Cardiovascular vascular products, which include vascular closure products, pressure measurement guidewires, optical coherence tomography (OCT) imaging products, vascular plugs and other vascular accessories, and structural heart products, which include heart valve replacement and repair products and structural heart defect devices; Atrial Fibrillation electrophysiology (EP) introducers and catheters, advanced cardiac mapping, navigation and recording systems and ablation systems; and Neuromodulation neurostimulation products, which include spinal cord and deep brain stimulation devices. References to St. Jude Medical, St. Jude, the Company, we, us and our are to St. Jude Medical, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 On August 30, 2012, we announced the realignment of our product divisions into two new operating divisions: the Cardiovascular and Ablation Technologies Division (CATD) (combining our legacy Cardiovascular (CV) and Atrial Fibrillation (AF) product divisions) and the Implantable Electronic Systems Division (IESD) (combining our Cardiac Rhythm Management (CRM) and Neuromodulation (NMD) product divisions). In addition, we centralized certain support functions, including information technology, human resources, legal, business development and certain marketing functions. The organizational changes are part of a comprehensive plan to accelerate our growth, reduce costs, leverage economies of scale and increase investment in product development. While this divisional realignment was effective August 30, 2012, we have continued to report under our legacy operating segment structure for internal management financial forecasting and reporting purposes through the end of fiscal year 2012. We will report under the new organizational structure effective the beginning of fiscal year 2013. 
 Our industry has undergone significant consolidation in the last decade and is highly competitive. Our strategy requires significant investment in research and development in order to introduce new products. We are focused on improving our operating margins through a variety of techniques, including the production of high quality products, the development of leading edge technology, the enhancement of our existing products and continuous improvement of our manufacturing processes. We expect competitive pressures in the industry, global economic conditions, cost containment pressure on healthcare systems and the implementation of U.S. healthcare reform legislation to continue to place downward pressure on prices for our products, impact reimbursement for our products and potentially reduce medical procedure volumes. 
 In March 2010, significant U.S. healthcare reform legislation, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) along with the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, was enacted into law. As a U.S. headquartered company with significant sales in the United States, this health care reform law will materially impact us. Certain provisions of the health care reform are not effective for a number of years and there are many programs and requirements for which the details have not yet been fully established or consequences not fully understood, and it is unclear what the full impact will be from the legislation. The law does levy a 2.3 excise tax on all U.S. medical device sales beginning in 2013. Our U.S. net sales represented approximately 47 of our worldwide consolidated net sales in 2012 and we expect the new tax will materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. The law also focuses on a number of Medicare provisions aimed at improving quality and decreasing costs. It is uncertain at this point what impact these provisions will have on patient access to new technologies. The Medicare provisions also include value-based payment programs, increased funding of comparative effectiveness research, reduced hospital payments for avoidable readmissions and hospital acquired conditions, and pilot programs to evaluate alternative payment methodologies that promote care coordination (such as bundled physician and hospital payments). Additionally, the law includes a reduction in the annual rate of inflation for hospitals that began in 2011 and the establishment of an independent payment advisory board to recommend ways of reducing the rate of growth in Medicare spending beginning in 2014. We cannot predict what healthcare programs and regulations will be ultimately implemented at the federal or state level, or the effect of any future legislation or regulation. However, any changes that lower reimbursement for our products or reduce medical procedure volumes could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We participate in several different medical device markets, each of which has its own expected growth rate. A significant portion of our net sales relate to CRM devices ICDs and pacemakers. During early March 2010, a principal competitor in the CRM market, Boston Scientific, Inc. (Boston Scientific), suspended sales of its ICD products in the United States. Although Boston Scientific resumed sales in mid-April 2010, we experienced an incremental ICD net sales benefit of approximately 40 million during 2010. During 2011, the ICD market in the United States was negatively impacted by a decline in implant 
 1 

 Table of Contents 

 volumes and pricing resulting from the publication of an ICD utilization article in January 2011 in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) and subsequent hospital investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ). During the current year, the U.S. ICD market has continued to experience these negative impacts and we estimate the 2012 U.S. ICD market has contracted at a mid single-digit percentage rate from the 2011 comparable period. While the long-term impact on the CRM market is uncertain, management remains focused on increasing our worldwide CRM market share, as we are one of three principal manufacturers and suppliers in the global CRM market. We are also investing in our other therapy areas cardiovascular, atrial fibrillation and neuromodulation to increase our market share in these markets and grow sales through continued market penetration. 
 We utilize a 52/53-week fiscal year ending on the Saturday nearest December 31st. Fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010 consisted of 52 weeks and ended on December 29, 2012, December 31, 2011 and January 1, 2011, respectively. 
 Net sales in 2012 decreased 2 from 2011 as unfavorable foreign currency translation decreased our net sales by 137 million, or 2 . Our 2012 CRM net sales of 2,854 million decreased 6 compared to the prior year due to continued ICD market contraction in the United States and unfavorable foreign currency translation of 74 million. Our 2012 CV net sales of 1,328 million decreased 1 compared to 2011 due to unfavorable foreign currency translation of 36 million. Our 2012 AF net sales of 898 million increased 9 compared to the prior year primarily due to the continued increase in EP catheter ablation procedures and the continued market penetration of our EnSite Velocity System and related connectivity tools. The increase in AF net sales during 2012 was partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation of 20 million compared to the prior year. Our 2012 NMD net sales of 423 million increased 1 compared to 2011 due to the continued market acceptance of our products partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation of 7 million compared to the prior year. 
 Net sales in 2011 increased 9 over 2010 net sales, led by incremental net sales from our 2010 acquisitions of AGA Medical Holdings, Inc. (AGA Medical) and LightLab Imaging, Inc. (LightLab Imaging). Our products to treat atrial fibrillation also contributed to the increase. Foreign currency translation comparisons increased our 2011 net sales by 183 million compared to 2010. Our 2011 CRM net sales of 3,034 million were flat compared to 2010 due to CRM market contraction in the United States in 2011. Our 2011 CV net sales increased 29 to 1,337 million, compared to the prior year, driven by incremental net sales from our AGA Medical and LightLab Imaging acquisitions. Our 2011 AF net sales increased 16 to 822 million, compared to 2010, due to increased EP catheter ablation procedures, continued market penetration of our EnSite Velocity System and the ongoing rollout of EP irrigated ablation catheters which had been recently approved. Our 2011 NMD net sales grew 10 to 419 million, compared to 2010, driven by continued market acceptance and market penetration of our neurostimulation devices. Refer to the Segment Performance section for a more detailed discussion of our net sales results by operating segment for both 2012 and 2011. 
 Net earnings in 2012 of 752 million and diluted net earnings per share of 2.39 decreased compared to 2011 net earnings of 826 million and diluted net earnings per share of 2.52. Our 2012 net earnings were negatively impacted by after-tax charges of 275 million, or 0.87 per diluted share, related to our 2012 realignment plan announced in August 2012, ongoing restructuring charges related to the 2011 restructuring plan, IESD litigation and field action costs, a license dispute settlement charge, intangible asset impairment charges and inventory write-offs. Additionally, we recognized 46 million, or 0.15 per diluted share, of additional income tax expense related to a settlement reserve for certain prior year tax positions. In 2011, our net earnings were impacted by after-tax charges of 154 million, or 0.47 per diluted share, related to restructuring charges to realign certain activities in our CRM business and our sales and selling support organizations, intangible asset impairment charges and in-process research and development (IPR D) charges. We also recognized 47 million of after-tax accounts receivable allowance charges, or 0.14 per diluted share, for increased collection risks with customers in Europe. Refer to the Results of Operations section for a more detailed discussion of these charges. The impact of these after-tax charges to our 2012 diluted net earnings per share was partially offset by share repurchases resulting in lower outstanding shares in 2012 compared to 2011. 
 Net earnings in 2011 of 826 million and diluted net earnings per share of 2.52 decreased compared to 2010 net earnings of 907 million and diluted net earnings per share of 2.75. Our 2011 net earnings were negatively impacted by total after-tax charges discussed previously of 201 million, or 0.61 per diluted share, primarily related to restructuring charges and European accounts receivable allowance charges. In 2010, our net earnings were impacted by after-tax charges of 50 million, or 0.15 per diluted share, related to special charges, IPR D charges and investment impairment charges. Refer to the Results of Operations section for a more detailed discussion of these charges. The impact of these after-tax charges to our 2011 diluted net earnings per share was partially offset by share repurchases resulting in lower outstanding shares in 2011 compared to 2010. 
 We generated 1,335 million of operating cash flows during 2012, compared to 1,287 million of operating cash flows during 2011. We ended the year with 1,194 million of cash and cash equivalents and 3,080 million of total debt. We also repurchased 27.7 million shares of our common stock for 1.1 billion at an average repurchase price of 38.23 per share and our Board of Directors authorized 2012 quarterly cash dividend payments of 0.23 per share, representing a 10 per share 
 2 

 Table of Contents 

 increase over the 2011 quarterly cash dividends. During 2011, we repurchased 18.3 million shares of our common stock for 775 million at an average repurchase price of 42.30 per share. 
 
 NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 Certain new accounting standards may become effective for us in fiscal year 2013 and future periods upon finalization. Information regarding new accounting pronouncements that impacted 2012 or our historical consolidated financial statements and related disclosures is included in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 Preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP) requires us to adopt various accounting policies and to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Our significant accounting policies are disclosed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those related to our accounts receivable allowance for doubtful accounts; inventory reserves; goodwill and other intangible assets; income taxes; litigation reserves and insurance receivables; and stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, and the results form the basis for making judgments about the reported values of assets, liabilities and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We believe that the following represent our most critical accounting estimates: 
 Accounts Receivable Allowance for Doubtful Accounts : We grant credit to customers in the normal course of business, and generally do not require collateral or any other security to support our accounts receivable. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for potential credit losses, which primarily consists of reserves for specific customer balances that we believe, may not be collectible. We determine the adequacy of this allowance by regularly reviewing the age of accounts receivable, customer financial conditions and credit histories, and current economic conditions. In some developed markets and in many emerging markets, payment of certain accounts receivable balances are made by the individual countries' healthcare systems for which payment is dependent, to some extent, upon the political and economic environment within those countries. For example, in Greece we sold our products through a distributor through early 2012. The Greek government bond curtailment, potential risk of government default and related austerity measures negatively impacted the solvency and liquidity of our Greek distributor in 2011, raising significant doubt regarding the collectability of our outstanding receivable balance. As a result, we recognized a 57 million accounts receivable allowance charge in the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 related to this distributor, which was subsequently written off in 2012. We also recognized a 9 million allowance in fiscal year 2011 for increased collection risk associated with a customer in Europe. No significant accounts receivable allowance charges were recognized during fiscal year 2012. As of December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011, the allowance for doubtful accounts was 47 million and 101 million, respectively. Although we consider our allowance for doubtful accounts to be adequate, if the financial condition of our customers or the individual countries' healthcare systems were to deteriorate and impair their ability to make payments to us, additional allowances may be required in future periods. 
 Inventory Reserves : We value inventory at the lower of cost or market, with cost determined using the first-in, first-out method. We maintain reserves for excess and obsolete inventory based on forecasted product sales, new product introductions by us or our competitors, product expirations and historical experience. The inventory reserves we recognize are based on our estimates of how these factors are expected to impact the amount and value of inventory we expect to sell. The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and characterized by rapid product development and technological change putting our products at risk of losing market share and/or becoming obsolete. We monitor our inventory reserves on an ongoing basis, and although we consider our inventory reserves to be adequate, we may be required to recognize additional inventory reserves if future demand or market conditions are less favorable than we have estimated. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets : When we acquire a business, the purchase price is allocated, as applicable, between identifiable intangible assets, tangible assets and goodwill. Determining the portion of the purchase price allocated to intangible assets requires us to make significant estimates. 
 Our intangible assets consist of purchased technology and patents, IPR D, customer lists and relationships, trademarks and tradenames, licenses and distribution agreements. IPR D and certain trademark assets related to our AGA Medical acquisition have been classified as indefinite-lived intangible assets. All other identifiable intangible assets are being amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, ranging from three to 20 years. We review our other intangible assets annually for impairment or if changes in circumstance or the occurrence of events suggest the carrying value may not be recoverable. Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, were 804 million at December 29, 2012 and 856 million at December 31, 2011, respectively. 
 
 3 

 Table of Contents 

 IPR D is an intangible asset attributable to those projects for which the related products have not yet reached technological feasibility and have no future alternative use. The primary basis for determining the technological feasibility of these projects at the time of acquisition is obtaining regulatory approval to market the underlying products in an applicable geographic region. IPR D acquired in a business acquisition is subject to FASB's ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations , which requires the fair value of IPR D to be capitalized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until completion of the IPR D project or abandonment. Upon completion of the development project (generally when regulatory approval to market the product is obtained), acquired IPR D assets are amortized over their estimated useful life. If the IPR D projects are abandoned, the related IPR D assets would likely be impaired and written down to fair value. 
 
 We use the income approach to establish the fair value of identifiable intangible assets, including IPR D, as of the acquisition date. This approach establishes fair value by estimating the after-tax cash flows attributable to a project or intangible asset over its estimated useful life and discounting these after-tax cash flows back to a present value. We base our revenue assumptions on estimates of relevant market sizes, expected market growth and trends in technology as well as anticipated product introductions by competitors. In arriving at the value of an IPR D project, we consider, among other factors, the stage of completion, the complexity of the work to complete, the costs incurred, the projected cost of completion, the contribution of core technologies and other acquired assets, the expected introduction date and the estimated useful life of the technology. The discount rate used is determined at the time of acquisition and includes consideration of the assessed risk of the project not being developed to commercial feasibility. In arriving at the value of an intangible asset we consider the underlying products and estimated useful life of the technology, projected future product sales, legal agreements, patent litigation and anticipated product introductions by competitors. The discount rate used is determined at the time of acquisition and includes consideration of the assessed risk of the underlying products future sales. 
 At the time of acquisition, we expect all acquired IPR D will reach technological feasibility, but there can be no assurance that the commercial viability of these projects will actually be achieved. The nature of the efforts to develop the acquired technologies into commercially viable products consists principally of planning, designing and conducting clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approvals. The risks associated with achieving commercialization include, but are not limited to, delay or failure to obtain regulatory approvals to conduct clinical trials, failure of clinical trials, delay or failure to obtain required market clearances and patent litigation. If commercial viability is not achieved, we would not realize the original estimated financial benefits expected for these projects. We fund all costs to complete IPR D projects with internally generated cash flows. 
 Our indefinite-lived intangible assets include trademarks and tradenames and our acquired IPR D (discussed previously),which are assessed for impairment annually or more frequently if changes in circumstance or the occurrence of events suggest impairment exists. The assessment for impairment requires us to make several judgments about fair value, which include the consideration of qualitative factors such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, financial performance, entity specific events, changes in net assets and sustained decrease in share price. Additional judgment may also be required, including the consideration of projected future cash flows and the use of an appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate. Our indefinite-lived intangible assets were 158 million and 169 million at December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively. Of these amounts, 109 million and 120 million was capitalized as indefinite-lived IPR D intangible assets, respectively. 
 Goodwill recognized in connection with a business acquisition represents the excess of the aggregate purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually or more frequently if changes in circumstance or the occurrence of events suggest impairment exists. The assessment for impairment requires us to make several judgments about fair value, which include the consideration of qualitative factors such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, financial performance, entity specific events, changes in net assets and sustained decrease in share price. Our judgments associated with the goodwill impairment assessment are considered critical due to the amount of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. Additional judgment may also be required, including the consideration of projected future cash flows and the use of an appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate. Goodwill was 2,961 million at December 29, 2012 and 2,953 million at December 31, 2011. 
 Income Taxes : As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. This process involves estimating the actual current tax expense as well as assessing temporary differences in the treatment of items for tax and financial accounting purposes. These timing differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in our consolidated balance sheets. We assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and if it is considered more- likely -than-not that we will not realize some portion of our deferred tax assets, a valuation allowance is recognized to reduce the carrying value of the deferred tax assets. Gross deferred tax assets were 778 million at December 29, 2012 and 660 million at December 31, 2011. We have established valuation allowances of 228 million and 157 million at December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively, to reduce deferred tax assets associated with net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards because we do not believe it is more-likely-than-not that these assets will be fully realized. 
 4 

 Table of Contents 

 We have not provided U.S. income taxes on certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries' undistributed earnings, as such amounts are intended to be reinvested outside the United States indefinitely. However, should we change our business and tax strategies in the future and decide to repatriate a portion of these earnings to one of our U.S. subsidiaries, including cash maintained by these non-U.S. subsidiaries, additional U.S. tax liabilities would be recognized. It is not practical to estimate the amount of additional U.S. tax liabilities we would incur. 
 We record our income tax provisions based on our knowledge of all relevant facts and circumstances, including the existing tax laws, our experience with previous settlement agreements, the status of current tax audits and examinations and our understanding of how the tax authorities view certain relevant industry and commercial matters. We recognize liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the United States and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. Although we recognize income tax liabilities in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes , regarding uncertainty in income taxes, our accruals represent accounting estimates that are subject to the inherent uncertainties associated with the tax audit process, and therefore include certain contingencies. The finalization of the tax audit process across the various tax authorities, including federal, state and foreign, often takes many years. We adjust our income tax liabilities in light of changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, an additional income tax expense would result. Specifically in 2012, we recognized 46 million of additional income tax expense related to a settlement reserve for certain prior year tax positions associated with IRS examinations that are currently at the appellate level. At December 29, 2012, our liability for unrecognized tax benefits was 314 million and our accrual for interest and penalties was 69 million. At December 31, 2011, our liability for unrecognized tax benefits was 205 million and our accrual for interest and penalties was 35 million. 
 Litigation Reserves and Insurance Receivables : We operate in an industry that is susceptible to significant product liability and intellectual property claims. As a result, we are involved in a number of legal proceedings, the outcomes of which are not in our complete control and may not be known for extended periods of time. In accordance with ASC Topic 450, Contingencies , we record a liability in our consolidated financial statements for costs related to claims, including future legal costs, settlements and judgments where we have assessed that a loss is probable and an amount can be reasonably estimated. Product liability claims may be brought by individuals seeking relief for themselves or, increasingly, by groups seeking to represent a class. In addition, claims may be asserted against us in the future related to events that are not known to us at the present time. Our significant legal proceedings are discussed in detail in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. While it is not possible to predict the outcome for most of the legal proceedings discussed in Note 5, the costs associated with such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated earnings, financial position or cash flows of a future period. 
 We record a receivable from our legacy product liability insurance carriers for amounts expected to be recovered. This includes amounts for legal matters where we have incurred defense costs or where we have recognized a liability for probable and estimable future legal costs, settlements or judgments. We record a receivable for the amount of insurance we expect to recover based on our assessment of the specific insurance policies, the nature of the claim, our experience with similar claims and our assessment of collectability based on our insurers' financial condition. To the extent our insurance carriers ultimately do not reimburse us, either because such costs are deemed to be outside the scope of our product liability insurance policies or because our insurers may not be able to meet their payment obligations to us, the related losses we incur relating to these unreimbursed costs could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated earnings or cash flows. Our receivable from legacy product liability insurance carriers was 3 million at December 29, 2012 and 15 million at December 31, 2011. During 2012 and 2011, we did not record any losses on our legacy product liability insurance receivables and received insurance reimbursement of 1 million and 11 million, respectively. 
 Stock-Based Compensation : Under the fair value recognition provisions of ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation (ASC Topic 718), we measure stock-based compensation cost at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and recognize the compensation expense over the requisite service period (vesting period) into cost of sales, research and development expense or selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 
 We use the Black-Scholes standard option pricing model (Black-Scholes model) to determine the grant date fair value of stock options and employee stock purchase rights. The awards' grant date fair value using the Black-Scholes model is affected by our stock price as well as assumptions of other variables, including projected employee stock option exercise behaviors (expected option life), risk-free interest rate, expected dividend yield and expected volatility of our stock price in future periods. The grant date fair value of restricted stock units and restricted stock awards is based on the closing stock price on the grant date. 
 
 We analyze historical employee exercise and termination data to estimate the expected life assumption. We believe that historical data currently represents the best estimate of the expected life of a new employee option. We also stratify our employee population based upon distinctive exercise behavior patterns. The risk-free interest rate we use is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected life of the options. Our dividend yield 
 5 

 Table of Contents 

 assumption is based on the expected annual dividend yield on the grant date. We calculate our expected volatility assumption by equally weighting historical and implied volatility. We believe that future volatility experience over the expected life of the option may differ from short-term volatility experience and therefore we utilize an equal weighting of both historical and implied volatility to provide the best estimate of expected volatility over the expected life of the option. 
 
 The amount of stock-based compensation expense we recognize during a period is based on the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest. We estimate pre-vesting award forfeitures at the time of grant by analyzing historical data and revising those estimates in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Ultimately, the total expense recognized over the vesting period will equal the fair value of awards that actually vest. 
 
 If factors change and we employ different assumptions for estimating stock-based compensation expense in future periods or if we decide to use a different option pricing model, the expense in future periods may differ significantly from what we have recorded in the current period and could materially affect our net earnings and net earnings per share of a future period. 
 
 ACQUISITIONS AND MINORITY INVESTMENT 
 Acquisitions: On November 18, 2010, we completed our acquisition of AGA Medical (NASDAQ: AGAM), acquiring all of its outstanding shares for 20.80 per share in a cash and stock transaction valued at 1.1 billion (which consisted of 549 million in net cash consideration and 13.6 million shares of St. Jude Medical common stock). The transaction was consummated through an exchange offer followed by a merger. Acquiring AGA Medical, based in Plymouth, Minnesota, expanded our cardiovascular product portfolio and future product pipeline to treat structural heart defects and vascular abnormalities through minimally invasive transcatheter treatments. 
 
 On July 6, 2010, we completed our acquisition of LightLab Imaging for 93 million in net cash consideration. LightLab Imaging was based in Westford, Massachusetts and develops, manufactures and markets OCT for coronary imaging applications. The LightLab Imaging acquisition expanded our product portfolio and complements our fractional flow reserve (FFR) technology acquired as part of our Radi Medical Systems AB acquisition in December 2008. 
 
 Minority Investment: In September 2010, we made an equity investment of 60 million in CardioMEMS, Inc. (CardioMEMS), a privately-held company that is focused on the development of a wireless monitoring technology that can be placed directly into the pulmonary artery to assess cardiac performance via measurement of pulmonary artery pressure. The investment agreement resulted in a 19 ownership interest and provided us with the exclusive right, but not the obligation, to acquire CardioMEMS for an additional payment of 375 million during the period that extends through the completion of certain regulatory milestones. 
 
 SEGMENT PERFORMANCE 
 While our 2012 business realignment was announced and effective August 30, 2012, we continued to report under our legacy operating segment structure for internal management financial forecasting and reporting purposes through the end of fiscal year 2012. Therefore, based on U.S. GAAP, our four operating segments are Cardiac Rhythm Management (CRM), Cardiovascular (CV), Atrial Fibrillation (AF), and Neuromodulation (NMD). The primary products produced by each operating segment are: CRM tachycardia implantable cardioverter defibrillator systems (ICDs) and bradycardia pacemaker systems (pacemakers); CV vascular products, which include vascular closure products, pressure measurement guidewires, optical coherence tomography (OCT) imaging products, vascular plugs and other vascular accessories, and structural heart products, which include heart valve replacement and repair products and structural heart defect devices; AF electrophysiology (EP) introducers and catheters, advanced cardiac mapping, navigation and recording systems and ablation systems; and NMD neurostimulation products, which include spinal cord and deep brain stimulation devices. 
 We currently aggregate our four operating segments into two reportable segments based upon their similar operational and economic characteristics: CRM/NMD and CV/AF. As discussed in the Overview section, we will report under our new organizational structure effective the beginning of fiscal year 2013. Net sales of our reportable segments include end-customer revenues from the sale of products they each develop and manufacture or distribute. The costs included in each of the reportable segments operating results include the direct costs of the products sold to customers and operating expenses managed by each of the reportable segments. Certain expenses managed by our selling and corporate functions, including all stock-based compensation expense, impairment charges, certain acquisition-related expenses, IPR D charges, excise tax expense and special charges have not been recorded in the individual reportable segments. As a result, reportable segment operating profit is not representative of the operating profit of the products in these reportable segments. 
 6 

 Table of Contents 

 The following table presents net sales and operating profit by reportable segment (in millions): 
 
 CRM/NMD 
 
 CV/AF 
 
 Other 
 
 Total 
 Fiscal Year 2012 

Net sales 
 
 3,277 

2,226 

5,503 
 
 Operating profit 
 2,185 

1,241 

(2,326) 
 
 1,100 
 
 Fiscal Year 2011 

Net sales 
 
 3,453 

2,159 

5,612 
 
 Operating profit 
 2,145 

1,144 

(2,174) 
 
 1,115 
 
 Fiscal Year 2010 

Net sales 
 
 3,420 

1,744 

5,164 
 
 Operating profit 
 2,125 

968 

(1,817) 
 
 1,276 

The following discussion of the changes in our net sales is provided by class of similar products within our four operating segments, which is the primary focus of our sales activities. 
 Cardiac Rhythm Management 
 (in millions) 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2012 vs. 2011 Change 
 
 2011 vs. 2010 Change 
 ICD systems 
 
 1,743 

1,824 

1,820 

(4.4) 
 
 0.2 
 
 Pacemaker systems 
 1,111 

1,210 

1,220 

(8.2) 
 
 (0.8) 

2,854 

3,034 

3,040 

(5.9) 
 
 (0.2) 

Cardiac Rhythm Management 2012 net sales decreased 6 to 2,854 million as a result of continued CRM market contraction and unfavorable foreign currency translation. Foreign currency translation had a 74 million unfavorable impact on 2012 net sales compared to the prior year. 2012 ICD net sales of 1,743 million decreased 4 compared to 2011 primarily driven by unfavorable foreign currency and a decline in the U.S. ICD market which continues to contract at a mid single-digit percentage rate from the 2011 comparable period. The U.S. ICD market continues to be negatively impacted by a decline in implant volumes and pricing resulting from the publication of an ICD utilization article in January 2011 in the JAMA, subsequent hospital investigation by the DOJ and a significant increase in hospital ownership of physician practices. Facing this market contraction, our U.S. 2012 ICD net sales of 1,016 million decreased 3 , which was at a slightly lower rate than the rest of the market. Partially offsetting the U.S. ICD market contraction, we experienced a benefit from sales of our Unify Quadra Cardiac Resynchronization Therapy Defibrillator (CRT-D) and Quartet Left Ventricular Quadripolar Pacing Lead, which was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in November 2011 and is the industry's first quadripolar pacing system. Sales of our Assura portfolio of ICDs and CRT-Ds as well as our Ellipse ICD, which were approved by the FDA in May 2012, also provided a benefit to our 2012 net sales. Internationally, 2012 ICD net sales of 727 million decreased 6 compared to 2011 due to 41 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation (5 percentage points) primarily due to the strengthening U.S. Dollar against the Euro. Pacemaker systems 2012 net sales decreased 8 to 1,111 million compared to 2011. In the United States, our 2012 pacemaker net sales of 451 million decreased 10 compared to 2011. Internationally, our 2012 pacemaker net sales of 660 million decreased 7 compared to 2011. Foreign currency translation had a 33 million (5 percentage points) unfavorable impact during 2012 compared to 2011. Our pacemaker systems 2012 net sales have also decreased as a result of competitive pressures from a continued market progression towards implanting more magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) compatible pacemakers, particularly in the U.S. and Japan. Additionally, the market has experienced a slowdown in implant procedures, particularly in Europe with its economic disruptions negatively impacting procedural volumes. We introduced the AccentMRI pacemaker family in Europe and certain markets in Asia during 2011 and we expect to launch our AccentMRI pacemaker in Japan during the second half of 2013. 
 Cardiac Rhythm Management 2011 net sales were flat compared to 2010 as a result of CRM market contraction in the United States. Foreign currency translation had a 92 million favorable impact on 2011 net sales compared to the prior year. 2011 ICD net sales of 1,824 million were flat during 2011 compared to 2010. Internationally, 2011 ICD net sales of 777 million increased 14 compared to 2010 due to 47 million of favorable foreign currency translation (7 percentage points) and the second quarter 2011 launch of our Unify TM cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillator (CRT-D) and Fortify TM ICD in Japan. The Unify TM CRT-D and Fortify TM ICD are smaller, deliver more energy and have a longer battery life than comparable 
 7 

 Table of Contents 

 conventional devices. Our 2011 ICD net sales in the United States of 1,047 million decreased 8 compared to the prior year. The overall decrease was driven by the loss of the incremental 40 million benefit on our 2010 U.S. ICD net sales resulting from a suspension of a competitor's product sales. The 2011 ICD market in the United States was also negatively impacted by a decline in implant volumes and pricing from the JAMA ICD utilization article, subsequent hospital investigation by the DOJ and a significant increase in hospital ownership of physician practices, all discussed previously. Pacemaker systems 2011 net sales of 1,210 million decreased 1 compared to 2010. In the United States, our 2011 pacemaker net sales of 500 million decreased 5 compared to 2010. Internationally, our 2011 pacemaker net sales of 710 million increased 2 compared to 2010. Foreign currency translation had a 45 million favorable impact (7 percentage points) on pacemaker net sales during 2011 compared to 2010. 
 Cardiovascular 
 (in millions) 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2012 vs. 2011 Change 
 
 2011 vs. 2010 Change 
 Vascular products 
 
 716 

740 

672 

(3.2) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Structural heart products 
 612 

597 

364 

2.5 

64.0 

1,328 

1,337 

1,036 

(0.7) 
 
 29.1 

Cardiovascular 2012 net sales decreased 1 to 1,328 million compared to 2011. Foreign currency translation had a 36 million unfavorable impact on 2012 CV net sales compared to 2011. Vascular products' 2012 net sales decreased 3 compared to 2011 primarily due to the termination of a distribution contract in Japan which negatively impacted our 2012 vascular product net sales by 7 . Foreign currency translation also unfavorably impacted vascular products' 2012 net sales by 17 million compared to 2011. These decreases were partially offset by increases in sales of our OCT products, led by our Ilumien hardware platform, which combines both OCT and FFR capabilities into a single system, as well as sales volume increases in our FFR technology products as we continue to penetrate the market. Structural heart products' net sales increased 3 during 2012 compared to 2011 driven by an increase in our tissue heart valve sales volumes, led by our Trifecta product line of pericardial stented tissue valves. Overall tissue heart valve sales volumes increased 20 during 2012 compared to 2011. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted structural heart products' net sales by 19 million during 2012 compared to 2011. 
 
 Cardiovascular 2011 net sales increased 29 to 1,337 million compared to 2010. Foreign currency translation had a 54 million favorable impact on 2011 CV net sales compared to 2010. Vascular products' net sales increased 10 compared to 2010 primarily due to incremental net sales of vascular plugs and OCT products. Favorable foreign currency translation of 35 million also contributed to the increase, partially offset by decreased sales volumes associated with our Angio-Seal active closure devices. Structural heart products' net sales increased 64 due to the incremental AGA Medical net sales of AMPLATZER occluder products and net sales growth associated with our Trifecta tissue valve, which was launched in the United States after receiving U.S. FDA approval in April 2011. Foreign currency translation also favorably impacted structural heart products' net sales by 19 million compared to 2010. 
 Atrial Fibrillation 
 (in millions) 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2012 vs. 2011 Change 
 
 2011 vs. 2010 Change 
 Atrial fibrillation products 
 
 898 

822 

708 

9.2 

16.1 

Our access, diagnosis, visualization, recording and ablation products assist physicians in diagnosing and treating atrial fibrillation and other irregular heart rhythms. AF 2012 net sales increased 9 to 898 million during 2012 compared to 2011 due to the continued increase in EP catheter ablation procedures, the continued market penetration of our EnSite Velocity System and related connectivity tools (EnSite Connect , EnSite Courier and EnSite Derexi modules) and our intracardiac echocardiography imaging technique, which allows physicans to get a clear picture of the inner workings of the heart through an ultrasound probe. Foreign currency translation had an unfavorable impact on AF net sales of 20 million during 2012 compared to 2011. 
 
 Atrial Fibrillation 2011 net sales increased 16 to 822 million compared to 2010 net sales due to the increase in EP catheter ablation procedures, the continued market penetration of our EnSite Velocity System and related connectivity tools and the rollout of EP irrigated ablation catheters in the U.S. (Safire BLU and internationally (Therapy Cool Flex , Safire Blu 
 8 

 Table of Contents 

 Duo and Therapy Cool Path Duo bi-directional). Foreign currency translation had a favorable impact on AF net sales of 30 million compared to 2010. 
 Neuromodulation 
 (in millions) 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2012 vs. 2011 Change 
 
 2011 vs. 2010 Change 
 Neuromodulation products 
 
 423 

419 

380 

1.0 

10.3 

Neuromodulation 2012 net sales increased 1 to 423 million during 2012 due to continued market acceptance of our products and sales growth in our neurostimulation devices that help manage chronic pain. Foreign currency translation had a 7 million unfavorable impact on NMD net sales during 2012 compared to 2011. 
 
 Neuromodulation 2011 net sales increased 10 to 419 million compared to 2010 net sales. The increase in NMD net sales was driven by the continued market acceptance of our neurostimulation devices that help manage chronic pain. Specifically, 2011 international NMD net sales grew 30 , driven by sales growth in the Eon Mini platform and growing market acceptance of the Epiducer Lead Delivery system which gives physicians the ability to place multiple neurostimulation leads through a single entry point. Foreign currency translation had a 7 million favorable impact on NMD net sales during 2011 compared to 2010. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Net sales (in millions) 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2012 vs. 2011 Change 
 
 2011 vs. 2010 Change 
 Net sales 
 
 5,503 

5,612 

5,164 

(1.9) 
 
 8.7 

Overall, 2012 net sales decreased 2 compared to 2011. Foreign currency translation had an unfavorable impact of 137 million, or 2 , on 2012 net sales compared to 2011 due primarily to the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against the Euro. CRM net sales drove the decrease in 2012 net sales due primarily to the continued contraction of the ICD and pacemaker markets world-wide. These decreases were partially offset by AF net sales increases. 
 
 Total 2011 net sales increased 9 compared to 2010. While our 2011 U.S. net sales remained flat compared to 2010, our 2011 international net sales increased 18 compared to the prior year. Foreign currency translation comparisons increased our 2011 net sales by 183 million compared to 2010 primarily due to the weakening of the U.S. Dollar against the Euro and Japanese Yen. 
 
 Foreign currency translation relating to our international operations can have a significant impact on our operating results from year to year. The two main currencies influencing our operating results are typically the Euro and the Japanese Yen. As discussed previously, foreign currency translation had a 137 million unfavorable impact on 2012 net sales, while the translation impact in 2011 had a 183 million favorable impact on net sales compared to 2010. These impacts to net sales are not indicative of the net earnings impact of foreign currency translation due to partially offsetting foreign currency translation impacts on cost of sales and operating expenses. 
 9 

 Table of Contents 

 Net sales by geographic location of the customer were as follows (in millions): Net Sales 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 United States 
 
 2,594 

2,648 

2,655 
 
 International 

Europe 
 1,432 

1,559 

1,314 
 
 Japan 
 665 

641 

553 
 
 Asia Pacific 
 456 

416 

324 
 
 Other 
 356 

348 

318 

2,909 

2,964 

2,509 

5,503 

5,612 

5,164 

Gross profit 

(in millions) 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Gross profit 
 
 3,965 

4,079 

3,754 
 
 Percentage of net sales 
 72.1 

72.7 

72.7 

Gross profit for 2012 totaled 3,965 million, or 72.1 of net sales, compared to 4,079 million , or 72.7 of net sales in 2011. Our 2012 gross profit percentage was negatively impacted by special charges of 93 million, or 1.6 percentage points, due to realigning our product divisions and centralizing certain support functions, ongoing restructuring charges related to our 2011 restructuring plan, IESD litigation and field action costs and inventory write-offs. Special charges of 47 million in 2011 negatively impacted our gross profit by 0.8 percentage points due to our 2011 restructuring actions to realign certain activities in our CRM business and our sales and selling support organizations. Refer to Special Charges within the Results of Operations section for a more detailed discussion of these charges. Additionally, U.S. GAAP requires inventory acquired in a business acquisition to be recorded at fair value, which closely approximates normal end-customer selling price. This resulted in higher cost of sales for AGA Medical and LightLab Imaging products sold in both 2011 and 2010, which negatively impacted our 2011 gross profit by approximately 0.5 percentage points. 
 
 Gross profit for 2011 totaled 4,079 million, or 72.7 of net sales, compared 3,754 million, or 72.7 of net sales in 2010. Special charges in 2011 negatively impacted our gross profit by 0.8 percentage points due to our 2011 restructuring actions discussed previously. Special charges in 2010 negatively impacted our gross profit by 0.5 percentage points due to inventory obsolescence charges primarily related to excess legacy ICD inventory that was not expected to be sold due to the launch of our Unify TM CRT-D and Fortify TM ICD devices. Our market demand for these devices resulted in a more rapid adoption than we expected or historically experienced. Additionally, as discussed previously, the inventory acquired in our AGA Medical and Lightlab Imaging acquisitions was required to be recorded at fair value and resulted in a higher cost of sales for AGA Medical and LightLab Imaging products sold in both 2011 and 2010, which negatively impacted our gross profit by approximately 0.5 and 0.2 percentage points, respectively. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative (SG A) expense 

(in millions) 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 
 1,891 

2,084 

1,818 
 
 Percentage of net sales 
 34.4 

37.1 

35.2 

SG A expense for 2012 totaled 1,891 million , or 34.4 of net sales, compared to 2,084 million , or 37.1 of net sales in 2011. The decrease in our 2012 SG A expense as a percent of net sales was primarily driven by cost savings initiatives including the 2012 realignment plan initiated in August 2012, integration of the AGA Medial business into our CV division and the integration of our Neuromodulation domestic sales organization into our United States selling organization. Additionally, SG A expense for 2011 included 25 million of contract termination and international integration charges related to our AGA Medical acquisition, 15 million of contributions made to the St. Jude Medical Foundation and 66 million of accounts receivable allowance charges for the increased collection risk associated with certain customer accounts receivables in Europe for a combined SG A impact of 1.9 percentage points. 
 10 

 Table of Contents 

SG A expense for 2011 totaled 2,084 million, or 37.1 of net sales, compared to 1,818 million, or 35.2 of net sales in 2010. As discussed previously, SG A expense for 2011 increased as a percent of net sales by 1.9 percentage points due to contract termination and international integration charges related to our AGA Medical acquisition, contributions to the St. Jude Medical Foundation and accounts receivable allowance charges compared to 2010. 
 
 Research and development (R D) expense 

(in millions) 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Research and development expense 
 
 676 

705 

631 
 
 Percentage of net sales 
 12.3 

12.6 

12.2 

R D expense in 2012 totaled 676 million , or 12.3 of net sales, compared to 705 million , or 12.6 of net sales in 2011 and 631 million , or 12.2 of net sales in 2010. R D expense as a percent of net sales has remained relatively consistent, reflecting our continuing commitment to fund future long-term growth opportunities. We will continue to balance delivering short-term results with our investments in long-term growth drivers. 
 
 Purchased in-process research and development charges 

(in millions) 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Purchased in-process research and development charges 

4 

12 

During 2011, we recorded IPR D charges of 4 million in conjunction with the purchase of intellectual property in our CRM operating segment. During 2010, we recorded IPR D charges of 12 million in conjunction with the purchase of cardiovascular-related intellectual property. As the related technological feasibility had not yet been reached and such technology had no future alternative use, the purchases of these intellectual property assets were expensed as IPR D. 
 
 Special charges 

(in millions) 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Cost of sales special charges 
 
 93 

47 

28 
 
 Special charges 
 298 

171 

17 

391 

218 

45 

We recognize certain transactions and events as special charges in our consolidated financial statements. These charges (such as restructuring charges, impairment charges and certain settlement or litigation charges) result from facts and circumstances that vary in frequency and impact on our results of operations. In order to enhance segment comparability and reflect management s focus on the ongoing operations, special charges are not reflected in the individual reportable segments operating results. 
 2012 Business Realignment Plan: During 2012, we incurred charges of 185 million from the realignment of our product divisions into two new operating divisions: CATD (combining our legacy CV and AF divisions) and IESD (combining our legacy CRM and NMD divisions). In addition, we centralized certain support functions, including information technology, human resources, legal, business development and certain marketing functions. The organizational changes are part of a comprehensive plan to accelerate our growth, reduce costs, leverage economies of scale and increase investment in product development. Of the 185 million recorded as special charges, 24 million was recognized in cost of sales. In connection with the realignment, we recognized 109 million of severance costs and other termination benefits after management determined that such severance and benefit costs were probable and estimable. The 2012 business realignment plan reduced our workforce by approximately 5 . We also recognized 17 million of inventory write-offs associated with discontinued CATD product lines and 41 million of accelerated depreciation charges and fixed asset write-offs, primarily associated with information technology assets no longer expected to be utilized or with a limited remaining useful life. Additionally, we recognized 18 million of other restructuring costs which included 7 million of contract termination costs and 11 million of other costs. 
 2011 Restructuring Plan: During 2011, we incurred charges totaling 162 million related to restructuring actions to realign certain activities in our CRM business and sales and selling support organizations. These actions included phasing out CRM manufacturing and R D operations in Sweden, reductions in our workforce and rationalizing product lines. Of the 162 
 11 

 Table of Contents 

 million recorded as special charges, 47 million was recognized in cost of sales. In connection with the staged phase-out of CRM manufacturing and R D operations in Sweden, we began recognizing severance costs and other termination benefits for over 650 employees totaling 82 million during 2011. Additionally, we recognized 20 million of inventory obsolescence charges primarily associated with the rationalization of product lines across our business. We also recorded 26 million of impairment and accelerated depreciation charges, of which 12 million related to an impairment charge to write-down our CRM manufacturing facility in Sweden to its fair value. Additionally, we recognized 34 million of other restructuring charges primarily associated with CRM restructuring actions 13 million of pension settlement charges associated with the termination of Sweden's defined benefit pension plan and 4 million of idle facility costs related to transitioning manufacturing operations out of Sweden) as well as 7 million of contract termination costs and 10 million of other costs. 
 During 2012, we incurred additional charges totaling 102 million related to the restructuring actions initiated during 2011. Of the 102 million recorded as special charges, 44 million was recorded in cost of sales. We recognized severance costs and other termination benefits of 38 million for an additional 100 employees after management determined that such severance and benefit costs were probable and estimable. We also recognized 13 million of inventory obsolescence charges primarily related with the rationalization of product lines in our CRM and NMD businesses. Additionally, we recognized 51 million of other restructuring charges which included 37 million of restructuring related charges (of which 13 million related to idle facility costs in Sweden). The remaining charges included 8 million of contract termination costs and 6 million of other costs. 
 Other Special Charges 
 Inventory Charges: During 2010, we recorded 28 million of inventory obsolescence charges to cost of sales primarily related to excess legacy ICD inventory that was not expected to be sold due to our launch of our Unify TM CRT-D and Fortify TM ICD devices. Our market demand for these devices resulted in a more rapid adoption than expected or historically experienced from other ICD product launches. 
 Intangible asset impairment charges: During 2012, we recognized a 23 million impairment charge for certain developed technology intangible assets in our NMD division as our updated expectations for the future cash flows of the related product lines decreased, ultimately resulting in the related assets' fair value falling below carrying value. Additionally, we discontinued certain AF and CV product lines and recognized 8 million of impairment charges to fully impair the related developed technology intangible assets. We also recognized 2 million of intangible asset impairments associated with customer relationship intangible assets acquired in connection with legacy acquisitions of businesses involved in the distribution of our products. Due to the changing dynamics of the U.S. healthcare market, specifically as it relates to hospital purchasing practices, we determined that these intangible assets had no future discrete cash flows and were fully impaired. 
 During 2011, we recorded 52 million of intangible asset impairment charges, of which 49 million related to customer relationship intangible assets acquired in connection with legacy acquisitions of businesses involved in the distribution of our products. As discussed previously, due to the changing dynamics of the U.S. healthcare market, specifically as it relates to hospital purchasing practices, we determined that these intangible assets had no future discrete cash flows and recognized a 49 million impairment charge. 
 Settlement charges: During 2012, we agreed to settle a dispute on licensed technology for our Angio-Seal vascular closure devices. In connection with this settlement, which resolved all disputed claims and included a fully-paid perpetual license, we recognized a 28 million settlement expense. 
 Litigation charges: During 2012, we recognized 16 million of litigation charges for future probable and estimable legal costs related to outstanding matters associated with IESD field actions. During 2011, we recognized a 4 million legal settlement charge after reaching an agreement with the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services to settle a previously disclosed investigation initiated in December 2008 related to allegations that we failed to properly apply certain warranty credits. During 2010, we recognized a 17 million legal settlement charge after reaching an agreement with the DOJ in Boston to settle a previously disclosed investigation initiated in 2005 related to an industry-wide review of post-market clinical studies and registries. 
 Field action charges: During 2012, we recognized special charges of 27 million, of which 25 million was charged to cost of sales, for costs primarily related to the 2012 field action associated with certain neuromodulation implantable pulse generator charging systems. 
 12 

 Table of Contents 

 Other income (expense), net 

(in millions) 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Interest income 
 
 5 

4 

2 
 
 Interest expense 
 (73) 
 
 (70) 
 
 (67) 
 Other 
 (27) 
 
 (30) 
 
 (3) 

(95) 

(96) 

(68) 

The unfavorable change in other income (expense) during both 2012 and 2011 compared to 2010 was due to 31 million and 28 million, respectively, of Puerto Rico excise tax expense recognized in other expense. The Puerto Rico excise tax became effective in 2011, and we incur this tax on most purchases made from our Puerto Rico subsidiary. This excise tax is almost entirely offset by the resulting foreign tax credits or income tax deductions which are recognized as a benefit to income tax expense. The unfavorable change in other income (expense) was partially offset during 2012 compared to 2011 and 2010 as a result of 14 million in realized gains recognized from the sale of available-for-sale securities during 2012. 
 Income taxes (as a percent of pre-tax income) 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Effective tax rate 
 25.2 

19.0 

24.9 

Our effective tax rate differs from our U.S. federal statutory 35 tax rate due to certain operations that are subject to foreign taxes that are different from the U.S. federal statutory rate, state and local taxes and tax incentives. Our effective tax rate is also impacted by discrete factors or events such as special charges, IPR D charges, tax law changes or the resolution of audits by tax authorities. 
 Our effective tax rate was 25.2 in 2012 compared to 19.0 in 2011 and 24.9 in 2010. Our effective tax rate for 2012 does not include the benefit of the federal research and development tax credit (R D tax credit), as the R D tax credit was not retroactively reinstated for 2012 until January 2, 2013. As a result, our effective tax rate for 2012 was negatively impacted by 1.6 percentage points. (The retroactive benefit attributable to the 2012 tax year is recognized in the period the new legislation was enacted, our first quarter of 2013.) 
 
 Special charges favorably impacted our 2012 effective tax rate by 2.6 percentage points. Additionally, we resolved certain prior year tax positions with the IRS and recognized a 46 million settlement reserve to income tax expense, negatively impacting our 2012 effective tax rate by 4.6 percentage points. During 2011, special charges, deductible IPR D charges and accounts receivable allowance charges favorably impacted the 2011 effective tax rate by 2.5 percentage points. Non-deductible IPR D charges and legal settlement special charges unfavorably impacted the 2010 effective tax rate by 0.4 percentage points. Refer to Purchased in-process research and development charges and Special charges sections for further details regarding these charges. 
 
 As discussed previously in the Other income (expense), net section, the Puerto Rico excise tax, which is levied on most purchases from Puerto Rico, became effective beginning in 2011. Because the excise tax is not levied on income, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles do not allow for the excise tax to be recognized as part of income tax expense. However, any resulting foreign tax credit or income tax deduction is recognized as a benefit to income tax expense, thus favorably impacting our effective income tax rate. As a result, our effective tax rate was favorably impacted by 1.8 and 1.7 percentage points during fiscal years 2012 and 2011, respectively, compared to 2010. 
 
 Net earnings (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2012 vs. 2011 Change 
 
 2011 vs. 2010 Change 
 Net earnings 
 
 752 

826 

907 

(9.0) 
 
 (8.9) 
 Diluted net earnings per share 
 
 2.39 

2.52 

2.75 

(5.2) 
 
 (8.4) 

Our 2012 net earnings of 752 million and diluted net earnings per share of 2.39 decreased by 9 and 5 , respectively, compared to 2011 net earnings of 826 million and diluted net earnings per share of 2.52. Our 2012 net earnings were negatively impacted by after-tax special charges of 275 million and additional income tax expense of 46 million for a combined impact of 321 million, or 1.02 per diluted share. The special charges related to our 2012 realignment plan 
 13 

 Table of Contents 

 announced in August 2012, ongoing restructuring charges related to the 2011 restructuring plan, IESD litigation and field action costs, a license dispute settlement charge and intangible asset impairment charges and inventory write-offs. The additional income tax expense related to a settlement reserve for certain prior year tax positions. The impact of the after-tax charges to diluted net earnings per share were partially offset by share repurchases, resulting in lower outstanding shares during 2012 compared to 2011. 
 
 Net earnings were 826 million in 2011, a 9 decrease over 2010 net earnings of 907 million. Diluted net earnings per share were 2.52 in 2011, an 8 decrease over 2010 diluted net earnings per share of 2.75. Our 2011 net earnings were negatively impacted by after-tax special charges of 151 million and after-tax accounts receivable allowance charges of 47 million for a combined impact of 198 million, or 0.61 per diluted share. The impact of the after-tax charges to diluted net earnings per share were partially offset by share repurchases, resulting in lower outstanding shares during 2011 compared to 2010. During 2010, our net earnings were impacted by after-tax charges of 50 million, or 0.15 per diluted share, related to special charges, IPR D charges and investment impairment charges. 
 
 LIQUIDITY 
 We believe that our existing cash balances, future cash generated from operations and available borrowing capacity under our 1.5 billion long-term committed credit facility (Credit Facility) and related commercial paper program will be sufficient to fund our operating needs, working capital requirements, R D opportunities, capital expenditures, debt service requirements and shareholder dividends (see Dividends section) over the next 12 months and in the foreseeable future thereafter. 
 We believe that our earnings, cash flows and balance sheet position will permit us to obtain additional debt financing or equity capital should suitable investment and growth opportunities arise. Our credit ratings are investment grade. We monitor capital markets regularly and may raise additional capital when market conditions or interest rate environments are favorable. 
 At December 29, 2012, substantially all of our cash and cash equivalents was held by our non-U.S. subsidiaries. A portion of these foreign cash balances are associated with earnings that are permanently reinvested and which we plan to use to support our continued growth plans outside the United States through funding of operating expenses, capital expenditures and other investment and growth opportunities. The majority of these funds are only available for use by our U.S. operations if they are repatriated into the United States. The funds repatriated would be subject to additional U.S. taxes upon repatriation; however, it is not practical to estimate the amount of additional U.S. tax liabilities we would incur. We currently have no plans to repatriate funds held by our non-U.S. subsidiaries. 
 We use two primary measures that focus on accounts receivable and inventory days sales outstanding (DSO) and days inventory on hand (DIOH). We use DSO as a measure that places emphasis on how quickly we collect our accounts receivable balances from customers. We use DIOH, which can also be expressed as a measure of the estimated number of days of cost of sales on hand, as a measure that places emphasis on how efficiently we are managing our inventory levels. These measures may not be computed the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. Our DSO (ending net accounts receivable divided by average daily sales for the most recently completed quarter) increased from 88 days at December 31, 2011 to 89 days at December 29, 2012. Our DIOH (ending net inventory divided by average daily cost of sales for the most recently completed six months) increased from 147 days at December 31, 2011 to 150 days at December 29, 2012. Special charges recognized in cost of sales in the second half of 2012 reduced our December 29, 2012 DIOH by 4 days. Special charges recognized in cost of sales in the last half of 2011 reduced our December 31, 2011 DIOH by 7 days. 
 A summary of our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities is provided in the following table (in millions): 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 
 1,335 

1,287 

1,274 
 
 Investing activities 
 (313) 
 
 (337) 
 
 (1,081) 
 Financing activities 
 (813) 
 
 (456) 
 
 (86) 
 Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 (1) 
 
 (8) 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 208 

486 

107 

14 

 Table of Contents 

 Operating Cash Flows 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 1,335 million for 2012 compared to 1,287 million for 2011 and 1,274 million for 2010. Operating cash flows can fluctuate significantly from period to period due to payment timing differences of working capital accounts such as accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and income taxes payable. 
 Investing Cash Flows 
 Cash used in investing activities was 313 million in 2012 compared to 337 million in 2011 and 1,081 million in 2010. Our purchases of property, plant and equipment, which totaled 280 million, 307 million and 305 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively, reflect our continued investment in our product growth platforms currently in place. During 2010, we acquired LightLab Imaging for 93 million in net cash consideration and AGA Medical for 549 million in net cash consideration and 13.6 million shares of St. Jude Medical common stock. We also made an equity minority investment of 60 million in CardioMEMS. 
 Financing Cash Flows 
 Cash used in financing activities was 813 million in 2012 compared to 456 million in 2011 and 86 million in 2010. Our financing cash flows can fluctuate significantly depending upon our liquidity needs and the amount of stock option exercises and the extent of our common stock repurchases. Proceeds from the exercise of stock options and stock issued provided cash inflows of 119 million, 302 million and 152 million during fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. During 2012, we paid 992 million for repurchases of our common stock, which was financed by cash generated from operations and net commercial paper issuances of 321 million. We also paid 284 million of cash dividends to shareholders. During 2011, we paid 809 million for repurchases of our common stock, which was financed by cash generated from operations and net commercial paper issuances of 247 million. We also paid 205 million of cash dividends to shareholders. During 2010, we received gross proceeds of 940 million principal amount of senior notes in the United States and 20.9 billion Yen senior notes in Japan. We used the proceeds to repay our 1.02 Yen-denominated notes due in May 2010 (1.02 Yen Notes) totaling 20.9 billion Yen and retire a 3-year unsecured term loan totaling 432 million. Additionally, we paid 591 million for repurchases of our common stock, which was financed with the senior notes issuance and cash generated from operations. 
 
 DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES 
 Total debt increased to 3,080 million at December 29, 2012 from 2,796 million at December 31, 2011, primarily as a result of net commercial paper issuances of 321 million, the proceeds of which were used to repurchase our common stock. Our weighted average interest rate on outstanding long-term debt, inclusive of interest rate swaps, was 2.2 at December 29, 2012 and 2.3 at December 31, 2011. 
 We have a long-term 1.5 billion committed Credit Facility used to support our commercial paper program and for general corporate purposes. The Credit Facility expires in February 2015. Borrowings under this facility bear interest initially at LIBOR plus 0.875 , subject to adjustment in the event of a change in our credit ratings. Commitment fees under this Credit Facility are not material. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility as of December 29, 2012 or December 31, 2011. 
 Our commercial paper program provides for the issuance of short-term, unsecured commercial paper with maturities up to 270 days. At December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011 we had an outstanding commercial paper balance of 593 million and 272 million, respectively. During 2012 and 2011, our weighted average effective interest rate on our outstanding commercial paper borrowings was 0.23 and 0.25 , respectively. Any future commercial paper borrowings would bear interest at the applicable then-current market rates. Our predominant historical practice has been to issue commercial paper (up to the amount backed by our available borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility), as our commercial paper has historically been issued at lower interest rates. 
 In March 2010, we issued 450 million principal amount of 3-year, 2.20 senior notes (2013 Senior Notes) and used the proceeds to retire outstanding debt obligations. Interest payments on the 2013 Senior Notes are required on a semi-annual basis. We may redeem the 2013 Senior Notes at any time at the applicable redemption price. The 2013 Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with all of our existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness. 
 Concurrent with the issuance of the 2013 Senior Notes, we entered into a 3-year, 450 million notional amount interest rate swap designated as a fair value hedge of the changes in fair value of our fixed-rate 2013 Senior Notes. On November 8, 2010, we terminated the interest rate swap and received a cash payment of 19 million. The gain from terminating the interest rate swap agreement has been reflected as an increase to the carrying value of the debt and is being amortized as a reduction of interest expense over the remaining life of the 2013 Senior Notes. Refer to Note 13 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the interest rate swap. 
 15 

 Table of Contents 

 In July 2009, we issued 700 million aggregate principal amount of 5-year, 3.75 Senior Notes (2014 Senior Notes) and 500 million aggregate principal amount of 10-year, 4.875 Senior Notes (2019 Senior Notes). We used 500 million of the net proceeds from these issuances to retire outstanding borrowings. We may redeem the 2014 Senior Notes or 2019 Senior Notes at any time at the applicable redemption prices. Both the 2014 Senior Notes and 2019 Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with all of our existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness. 
 In December 2010, we issued our 500 million principal amount 5-year, 2.50 unsecured senior notes (2016 Senior Notes). The majority of the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2016 Senior Notes was used for general corporate purposes including the repurchase of our common stock. Interest payments are required on a semi-annual basis. We may redeem the 2016 Senior Notes at any time at the applicable redemption price. The 2016 Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with all of our existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness. 
 Concurrent with the issuance of the 2016 Senior Notes, we entered into a 5-year, 500 million notional amount interest rate swap designated as a fair value hedge of the changes in fair value of our fixed-rate 2016 Senior Notes. On June 7, 2012, we terminated the interest rate swap and received a cash payment of 24 million. The gain from terminating the interest rate swap agreement is reflected as an increase to the carrying value of the debt and is being amortized as a reduction of interest expense over the remaining life of the 2016 Senior Notes. Refer to Note 13 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the interest rate swap. 
 In April 2010, we issued 10-year, 2.04 unsecured senior notes in Japan (2.04 Yen Notes) totaling 12.8 billion Japanese Yen (the equivalent of 149 million at December 29, 2012) and 7-year, 1.58 unsecured senior notes in Japan (1.58 Yen Notes) totaling 8.1 billion Japanese Yen (the equivalent of 95 million at December 29, 2012). We used the proceeds from these issuances to retire outstanding debt obligations. Interest payments on the 2.04 Yen Notes and 1.58 Yen Notes are required on a semi-annual basis and the principal amounts recorded on the balance sheet fluctuate based on the effects of foreign currency translation. 
 In March 2011, we borrowed 6.5 billion Japanese Yen under uncommitted credit facilities with two commercial Japanese banks that provide for borrowings up to a maximum of 11.25 billion Japanese Yen. The outstanding 6.5 billion Japanese Yen balance was the equivalent of 76 million at December 29, 2012. The principal amount reflected on the balance sheet fluctuates based on the effects of foreign currency translation. Half of the borrowings bear interest at the Yen LIBOR plus 0.25 and mature in March 2013, and the other half of the borrowings bear interest at the Yen LIBOR plus 0.275 and mature in June 2013. The maturity dates of each credit facility automatically extend for a one-year period, unless we elect to terminate the credit facility. 
 Our Credit Facility and Yen Notes contain certain operating and financial covenants. Specifically, the Credit Facility requires that we have a leverage ratio (defined as the ratio of total debt to EBITDA (net earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization)) not exceeding 3.0 to 1.0. The Yen Notes require that we have a ratio of total debt to total capitalization not exceeding 60 and a ratio of consolidated EBIT (net earnings before interest and income taxes) to consolidated interest expense of at least 3.0 to 1.0. Under the Credit Facility, our senior notes and Yen Notes we also have certain limitations on how we conduct our business, including limitations on additional liens or indebtedness and limitations on certain acquisitions, mergers, investments and dispositions of assets. We were in compliance with all of our debt covenants as of December 29, 2012. 
 
 SHARE REPURCHASES 
 On November 29, 2012, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 1.0 billion of our outstanding common stock. We began repurchasing shares on December 5, 2012 and completed the repurchases under the program on February 2, 2013, repurchasing 26.8 million shares for 1.0 billion at an average repurchase price of 37.27 per share. From December 5, 2012 through December 29, 2012, we repurchased 12.9 million shares for 458 million at an average repurchase price of 35.60 per share. 
 On October 17, 2012, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 300 million of our outstanding common stock. We began repurchasing shares on October 19, 2012 and completed the repurchases under the program on November 6, 2012, repurchasing 7.7 million shares for 300 million at an average repurchase price of 38.97 per share. 
 On December 12, 2011, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 300 million of our outstanding common stock. We began repurchasing shares on January 27, 2012 and completed the repurchases under the program on February 8, 2012, repurchasing 7.1 million shares for 300 million at an average repurchase price of 42.14 per share. 
 On August 2, 2011, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 500 million of our outstanding common stock. We completed the repurchases under the program on August 29, 2011, repurchasing 11.7 million shares for 500 million at an average repurchase price of 42.79 per share. 
 16 

 Table of Contents 

On October 15, 2010, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 600 million of our outstanding common stock. On October 21, 2010, our Board of Directors authorized an additional 300 million of share repurchases as part of this share repurchase program. We completed the repurchases under the program on January 20, 2011, repurchasing a total of 22.0 million shares for 900 million at an average repurchase price of 40.87 per share. From January 1 through January 20, 2011, we repurchased 6.6 million shares for 275 million at an average repurchase price of 41.44 per share. 
 
 DIVIDENDS 
 During 2012, our Board of Directors authorized four quarterly cash dividend payments.The following table provides dividend authorization, shareholder record and dividend payable dates as well as the cash dividends declared per share. On February 23, 2013 our Board of Directors authorized a cash dividend of 0.25 per share payable on April 30, 2013 to shareholders of record as of March 29, 2013. We expect to continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the foreseeable future, subject to Board approval. Board of Directors 
 Dividend Authorization Date 
 Shareholders 
 Record Date 
 Dividend 
 Payable Date 
 Cash Dividends 
 Declared 
 Per Share 
 February 24, 2012 
 March 30, 2012 
 April 30, 2012 
 
 0.23 
 
 May 2, 2012 
 June 29, 2012 
 July 31, 2012 
 0.23 
 
 August 1, 2012 
 September 28, 2012 
 October 31, 2012 
 0.23 
 
 December 11, 2012 
 December 31, 2012 
 January 31, 2013 
 0.23 
 
 Total dividends declared per share during 2012 

0.92 

During 2011, our Board of Directors authorized four quarterly cash dividend payments. The following table provides dividend authorization, shareholder record and dividend payable dates during 2011 as well as the cash dividends declared per share. Prior to 2011, we had not declared or paid any cash dividends since 1994. Board of Directors 
 Dividend Authorization Date 
 Shareholders 
 Record Date 
 Dividend 
 Payable Date 
 Cash Dividends 
 Declared 
 Per Share 
 February 26, 2011 
 March 31, 2011 
 April 29, 2011 
 
 0.21 
 
 May 11, 2011 
 June 30, 2011 
 July 29, 2011 
 0.21 
 
 August 2, 2011 
 September 30, 2011 
 October 31, 2011 
 0.21 
 
 December 13, 2011 
 December 30, 2011 
 January 31, 2012 
 0.21 
 
 Total dividends declared per share during 2011 

0.84 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 We believe that our off-balance sheet arrangements do not have a material current or anticipated future effect on our consolidated earnings, financial position or cash flows. Our off-balance sheet arrangements principally consist of operating leases for various facilities and equipment, purchase commitments and contingent acquisition commitments. 
 In the normal course of business, we periodically enter into agreements that require us to indemnify customers or suppliers for specific risks, such as claims for injury or property damage arising out of our products or the negligence of our personnel or claims alleging that our products infringe third-party patents or other intellectual property. In addition, under our bylaws and indemnification agreements we have entered into with our executive officers and directors, we may be required to indemnify our executive officers and directors for losses arising from their conduct in an official capacity on behalf of St. Jude Medical. We may also be required to indemnify officers and directors of certain companies that we have acquired for losses arising from their conduct on behalf of their companies prior to the closing of our acquisition. Our maximum exposure under these indemnification obligations cannot be estimated, and we have not accrued any liabilities within our consolidated financial statements or included any indemnification provisions in our commitments table. Historically, we have not experienced significant losses on these types of indemnification obligations. 
 In addition to the amounts shown in the following table, our noncurrent liability for unrecognized tax benefits was 314 million as of December 29, 2012, and we are uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled. Related to these unrecognized tax benefits, our liability for potential penalties and interest was 69 million as of December 29, 2012. 
 17 

 Table of Contents 

 A summary of contractual obligations and other minimum commercial commitments as of December 29, 2012 is as follows (in millions): 
 Payments Due by Period 

Less than 
 1-3 
 3-5 
 More than 
 
 Total 
 1 Year 
 Years 
 Years 
 5 Years 
 Contractual obligations related to 

off-balance sheet arrangements: 

Operating leases 
 
 125 

37 

49 

30 

9 
 
 Purchase commitments (a) 
 431 
 
 377 
 
 47 
 
 5 
 
 2 
 
 Contingent consideration payments (b) 
 78 
 
 51 
 
 26 
 
 1 

Total 
 634 
 
 465 
 
 122 
 
 36 
 
 11 

Contractual obligations reflected 

in the balance sheet: 

Debt obligations (c) 
 3,343 
 
 591 
 
 1,390 
 
 655 
 
 707 
 
 Total 
 
 3,977 

1,056 

1,512 

691 

718 

(a) 
 
 These amounts include commitments for inventory purchases and capital expenditures that do not exceed our projected requirements and are in the normal course of business. The purchase commitment amounts do not represent the entire anticipated purchases and capital expenditures in the future, but only those for which we are contractually obligated. 

(b) 
 
 These amounts include contingent commitments to acquire various businesses involved in the distribution of our products and other contingent acquisition consideration payments. In connection with certain acquisitions, we may agree to provide additional consideration payments upon the achievement of certain product development milestones, which may include but are not limited to: successful levels of achievement in clinical trials and certain product regulatory approvals. We may also provide for additional consideration payments to be made upon the achievement of certain levels of future product sales. While it is not certain if and/or when these payments will be made, we have included the payments in the table based on our best estimates of the dates when we expect the milestones and/or contingencies will be met. 

(c) 
 
 Includes current debt obligations, scheduled maturities of long-term debt and scheduled interest payments (inclusive of interest rate swap payments). See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our debt obligations. 

MARKET RISK 
 Foreign Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations due to transactions denominated primarily in Euros, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollars, Australian Dollars, Brazilian Reals, British Pounds and Swedish Kronor. When the U.S. Dollar weakens against foreign currencies, the dollar value of sales denominated in foreign currencies increases. When the U.S. Dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, the dollar value of sales denominated in foreign currencies decreases. A hypothetical 10 change in the value of the U.S. Dollar in relation to our foreign currency denominated sales would have an impact of approximately 273 million on our 2012 net sales. This amount is not indicative of the hypothetical net earnings impact due to partially offsetting impacts on the related cost of sales and operating expenses in the applicable foreign currencies. 
 
 Derivative Financial Instrument Risk 
 
 During 2012, 2011 and 2010, we hedged a portion of our foreign currency transaction risk through the use of forward exchange contracts. We use forward exchange contracts to manage foreign currency exposures related to intercompany receivables and payables arising from intercompany purchases of manufactured products. These forward contracts are not designated as qualifying hedging relationships under ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging (ASC Topic 815). We measure our foreign currency exchange rate contracts at fair value on a recurring basis. The fair value of all outstanding contracts was immaterial at December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011. During 2012 and 2011, we recognized a net gain of 7 million and a net loss of 3 million, respectively, to other income (expense) for our forward currency exchange contracts not designated as hedging 
 18 

 Table of Contents 

 instruments under ASC Topic 815. The net loss recognized in 2010 was immaterial. The net gains and losses were almost entirely offset by corresponding net losses and gains on the foreign currency exposures being managed. We do not enter into contracts for trading or speculative purposes. Our policy is to enter into hedging contracts with major financial institutions that have at least an A (or equivalent) credit rating. Although we are exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by counterparties on our outstanding derivative contracts, we do not anticipate nonperformance by any of the counterparties. We continue to evaluate our foreign currency exchange rate risk and the different mechanisms for use in managing such risk, including using derivative financial instruments and operational hedges, such as international manufacturing operations. Our derivative financial instruments accounting policy is discussed in detail in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Although we have not entered into any derivative hedging contracts to hedge the net asset exposure of our foreign subsidiaries, we have elected to use natural hedging strategies in certain geographies. We have naturally hedged a portion of our Yen-denominated net asset exposure by issuing long-term Yen-denominated debt. 
 Fair Value Risk 
 We are also exposed to fair value risk on our Senior Notes and Yen Notes. As of December 29, 2012, the aggregate fair value of our Senior Notes (measured using quoted prices in active markets) was 2,521 million compared to the aggregate carrying value of 2,412 million (inclusive of the interest rate swaps). Our 2014 Senior Notes have a fixed interest rate of 3.75 , our 2019 Senior Notes have a fixed rate of interest of 4.875 , our 2016 Senior Notes have a fixed rate of interest of 2.50 and our 2013 Senior Notes have a fixed rate of interest of 2.20 . A hypothetical one-percentage point change in the interest rates would have an aggregate impact of approximately 60 million on the fair value of our Senior Notes. As of December 29, 2012, the fair value of our yen-denominated notes (2.04 Yen Notes and 1.58 Yen Notes), both of which have a fixed interest rate, approximated their carrying value. A hypothetical one-percentage point change in the interest rates would have an aggregate impact of approximately 14 million on the fair value of the yen-denominated notes. 
 Our variable-rate debt consists of our commercial paper borrowings in the United States and our yen-denominated credit facilities in Japan. Assuming average outstanding borrowings of 371 million during 2012, a hypothetical one-percentage point change in the interest rates would have an impact of approximately 4 million on our 2012 interest expense. 
 We are also exposed to equity market risk on our marketable equity security investments. We hold certain marketable equity securities of publically-traded companies. Our investments in these companies had a fair value of 41 million at December 29, 2012, which are subject to the underlying price risk of the public equity markets. 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, derivative financial instruments and accounts receivable. We invest our excess cash in bank deposits, commercial paper or money market funds and diversify the concentration of cash among different financial institutions. Counterparties to our derivative financial instruments are limited to major financial institutions. We perform periodic evaluations of the relative credit standings of these financial institutions and limit the amount of credit exposure with any one financial institution. While we do not require collateral or other security to be furnished by the counterparties to our derivative financial instruments, we minimize exposure to credit risk by dealing with a diversified group of major financial institutions and actively monitoring outstanding positions. 
 Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable are generally limited due to our large number of customers and their diversity across many geographic areas. A portion of our trade accounts receivable outside the United States, however, include sales to government-owned or supported healthcare systems in several countries, which are subject to payment delays. Payment is dependent upon the financial stability and creditworthiness of those countries' national economies. Deteriorating credit and economic conditions in parts of Southern Europe, particularly in Italy, Spain, Portugal and Greece may continue to increase the average length of time it takes us to collect our accounts receivable or also increase our risk of fully collecting our accounts receivable in these countries. 
 We continually evaluate all government receivables for potential collection risks associated with the availability of government funding, reimbursement practices, and economic conditions. During 2011, we recognized 66 million of accounts receivable reserves for increased collection risk associated with certain customer accounts receivable in Europe. If the financial condition of customers or the countries' healthcare systems continue to deteriorate such that their ability to make payments is uncertain, additional allowances may be required in future periods. Our aggregate accounts receivable balance, net of the allowance for doubtful accounts, as of December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011 in Italy, Spain, Portugal and Greece was approximately 344 million and 322 million, respectively, which made up 26 and 24 , respectively, of our consolidated net accounts receivable balance. No significant accounts receivable allowance charges were recognized in 2012. 
 
 19 

 Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS 
 In this discussion and in other written or oral statements made from time to time, we have included and may include statements that constitute forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, new products, future performance and business of St. Jude Medical, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Statements preceded by, followed by or that include words such as may, will, expect, anticipate, continue, estimate, forecast , project, believe or similar expressions are intended to identify some of the forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are included, along with this statement, for purposes of complying with the safe harbor provisions of that Act. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. By identifying these statements for you in this manner, we are alerting you to the possibility that actual results may differ, possibly materially, from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements due to, among others, the risks and uncertainties discussed in the previous section entitled Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations, Market Risk and Competition and Other Considerations and in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as the various factors described below. Since it is not possible to foresee all such factors, you should not consider these factors to be a complete list of all risks or uncertainties. We believe the most significant factors that could affect our future operations and results are set forth in the list below. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

 1 
 . 
 Any legislative or administrative reform to the U.S. Medicare or Medicaid systems or international reimbursement systems that significantly reduces reimbursement for procedures using our medical devices or denies coverage for such procedures, as well as adverse decisions relating to our products by administrators of such systems on coverage or reimbursement issues. 
 2 
 . 
 Assertion, acquisition or grant of key patents by or to others that have the effect of excluding us from market segments or requiring us to pay royalties. 
 3 
 . 
 Economic factors, including inflation, contraction in capital markets, changes in interest rates and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 4 
 . 
 Product introductions by competitors that have advanced technology, better features or lower pricing. 
 5 
 . 
 The loss of, or price increases by, suppliers of key components, some of which are sole-sourced. 
 6 
 . 
 A reduction in the number of procedures using our devices caused by cost-containment pressures, publication of adverse study results, initiation of investigations of our customers related to our devices or the development of or preferences for alternative therapies. 
 7 
 . 
 Safety, performance or efficacy concerns about our products, many of which are expected to be implanted for many years, some of which may lead to recalls and/or advisories with the attendant expenses and declining sales. 
 8 
 . 
 Declining industry-wide sales caused by product quality issues or recalls or advisories by us or our competitors that result in loss of physician and/or patient confidence in the safety, performance or efficacy of sophisticated medical devices in general and/or the types of medical devices recalled in particular. 
 9 
 . 
 Changes in laws, regulations or administrative practices affecting government regulation of our products, such as FDA regulations, including those that decrease the probability or increase the time and/or expense of obtaining approval for products or impose additional burdens on the manufacture and sale of medical devices. 
 10 
 . 
 Regulatory actions arising from concern over Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy, sometimes referred to as mad cow disease, that have the effect of limiting our ability to market products using bovine collagen, such as Angio-Seal , or products using bovine pericardial material, such as our Biocor , Epic and Trifecta tissue heart valves, or that impose added costs on the procurement of bovine collagen or bovine pericardial material. 
 11 
 . 
 Our ability to fund future product liability losses related to claims made subsequent to becoming self-insured. 
 12 
 . 
 Severe weather or other natural disasters that can adversely impact customers purchasing patterns and/or patient implant procedures or cause damage to the facilities of our critical suppliers or one or more of our facilities, such as an earthquake affecting our facilities in California or a hurricane affecting our facilities in Puerto Rico. 
 13 
 . 
 Healthcare industry changes leading to demands for price concessions and/or limitations on, or the elimination of, our ability to sell in significant market segments. 
 14 
 . 
 Adverse developments in investigations and governmental proceedings. 
 15 
 . 
 Adverse developments in litigation, including product liability litigation, patent or other intellectual property litigation, qui tam litigation or shareholder litigation. 
 16 
 . 
 Inability to successfully integrate the businesses that we have acquired in recent years and that we plan to acquire. 
 17 
 . 
 Failure to successfully complete or unfavorable data from clinical trials for our products or new indications for our products and/or failure to successfully develop markets for such new indications. 
 18 
 . 
 Changes in accounting rules or tax laws that adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 19 
 . 
 The disruptions in the financial markets and the economic downturn that adversely impact the availability and cost of credit and customer purchasing and payment patterns, including the collectability of customer accounts receivable. 
 20 
 . 
 Conditions imposed in resolving, or any inability to timely resolve, any regulatory issues raised by the FDA, including Form 483 observations or warning letters, as well as risks generally associated with our regulatory compliance and quality systems. 
 21 
 . 
 Governmental legislation, including the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, and/or regulation that significantly impacts the healthcare system in the United States or in international markets and that results in lower reimbursement for procedures using our products, reduces medical procedure volumes or otherwise adversely affects our business and results of operations, including the U.S. medical device excise tax. 
 22 
 . 
 Our inability to realize the expected benefits from our restructuring initiatives and continuous improvement efforts and the negative unintended consequences such activity could have. 
 23 
 . 
 Our inability to maintain, protect and enhance our existing information technology systems and to develop new systems. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Report of Management 
 Management's Report on the Financial Statements 
 We are responsible for the preparation, integrity and objectivity of the accompanying financial statements. The financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and include amounts which reflect management's best estimates based on its informed judgment and consideration given to materiality. We are also responsible for the accuracy of the related data in the annual report and its consistency with the financial statements. 
 Audit Committee Oversight 
 The adequacy of our internal accounting controls, the accounting principles employed in our financial reporting and the scope of independent and internal audits are reviewed by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, consisting solely of independent directors. The independent registered public accounting firm meets with, and has confidential access to, the Audit Committee to discuss the results of its audit work. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the CEO and the CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 29, 2012. Ernst Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has also audited the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2012 as stated in its report which is included herein. 
 
 /s/ Daniel J. Starks 
 Daniel J. Starks 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 /s/ Donald J. Zurbay 
 Donald J. Zurbay 
 Vice President. Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
 22 

 Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 of St. Jude Medical, Inc. 
 
 We have audited St. Jude Medical, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). St. Jude Medical, Inc.'s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying titled Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 In our opinion, St. Jude Medical, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2012, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of St. Jude Medical, Inc. as of December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended December 29, 2012, and our report date d February 26, 2013, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 February 26, 2013 
 23 

 Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 of St. Jude Medical, Inc. 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of St. Jude Medical, Inc. as of December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 29, 2012. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of St. Jude Medical, Inc. at December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 29, 2012, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), St. Jude Medical Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report d ated February 26, 2013, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 February 26, 2013 
 24 

 Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended 
 December 29, 2012 
 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 January 1, 2011 
 Net sales 
 
 5,503 

5,612 

5,164 
 
 Cost of sales: 

Cost of sales before special charges 
 1,445 

1,486 

1,382 
 
 Special charges 
 93 

47 

28 
 
 Total cost of sales 
 1,538 

1,533 

1,410 
 
 Gross profit 
 3,965 

4,079 

3,754 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 1,891 

2,084 

1,818 
 
 Research and development expense 
 676 

705 

631 
 
 Purchased in-process research and development charges 

4 

12 
 
 Special charges 
 298 

171 

17 
 
 Operating profit 
 1,100 

1,115 

1,276 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 (95) 
 
 (96) 
 
 (68) 
 Earnings before income taxes 
 1,005 

1,019 

1,208 
 
 Income tax expense 
 253 

193 

301 
 
 Net earnings 
 
 752 

826 

907 
 
 Net earnings per share: 

Basic 
 
 2.40 

2.55 

2.76 
 
 Diluted 
 
 2.39 

2.52 

2.75 
 
 Cash dividends declared per share: 
 
 0.92 

0.84 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 
 313.3 

324.3 

328.2 
 
 Diluted 
 314.8 

327.1 

330.5 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 25 

 Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions) 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended 
 December 29, 2012 
 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 January 1, 2011 
 Net earnings 
 
 752 

826 

907 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes of 1 million, 2 million and 2 million, respectively 
 10 

3 

6 
 
 Reclassification of realized gain on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes of 6 million and 2 million, respectively 
 (8) 

(3) 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes 
 28 

(71) 
 
 (13) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 30 

(68) 
 
 (10) 
 Total comprehensive income 
 
 782 

758 

897 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 26 

 Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except par value and share amounts) 
 
 December 29, 2012 
 
 December 31, 2011 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 1,194 

986 
 
 Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts 
 1,349 

1,367 
 
 Inventories 
 610 

624 
 
 Deferred income taxes, net 
 220 

225 
 
 Other current assets 
 178 

182 
 
 Total current assets 
 3,551 

3,384 
 
 Property, Plant and Equipment 

Land, building and improvements 
 602 

528 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 1,603 

1,546 
 
 Diagnostic equipment 
 424 

380 
 
 Property, plant and equipment at cost 
 2,629 

2,454 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 (1,204) 
 
 (1,066) 
 Net property, plant and equipment 
 1,425 

1,388 
 
 Goodwill 
 2,961 

2,953 
 
 Intangible assets, net 
 804 

856 
 
 Other assets 
 530 

537 
 
 TOTAL ASSETS 
 
 9,271 

9,118 
 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Current debt obligations 
 
 530 

83 
 
 Accounts payable 
 254 

202 
 
 Dividends payable 
 68 

67 
 
 Income taxes payable 
 142 

1 
 
 Employee compensation and related benefits 
 299 

305 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 482 

403 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 1,775 

1,061 
 
 Long-term debt 
 2,550 

2,713 
 
 Deferred income taxes, net 
 323 

392 
 
 Other liabilities 
 529 

477 
 
 Total liabilities 
 5,177 

4,643 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 

Shareholders Equity 

Preferred stock 1.00 par value; 25,000,000 shares authorized; none outstanding) 

Common stock 0.10 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 295,648,327 and 319,615,965 shares issued and outstanding at December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively) 
 30 

32 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 

43 
 
 Retained earnings 
 4,018 

4,384 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): 

Cumulative translation adjustment 
 26 

(2) 
 Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities 
 20 

18 
 
 Total shareholders equity 
 4,094 

4,475 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 9,271 

9,118 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 27 

 Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in millions, except share amounts) 

Accumulated 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Other 
 Total 
 
 Number of 
 
 Paid-In 
 Retained 
 Comprehensive 
 Shareholders' 
 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Income (Loss) 
 Equity 
 Balance at January 2, 2010 
 324,537,581 

33 

6 

3,192 

94 

3,325 
 
 Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

907 

907 
 
 Other comprehensive loss 

(10) 
 (10) 
 Total comprehensive income 

897 
 
 Repurchases of common stock 
 (15,388,500) 
 (2) 
 (623) 

(625) 
 Stock-based compensation 

70 

70 
 
 Common stock issued under stock 

plans and other, net 
 6,293,732 
 
 1 
 
 151 

152 
 
 Common stock issued in 

connection with an acquisition 
 13,575,353 
 
 1 
 
 532 

533 
 
 Tax benefit from stock plans 

20 

20 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2011 
 329,018,166 
 
 33 
 
 156 
 
 4,099 
 
 84 
 
 4,372 
 
 Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

826 

826 
 
 Other comprehensive loss 

(68) 
 (68) 
 Total comprehensive income 

758 
 
 Cash dividends declared 

(272) 
 
 (272) 
 Repurchases of common stock 
 (18,314,774) 
 (2) 
 (504) 
 (269) 
 
 (775) 
 Stock-based compensation 

76 

76 
 
 Common stock issued under stock 

plans and other, net 
 8,912,573 
 
 1 
 
 302 

303 
 
 Tax benefit from stock plans 

13 

13 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2011 
 319,615,965 
 
 32 
 
 43 
 
 4,384 
 
 16 
 
 4,475 
 
 Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

752 

752 
 
 Other comprehensive income 

30 
 
 30 
 
 Total comprehensive income 

782 
 
 Cash dividends declared 

(284) 
 
 (284) 
 Repurchases of common stock 
 (27,670,874) 
 (3) 
 (221) 
 (834) 
 
 (1,058) 
 Stock-based compensation 

69 

69 
 
 Common stock issued under stock 

plans and other, net 
 3,703,236 
 
 1 
 
 118 

119 
 
 Tax shortfall from stock plans 

(9) 

(9) 
 Balance at December 29, 2012 
 295,648,327 

30 

4,018 

46 

4,094 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 28 

 Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 Fiscal Year Ended 
 December 29, 2012 
 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 January 1, 2011 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net earnings 
 
 752 

826 

907 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash from operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 
 284 

296 

244 
 
 Amortization of debt discount (premium), net 
 (11) 
 
 (5) 
 
 1 
 
 Inventory step-up amortization 

30 

9 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 69 

76 

70 
 
 Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 
 (1) 
 
 (9) 
 
 (17) 
 Investment impairment charges 

5 
 
 Gain on sale of investments 
 (14) 

(5) 
 Purchased in-process research and development charges 

4 

12 
 
 Deferred income taxes 
 (77) 
 
 (65) 
 
 (34) 
 Other, net 
 106 

78 

17 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of business acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 
 13 

(55) 
 
 (123) 
 Inventories 
 13 

10 

42 
 
 Other current assets 
 4 

48 

(30) 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 29 

39 

164 
 
 Income taxes payable 
 168 

14 

12 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 1,335 

1,287 

1,274 
 
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 
 (280) 
 
 (307) 
 
 (305) 
 Business acquisition payments, net of cash acquired 

(679) 
 Proceeds from sale of investments 
 19 

8 
 
 Other investing activities, net 
 (52) 
 
 (30) 
 
 (105) 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (313) 
 
 (337) 
 
 (1,081) 
 FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options and stock issued 
 119 

302 

152 
 
 Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 
 1 

9 

17 
 
 Common stock repurchased, including related costs 
 (992) 
 
 (809) 
 
 (591) 
 Dividends paid 
 (284) 
 
 (205) 

Issuances of commercial paper borrowings, net 
 321 

247 

26 
 
 Borrowings under debt facilities 

78 

940 
 
 Payments under debt facilities 

(78) 
 
 (620) 
 Other financing activities, net 
 22 

(10) 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (813) 
 
 (456) 
 
 (86) 
 Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 (1) 
 
 (8) 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 208 

486 

107 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 986 

500 

393 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 
 1,194 

986 

500 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Income taxes 
 
 177 

203 

308 
 
 Interest 
 
 69 

68 

63 
 
 Noncash investing activities: 

Issuance of stock in connection with acquisition 

534 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 29 

 Table of Contents 

 ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Company Overview: St. Jude Medical, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (St. Jude Medical or the Company) develops, manufactures and distributes cardiovascular medical devices for the global cardiac rhythm management, cardiovascular and atrial fibrillation therapy areas and implantable neurostimulation devices for the management of chronic pain. The Company's principal products in each therapy area are as follows: Cardiac Rhythm Management - tachycardia implantable cardioverter defibrillator systems (ICDs) and bradycardia pacemaker systems (pacemakers); Cardiovascular - vascular products, which include vascular closure products, pressure measurement guidewires, optical coherence tomography (OCT) imaging products, vascular plugs and other vascular accessories, and structural heart products, which include heart valve replacement and repair products and structural heart defect devices; Atrial Fibrillation - electrophysiology (EP) introducers and catheters, advanced cardiac mapping, navigation and recording systems and ablation systems; and Neuromodulation - neurostimulation products, which include spinal cord and deep brain stimulation devices. The Company markets and sells its products primarily through a direct sales force. The principal geographic markets for the Company's products are the United States, Europe, Japan and Asia Pacific. 
 During the third quarter of 2012, the Company announced the realignment of its product divisions into two new operating divisions: the Cardiovascular and Ablation Technologies Division (CATD) (combining its legacy Cardiovascular (CV) and Atrial Fibrillation (AF) product divisions) and the Implantable Electronic Systems Division (IESD) (combining its Cardiac Rhythm Management (CRM) and Neuromodulation (NMD) product divisions). In addition, the Company centralized certain support functions, including information technology, human resources, legal, business development and certain marketing functions. While this divisional realignment was effective August 30, 2012, the Company continued to report under its legacy operating segment structure for internal management financial forecasting and reporting purposes through the end of fiscal year 2012. The Company will report under the new organizational structure effective the beginning of fiscal year 2013. 
 Principles of Consolidation : The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 Fiscal Year : The Company utilizes a 52/53-week fiscal year ending on the Saturday nearest December 31 st . Fiscal year 2012, 2011 and 2010 consisted of 52 weeks and ended on December 29, 2012, December 31, 2011 and January 1, 2011, respectively. 
 Reclassifications : Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. 
 Use of Estimates : Preparation of the Company's consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Cash Equivalents : The Company considers highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates fair value. The Company's cash equivalents include bank certificates of deposit, money market funds and instruments and commercial paper investments. The Company performs periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of the financial institutions and issuers of its cash equivalents and limits the amount of credit exposure with any one issuer. 
 Marketable Securities : Marketable securities consist of publicly-traded equity securities that are classified as available-for-sale securities and investments in mutual funds that are classified as trading securities. On the balance sheet, available-for-sale securities and trading securities are classified as other current assets and other assets, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes the components of the balance of the Company's available-for-sale securities at December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011 (in millions): 
 
 December 29, 2012 
 
 December 31, 2011 
 Adjusted cost 
 
 9 

9 
 
 Gross unrealized gains 
 32 

30 
 
 Fair value 
 
 41 

39 

Available-for-sale securities are reported at fair value based upon quoted market prices (see Note 12). Unrealized gains and losses, net of related incomes taxes, are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders' equity. Upon the sale of an available-for-sale security, the unrealized gain (loss) is reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income and reflected as a realized gain (loss) in net earnings. Realized gains (losses) are computed using the specific identification method and recognized as other income (expense). During 2012 and 2010, the Company sold available-for-sale 
 30 

 Table of Contents 

 securities, recognizing realized after-tax gains of 8 million and 3 million , respectively. The total pre-tax gains of 14 million and 5 million were recognized as other income (see Note 9) during 2012 and 2010, respectively. There were no realized gains (losses) from the sale of available-for-sale securities recorded during fiscal year 2011. Additionally, when the fair value of an available-for-sale security falls below its original cost and the Company determines that the corresponding unrealized loss is other-than-temporary, the Company recognizes an impairment loss to net earnings in the period the determination is made. 
 
 The Company's investments in mutual funds are reported at fair market value based upon quoted market prices (see Note 12) and are held in a rabbi trust, which is not available for general corporate purposes and is subject to creditor claims in the event of insolvency. These investments are specifically designated as available to the Company solely for the purpose of paying benefits under the Company's deferred compensation plan (see Note 11). 
 Accounts Receivable : The Company grants credit to customers in the normal course of business, but generally does not require collateral or any other security to support its receivables. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for potential credit losses. In Greece, the Company had sold its products through a distributor through early 2012. In February 2012, an agreement was reached between the Greek government and the European Union and International Monetary Fund whereby creditors would swap existing Greek government bonds for new bonds with a significant reduction in face value, a longer term and lower interest rates. This agreement, among other macroeconomic and factors specific to the distributor, negatively impacted the solvency and liquidity of the Company's Greek distributor, raising significant doubt regarding the collectability of the Company's outstanding receivable balance. As a result, the Company recognized a 57 million accounts receivable allowance charge in the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, which was subsequently written off during 2012. No significant accounts receivable allowance charges were recognized in 2012. The Company's total allowance for doubtful accounts was 47 million and 101 million at December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively. 
 Inventories : Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market with cost determined using the first-in, first-out method. Inventories consisted of the following (in millions): 

December 29, 2012 
 
 December 31, 2011 
 Finished goods 
 
 416 

438 
 
 Work in process 
 50 

54 
 
 Raw materials 
 144 

132 

610 

624 

Property, Plant and Equipment : Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost and are depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, ranging from 15 years to 39 years years for buildings and improvements, three to 15 years years for machinery and equipment, including capitalized development costs for internal-use software, and three to seven years for diagnostic equipment. Diagnostic equipment primarily consists of programmers that are used by physicians and healthcare professionals to program and analyze data from ICDs and pacemakers. Diagnostic equipment also includes other capital equipment provided by us to customers for use in diagnostic and surgical procedures. The estimated useful lives of this equipment are based on anticipated usage by physicians and healthcare professionals and the timing and impact of expected new technology platforms and rollouts by the Company. Property, plant and equipment are depreciated using accelerated methods for income tax purposes. During 2012, 2011 and 2010, depreciation expense was 196 million , 203 million , and 178 million , respectively. 
 Goodwill : Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of identifiable net assets of a business acquired. Goodwill for each reporting unit is reviewed for impairment at least annually. As of December 29, 2012, the Company has four reporting units consisting of its four operating segments (see Note 14). The Company assesses goodwill impairment by considering qualitative factors such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, financial performance, entity specific events, changes in net assets and sustained decrease in share price. If the qualitative assessment results in a determination that the fair value of a reporting unit is more- likely- than-not "likely" meaning having a likelihood of more than 50 greater than its carrying amount, no additional testing is considered necessary. However, if the Company determines the fair value is more- likely- than-not below the carrying value of a reporting unit, the Company performs the two-step goodwill impairment test required by Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other . In the first step, the Company compares the fair value of each reporting unit, as computed primarily by present value cash flow calculations, to its book carrying value, including goodwill. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, the goodwill of the reporting unit is potentially impaired and the Company would complete step 2 in order to measure the potential impairment loss. In step 2, the Company calculates the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net assets (including unrecognized intangible assets) of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit (as determined in step 1). If the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying value of goodwill, the Company would 
 31 

 Table of Contents 

 recognize an impairment loss equal to the difference. During the fourth quarters of 2012 and 2011, the Company concluded that it was unlikely that the fair value was less than its carry value based on its qualitative assessment. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2010, the Company completed its quantitative goodwill impairment assessment under previous accounting guidance and determined there was no evidence of impairment associated with the carrying values of goodwill for its reporting units. 
 Other Intangible Assets : Other intangible assets consist of purchased technology and patents, in-process research and development (IPR D) acquired in a business acquisition, customer lists and relationships, trademarks and tradenames, licenses and distribution agreements. Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life ranging from three to 20 years. Certain trademark assets are considered indefinite-lived intangible assets and are not amortized. 
 The Company's policy defines IPR D as the value of technology acquired for which the related products have not yet reached technological feasibility and have no future alternative use. The primary basis for determining the technological feasibility of these projects is obtaining regulatory approval to market the underlying products in an applicable geographic region. IPR D acquired in a business acquisition is subject to ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations , which requires the fair value of IPR D to be capitalized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until completion of the IPR D project or abandonment. Upon completion of the development project (generally when regulatory approval to market the product is obtained), the IPR D is amortized over its estimated useful life. If the IPR D projects are abandoned, the related IPR D assets would likely be impaired and written down to fair value. The purchase of certain intellectual property assets or the rights to such intellectual property is considered a purchase of assets rather than the acquisition of a business. For such purchases, rather than being capitalized, any IPR D acquired in such asset purchases is expensed immediately. 
 The Company also reviews its indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually to determine if any adverse conditions exist that would indicate impairment or when impairment indicators exist. The Company assesses its indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment similar to goodwill by considering qualitative factors such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, financial performance, entity specific events, changes in net assets and sustained decrease in share price. Similar to the goodwill impairment analysis, if the qualitative assessment results in a determination that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is more- likely- than-not "likely" meaning having a likelihood of more than 50 greater than its carrying amount, no additional testing is considered necessary. However, if the Company determines the fair value of its indefinite-lived intangible assets is more- likely- than-not below the carrying value, impairment indicators exist. The Company then analyzes the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to quantitatively determine if the carrying value exceeds the asset's expected undiscounted future cash flows. If the carrying value exceeds the undiscounted future cash flows, the asset is written down to the fair value, which the Company determines by a present value cash flow calculation. 
 The Company also reviews its definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when impairment indicators exist. When impairment indicators exist, the Company determines if the carrying value of its definite-lived intangible assets exceeds the related undiscounted future cash flows. In cases where the carrying value exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, the carrying value is written down to fair value, which the Company determines using present value cash flow calculations. During 2012, the Company recognized impairment charges of 31 million associated with purchased technology assets in the Company's NMD, AF and CV businesses as their future expected undiscounted cash flows did not exceed the carrying value of the related assets. During both 2012 and 2011, the Company recognized 2 million and 52 million , respectively, of intangible asset impairments associated with customer relationship intangible assets acquired in connection with legacy acquisitions of businesses involved in the distribution of the Company's products. Due to the changing dynamics of the U.S. healthcare market, specifically as it relates to hospital purchasing practices, these intangible assets were determined to have no future discrete cash flows and were fully impaired in the respective periods. There was no impairment of the Company's intangible assets during fiscal year 2010. See Note 8 for further detail regarding the intangible asset impairments recognized during fiscal years 2012 and 2011. 
 Product Warranties : The Company offers a warranty on various products; the most significant of which relate to pacemaker and ICD systems. The Company estimates the costs that may be incurred under its warranties and records a liability in the amount of such costs at the time the product is sold. Factors that affect the Company's warranty liability include the number of units sold, historical and anticipated rates of warranty claims and cost per claim. The Company periodically assesses the adequacy of its recorded warranty liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary. 
 
 32 

 Table of Contents 

 Changes in the Company's product warranty liability during fiscal years 2012 and 2011 were as follows (in millions): 

2012 
 
 2011 
 Balance at beginning of period 
 
 36 

25 
 
 Warranty expense recognized 
 5 

15 
 
 Warranty credits issued 
 (3) 
 
 (4) 
 Balance at end of period 
 
 38 

36 

Product Liability : Based on historical loss trends, the Company accrues for product liability claims through its self-insurance program in effort to adequately cover future losses. Additionally, the Company accrues for product liability claims when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. Receivables for insurance recoveries from prior product liability insurance coverage are recognized when it is probable that a recovery will be realized. The Company has not incurred a significant amount of product liability charges during fiscal years 2012, 2011 or 2010. 
 
 Litigation : The Company accrues a liability for costs related to litigation, including future legal costs, settlements and judgments where it has assessed that a loss is probable and an amount can be reasonably estimated. 
 Revenue Recognition : The Company sells its products to hospitals primarily through a direct sales force. In certain international markets, the Company sells its products through independent distributors. The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists, delivery of goods occurs through the transfer of title and risks and rewards of ownership, the selling price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. A portion of the Company's inventory is held by field sales representatives or consigned at hospitals. Revenue is recognized at the time the Company is notified that the inventory has been implanted or used by the customer. For products that are not consigned, revenue recognition occurs upon shipment to the hospital or, in the case of distributors, when title transfers under the contract. The Company offers sales rebates and discounts to certain customers. The Company records such rebates and discounts as a reduction of net sales in the same period revenue is recognized. The Company estimates rebates based on customers' contracted terms and historical sales experience. 
 Research and Development : Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs include product development costs, pre-approval regulatory costs and clinical research expenses. 
 Stock-Based Compensation : The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation (ASC Topic 718). Under the fair value recognition provisions of ASC Topic 718, the Company measures stock-based compensation cost at the grant date fair value and recognizes the compensation expense over the requisite service period, which is the vesting period, using a straight-line attribution method. 
 The amount of stock-based compensation expense recognized during a period is based on the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest. The Company estimates pre-vesting award forfeitures at the time of grant by analyzing historical data and revises those estimates in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Ultimately, the total expense recognized over the vesting period will only be for those awards that vest. The Company's awards are not eligible to vest early in the event of retirement, however, the majority of the Company's awards vest early in the event of a change in control. 
 Net Earnings Per Share : Basic net earnings per share is computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted average number of outstanding common shares during the period, exclusive of restricted stock awards. Diluted net earnings per share is computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted average number of outstanding common shares and dilutive securities. 
 33 

 Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net earnings per share for fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010 (in millions, except per share amounts): 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Numerator: 

Net earnings 
 
 752 

826 

907 
 
 Denominator: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 
 313.3 

324.3 

328.2 
 
 Effect of dilutive securities: 

Stock options 
 1.3 

2.6 

2.3 
 
 Restricted stock units 
 0.2 

0.2 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 314.8 

327.1 

330.5 
 
 Basic net earnings per share 
 
 2.40 

2.55 

2.76 
 
 Diluted net earnings per share 
 
 2.39 

2.52 

2.75 

Approximately 18.9 million , 11.5 million and 18.3 million shares of common stock subject to stock options and restricted stock units were excluded from the diluted net earnings per share computation because they were not dilutive during fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 
 Foreign Currency Translation : Sales and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated at average exchange rates in effect throughout the year. Assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated at period-end exchange rates with the impacts of foreign currency translation recognized to cumulative translation adjustment, a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in other income (expense). 
 Derivative Financial Instruments: The Company follows the provisions of ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging (ASC Topic 815) to account for its derivative instruments and hedging activities. ASC Topic 815 requires all derivative financial instruments to be recognized on the balance sheet at fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognized in net earnings or other comprehensive income depending on whether the derivative is designated as part of a qualifying hedge transaction. 
 The Company uses forward contracts to manage foreign currency exposures primarily related to intercompany receivables and payables arising from intercompany purchases of manufactured products. These forward contracts are not designated as qualifying hedges and therefore, the changes in the fair values of these derivatives are recognized in net earnings and classified in other income (expense). The gains and losses on these forward contracts largely offset the losses or gains on the foreign currency exposures being managed. 
 The Company has periodically entered into interest rate swap contracts to hedge the risk of the change in the fair value of fixed-rate borrowings due to changes in the benchmark interest rate. As designated fair value hedges, changes in the value of the fair value hedge are recognized as an asset or liability, as applicable, offsetting the changes in the fair value of the hedged debt instrument. The Company has also periodically entered into interest rate swap contracts to hedge the risk to net earnings associated with movements in interest rates by converting variable-rate borrowings into fixed-rate borrowings. As designated cash flow hedges, the fair value of the swap contract is recognized as an asset or liability, as applicable, with the related unrealized gain (loss) recorded to other comprehensive income. The Company's swap contracts are classified on the consolidated balance sheets as a component of other current assets, other assets, other accrued expenses or other liabilities based on the gain or loss position of the contract and the contract maturity date. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements : In June 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2011-05, Comprehensive Income (Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 220): Presentation of Comprehensive Income , which eliminates the option to report other comprehensive income and its components in the consolidated statements of shareholders equity. ASU 2011-05, as amended, requires an entity to present items of net income and other comprehensive income in one continuous statement referred to as the statement of comprehensive income or in two separate, but consecutive, statements. Each component of net income and each component of other comprehensive income is required to be presented with subtotals for each and a grand total for total comprehensive income. The updated guidance does not change the calculation of earnings per share. The Company adopted ASU 2011-05 and ASU 2011-12, as amended, Presentation of Comprehensive Income: Reclassifications of Items of Other Comprehensive Income, in the first quarter of fiscal year 2012. Refer to the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the new presentation requiring a separate statement, which had no impact to the Company's Consolidated Statements of Earnings, Consolidated Balance Sheets or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in any interim or for the year ended December 29, 2012. 
 34 

 Table of Contents 

 In July 2012, the FASB issued ASU 2012-02, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets for Impairment, an update to ASU 2011-08, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Goodwill for Impairment. ASU 2012-02 enables an entity to assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test in accordance with Subtopic 350-30, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - General Intangibles Other than Goodwill . The more-likely-than-not threshold is defined as having a likelihood of more than 50 percent. Previous guidance in Subtopic 350-30 required an entity to test an indefinite-lived intangible asset for impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset with its carrying amount, utilizing only a quantitative impairment test. ASU 2012-02 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods for fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2012, with early adoption permitted. The Company early adopted ASU 2012-02 during the fourth quarter of 2012, and there was no impact to the Company's financial statements. 
 NOTE 2 ACQUISITIONS AND MINORITY INVESTMENT 
 The Company's most significant acquisitions are described below. The results of operations of businesses acquired have been included in the Company's consolidated results of operations since the dates of acquisition. Pro forma results of operations have not been presented for these acquisitions since the effects of these business acquisitions were not material to the Company either individually or in the aggregate. 
 Fiscal Year 2010 
 LightLab Imaging, Inc.: On July 6, 2010, the Company completed its acquisition of LightLab Imaging, Inc. (LightLab Imaging) for 93 million in net cash consideration. The Company recognized direct transaction costs of 1 million . LightLab Imaging was based in Westford, Massachusetts and developed, manufactured and marketed OCT for coronary imaging applications. OCT is a high resolution diagnostic coronary imaging technology that complements the Fractional Flow Reserve (FFR) technology acquired by the Company as part of the Radi Medical Systems AB (Radi Medical Systems) acquisition in December 2008. 
 
 The goodwill recorded as a result of the LightLab Imaging acquisition is deductible for income tax purposes and was entirely allocated to the Cardiovascular operating segment. The goodwill represents the strategic benefits of growing the Company's Cardiovascular product portfolio and the expected revenue growth from increased market penetration from future products and customers. In connection with the acquisition of LightLab Imaging, the Company recognized 40 million of developed and core technology intangible assets that have an estimated useful life of 15 years and 14 million of IPR D that was capitalized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset. 
 
 AGA Medical, Inc.: On November 18, 2010 the Company completed its acquisition of AGA Medical, acquiring all of the outstanding shares of AGA Medical (NASDAQ: AGAM) for 20.80 per share in a cash and stock transaction valued at 1.1 billion (which consisted of 549 million in net cash consideration and 13.6 million shares of St. Jude Medical common stock). The transaction was consummated through an exchange offer followed by a merger. The Company recognized direct transaction costs of 15 million and assumed debt of 197 million that was paid off at closing. Acquiring AGA Medical, based in Plymouth, Minnesota, expanded the Company's cardiovascular product portfolio and future product pipeline to treat structural heart defects and vascular abnormalities through minimally invasive transcatheter treatments. 
 
 The goodwill recorded as a result of the AGA Medical acquisition is not deductible for income tax purposes and was allocated entirely to the Company's Cardiovascular operating segment. The goodwill represents the strategic benefits of growing the Company's Cardiovascular product portfolio and the expected revenue growth from increased market penetration from future products and customers. In connection with the acquisition of AGA Medical, the Company capitalized 372 million of developed and core technology intangible assets, 120 million of IPR D and 49 million of trademark intangible assets. The estimated useful lives of the developed and core technology intangible assets range from 12 to 15 years. Both the IPR D and trademark assets have been recorded as indefinite-lived intangible assets. During 2011, the Company finalized the 1.1 billion purchase price allocation and recorded a 3 million decrease to goodwill. The impacts of finalizing the purchase price allocation, individually and in the aggregate were not considered material to reflect as a retrospective adjustment of the historical financial statements. 
 35 

 Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as a result of the significant business acquisitions made by the Company in fiscal year 2010 (in millions): 

LightLab Imaging 
 
 AGA Medical 
 
 Total 
 Current assets 

15 

97 

112 
 
 Deferred income taxes, net 
 
 4 

13 

17 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 41 

881 

922 
 
 Other intangible assets 
 
 40 

421 

461 
 
 Acquired IPR D 
 
 14 

120 

134 
 
 Other long-term assets 
 
 2 

45 

47 
 
 Total assets acquired 
 
 116 

1,577 

1,693 

Current liabilities 
 
 23 

62 

85 
 
 Deferred income taxes, net 

196 

196 
 
 Other long-term liabilities 

236 

236 
 
 Net assets acquired 

93 

1,083 

1,176 

Cash paid, net of cash acquired 
 
 93 

549 

642 
 
 Non-cash (SJM shares at fair value) 

534 

534 
 
 Net assets acquired 

93 

1,083 

1,176 

Minority Investment: During 2010, the Company made a minority equity investment of 60 million in CardioMEMS, Inc. (CardioMEMS), a privately-held company that is focused on the development of a wireless monitoring technology that can be placed directly into the pulmonary artery to assess cardiac performance via measurement of pulmonary artery pressure. The investment agreement resulted in a 19 ownership interest and provided the Company with the exclusive right, but not the obligation, to acquire CardioMEMS for an additional payment of 375 million during the period that extends through the completion of certain regulatory milestones. The equity investment and allocated value of the fixed price purchase option are being carried at cost. 
 
 NOTE 3 GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
 The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for each of the Company s reportable segments (see Note 14) for the fiscal years ended December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011 were as follows (in millions): 

CRM/NMD 
 
 CV/AF 
 
 Total 
 Balance at January 1, 2011 
 
 1,231 

1,725 

2,956 
 
 AGA Medical 

(3) 
 
 (3) 
 Foreign currency translation and other 
 4 

(4) 

Balance at December 31, 2011 
 1,235 

1,718 

2,953 
 
 Foreign currency translation and other 
 (6) 
 
 14 

8 
 
 Balance at December 29, 2012 
 
 1,229 

1,732 

2,961 

During 2011, the Company finalized the AGA Medical purchase price and recorded a 3 million decrease to goodwill. The impacts of finalizing the purchase price allocation, individually and in the aggregate were not considered material to reflect as a retrospective adjustment of the historical financial statements. 
 36 

 Table of Contents 

The following table provides the gross carrying amount of other intangible assets and related accumulated amortization (in millions): 
 
 December 29, 2012 
 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 Gross 
 Carrying 
 Amount 
 
 Accumulated 
 Amortization 
 
 Gross 
 Carrying 
 Amount 
 
 Accumulated 
 Amortization 
 Definite-lived intangible assets: 

Purchased technology and patents 
 
 947 

336 

922 

276 
 
 Customer lists and relationships 
 57 

36 

48 

25 
 
 Trademarks and tradenames 
 22 

10 

24 

8 
 
 Licenses, distribution agreements and other 
 6 

4 

6 

4 

1,032 

386 

1,000 

313 
 
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets: 

Acquired IPR D 
 
 109 

120 

Trademarks and tradenames 
 49 

49 

158 

169 

During 2012, the Company received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) clearance to market its AMPLATZER Vascular Plug 4 technology acquired in connection with its AGA Medical acquisition in November 2010. As a result, the Company reclassified 11 million of IPR D from an indefinite-lived intangible asset to a purchased technology definite-lived intangible asset. During 2011, the Company received approval in Japan for its OCT technology acquired in conjunction with its LightLab Imaging acquisition in 2010. As a result of the approval, the Company reclassified 14 million of acquired IPR D from an indefinite-lived intangible asset to a purchased technology definite-lived intangible asset. 
 
 Amortization expense was 88 million , 93 million and 66 million during fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The following table presents expected future amortization expense. Actual amounts of amortization expense may differ due to additional intangible assets acquired and foreign currency translation impacts (in millions): 

After 
 
 2013 
 
 2014 
 
 2015 
 
 2016 
 
 2017 
 
 2017 
 Amortization expense 
 
 87 

85 

85 

85 

75 

229 

NOTE 4 DEBT 
 The Company s debt consisted of the following (in millions): 
 
 December 29, 2012 
 
 December 31, 2011 
 2.20 senior notes due 2013 
 
 454 

461 
 
 3.75 senior notes due 2014 
 699 

699 
 
 2.50 senior notes due 2016 
 518 

518 
 
 4.875 senior notes due 2019 
 496 

495 
 
 1.58 Yen-denominated senior notes due 2017 
 95 

104 
 
 2.04 Yen-denominated senior notes due 2020 
 149 

164 
 
 Yen-denominated credit facilities 
 76 

83 
 
 Commercial paper borrowings 
 593 

272 
 
 Total debt 
 3,080 

2,796 
 
 Less: current debt obligations 
 530 

83 
 
 Long-term debt 
 
 2,550 

2,713 

Expected future minimum principal payments under the Company s debt obligations are as follows: 526 million in 2013; 700 million in 2014; 593 million in 2015; 500 million in 2016; 95 million in 2017; and 649 million in years thereafter. 
 Senior Notes Due 2013: On March 10, 2010 , the Company issued 450 million principal amount of 3-year , 2.20 unsecured senior notes (2013 Senior Notes) that mature in September 2013 . The majority of the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2013 Senior Notes was used to retire outstanding debt obligations. Interest payments are required on a semi-annual basis. The 
 37 

 Table of Contents 

 2013 Senior Notes were issued at a discount, yielding an effective interest rate of 2.23 at issuance. The Company may redeem the 2013 Senior Notes at any time at the applicable redemption price. The debt discount is being amortized as interest expense through maturity. 
 Concurrent with the issuance of the 2013 Senior Notes, the Company entered into a 3-year , 450 million notional amount interest rate swap designated as a fair value hedge of the changes in fair value of the Company s fixed-rate 2013 Senior Notes. On November 8, 2010 , the Company terminated the interest rate swap and received a cash payment of 19 million . The gain from terminating the interest rate swap agreement has been reflected as an increase to the carrying value of the debt and is being amortized as a reduction of interest expense resulting in a net average interest rate of 0.8 that will be recognized over the remaining term of the 2013 Senior Notes. 
 Senior Notes Due 2014: On July 28, 2009 , the Company issued 700 million principal amount of 5-year , 3.75 unsecured senior notes (2014 Senior Notes) that mature in July 2014 . Interest payments are required on a semi-annual basis. The 2014 Senior Notes were issued at a discount, yielding an effective interest rate of 3.78 at issuance. The debt discount is being amortized as interest expense through maturity. The Company may redeem the 2014 Senior Notes at any time at the applicable redemption price. 
 Senior Notes Due 2016: On December 1, 2010 , the Company issued 500 million principal amount of 5-year , 2.50 unsecured senior notes (2016 Senior Notes) that mature in January 2016 . The majority of the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2016 Senior Notes was used for general corporate purposes including the repurchase of the Company s common stock. Interest payments are required on a semi-annual basis. The 2016 Senior Notes were issued at a discount, yielding an effective interest rate of 2.54 at issuance. The debt discount is being amortized as interest expense through maturity. The Company may redeem the 2016 Senior Notes at any time at the applicable redemption price. 
 Concurrent with the issuance of the 2016 Senior Notes, the Company entered into a 5-year , 500 million notional amount interest rate swap designated as a fair value hedge of the changes in fair value of the Company s fixed-rate 2016 Senior Notes. On June 7, 2012 , the Company terminated the interest rate swap and received a cash payment of 24 million . The gain from terminating the interest rate swap agreement has been reflected as an increase to the carrying value of the debt and is being amortized as a reduction of interest expense resulting in a net average interest rate of 1.3 that will be recognized over the remaining term of the 2016 Senior Notes. 
 Senior Notes Due 2019: On July 28, 2009 , the Company issued 500 million principal amount of 10-year , 4.875 unsecured senior notes (2019 Senior Notes) that mature in July 2019 . Interest payments are required on a semi-annual basis. The 2019 Senior Notes were issued at a discount, yielding an effective interest rate of 5.04 at issuance. The debt discount is being amortized as interest expense through maturity. The Company may redeem the 2019 Senior Notes at any time at the applicable redemption price. 
 1.58 Yen-Denominated Senior Notes Due 2017 : On April 28, 2010 , the Company issued 7-year , 1.58 unsecured senior notes in Japan 1.58 Yen Notes) totaling 8.1 billion Japanese Yen (the equivalent of 95 million at December 29, 2012 and 104 million at December 31, 2011 ). The principal amount of the 1.58 Yen Notes recorded on the balance sheet fluctuates based on the effects of foreign currency translation. Interest payments are required on a semi-annual basis and the entire principal balance is due on April 28, 2017 . 
 2.04 Yen-Denominated Senior Notes Due 2020 : On April 28, 2010 , the Company issued 10-year , 2.04 unsecured senior notes in Japan 2.04 Yen Notes) totaling 12.8 billion Japanese Yen (the equivalent of 149 million at December 29, 2012 and 164 million at December 31, 2011 ). The principal amount of the 2.04 Yen Notes recorded on the balance sheet fluctuates based on the effects of foreign currency translation. Interest payments are required on a semi-annual basis and the entire principal balance is due on April 28, 2020 . 
 Yen Denominated Credit Facilities: In March 2011 , the Company borrowed 6.5 billion Japanese Yen (the equivalent of 76 million at December 29, 2012 and 83 million at December 31, 2011 under uncommitted credit facilities with two commercial Japanese banks that provide for borrowings up to a maximum of 11.25 billion Japanese Yen. The principal amount reflected on the balance sheet fluctuates based on the effects of foreign currency translation. Half of the borrowings bear interest at Yen LIBOR plus 0.25 and mature in March 2013 and the other half of the borrowings bear interest at Yen LIBOR plus 0.275 and mature in June 2013. The maturity dates of each credit facility automatically extend for a one-year period, unless the Company elects to terminate the credit facility. 
 Other Available Borrowings : In December 2010 , the Company entered into a 1.5 billion unsecured committed credit facility (Credit Facility) that it may draw on for general corporate purposes and to support its commercial paper program. The Credit Facility expires in February 2015 . Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest initially at LIBOR plus 0.875 , subject to adjustment in the event of a change in the Company s credit ratings. As of December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011 , the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility. 
 38 

 Table of Contents 

 The Company s commercial paper program provides for the issuance of short-term, unsecured commercial paper with maturities up to 270 days . As of December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011, the Company's commercial paper borrowings were 593 million and 272 million , respectively. During 2012, the Company s weighted average effective interest rate on its commercial paper borrowings was approximately 0.23 . Any future commercial paper borrowings would bear interest at the applicable then-current market rates. The Company classifies all of its commercial paper borrowings as long-term debt, as the Company has the ability to repay any short-term maturity with available cash from its existing long-term, committed Credit Facility. 
 NOTE 5 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 Leases 
 The Company leases various facilities and equipment under non-cancelable operating lease arrangements. Future minimum lease payments under these leases are as follows: 37 million in 2013; 28 million in 2014; 21 million in 2015; 16 million in 2016; 14 million in 2017; and 9 million in years thereafter. Rent expense under all operating leases was 44 million , 45 million and 36 million in fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 
 Product Liability Litigation 
 Silzone Litigation and Insurance Receivables : The Company has been sued in various jurisdictions beginning in March 2000 by some patients who received a heart valve product with Silzone coating, which the Company stopped selling in January 2000. The Company has vigorously defended against the claims that have been asserted and will continue to do so with respect to any remaining claims. 
 The Company's outstanding Silzone cases consist of one class action in Ontario, one individual case in Ontario and one proposed class action in British Columbia by the provincial health insurer. In Ontario, a trial on common issues commenced in February 2010 in a class action case involving Silzone patients. In June 2012, the Court ruled in the Company's favor on all nine common class issues and the Court ruled the case should be dismissed. An order dismissing that action has been signed by the trial judge. On September 14, 2012, counsel for the class filed an appeal with the Court of Appeal for the Province of Ontario. The parties will be exchanging written argument between March and September, 2013, and the appeal will likely be heard in November 2013. The proposed class action lawsuit by the British Columbia provincial health insurer seeks to recover the cost of insured services furnished or to be furnished to patients who were also class members in a British Columbia class action that was resolved in 2010. The British Columbia provincial health insurer recently consented to a dismissal of the action, and an order has been signed by the Court dismissing the case. The individual case in Ontario requests damages in excess of 1 million (claiming unspecified special damages, health care costs and interest). Based on the Company s historical experience, the amount ultimately paid, if any, often does not bear any relationship to the amount claimed. 
 The Company has recorded an accrual for probable legal costs, settlements and judgments for Silzone related litigation. The Company is not aware of any unasserted claims related to Silzone-coated products. For all Silzone legal costs incurred, the Company records insurance receivables for the amounts that it expects to recover based on its assessment of the specific insurance policies, the nature of the claim and the Company s experience with similar claims. The Company s current and final insurance layer for Silzone claims consists of 13 million of remaining coverage with two insurance carriers. To the extent that the Company s future Silzone costs (the material components of which are settlements, judgments, legal fees and other related defense costs) exceed its remaining insurance coverage, the Company would be responsible for such costs. The Company has not recognized an expense related to any potential future damages as they are not probable or reasonably estimable at this time. 
 The following table summarizes the Company s Silzone legal accrual and related insurance receivable at December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011 (in millions): 
 
 December 29, 2012 
 
 December 31, 2011 
 Silzone legal accrual 
 
 4 

22 
 
 Silzone insurance receivable 
 
 3 

15 

The Company has vigorously defended against the claims that have been asserted and expects to continue to do so with respect to any remaining claims. The Company has not recorded an expense related to any potential damages in connection with these matters because any potential loss is not probable or reasonably estimable. 
 39 

 Table of Contents 

 Patent and Other Intellectual Property Litigation 
 Volcano Corporation LightLab Imaging Litigation: The Company's subsidiary, LightLab Imaging, has pending litigation with Volcano Corporation (Volcano) and Axsun Technologies, Inc. (Axsun), a subsidiary of Volcano, in the Massachusetts state court and in state court in Delaware. LightLab Imaging makes and sells optical coherence tomography (OCT) imaging systems. Volcano is a LightLab Imaging competitor in medical imaging. Axsun makes and sells lasers and is a supplier of lasers to LightLab Imaging for use in OCT imaging systems. The lawsuits arise out of Volcano's acquisition of Axsun in December 2008. Before Volcano acquired Axsun, LightLab Imaging and Axsun had worked together to develop a tunable laser for use in OCT imaging systems. While the laser was in development, LightLab Imaging and Axsun entered into an agreement pursuant to which Axsun agreed to sell its tunable lasers exclusively to LightLab in the field of human coronary artery imaging for a certain period of time. 
 After Volcano acquired Axsun in December 2008, LightLab Imaging sued Axsun and Volcano in Massachusetts, asserting a number of claims arising out of Volcano's acquisition of Axsun. In January 2011, the Court ruled that Axsun's and Volcano's conduct constituted knowing and willful violations of a statute which prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices or acts of unfair competition, entitling LightLab Imaging to double damages, and furthermore, that LightLab Imaging was entitled to recover attorneys' fees. In February 2011, Volcano and Axsun were ordered to pay the Company for reimbursement of attorneys' fees and double damages, which Volcano paid to the Company in July 2011. The Court also issued certain injunctions and declaratory relief. In January 2013, the Supreme Judicial Court for Massachusetts granted the Company's request to bypass the intermediary appellate court and has accepted the matter for its direct review. 
 In Delaware, Axsun and Volcano commenced an action in February 2010 against LightLab Imaging, seeking a declaration as to whether Axsun may supply a certain light source for use in OCT imaging systems to Volcano. Axsun's and Volcano's position is that this light source is not a tunable laser and hence falls outside Axsun's exclusivity obligations to Volcano. LightLab Imaging's position, asserted both in defense and in a counterclaim, is that this light source is a tunable laser, which LightLab Imaging's contract bars Axsun from supplying Volcano. Though the trial of this matter was expected to occur in early 2011, in a March 2011 ruling, the Delaware Court postponed the trial of this case because Axsun and Volcano did not yet have a finalized light source to present to the Court. 
 In May 2011, LightLab Imaging initiated a lawsuit against Volcano and Axsun in the Delaware state court. The suit seeks to enforce LightLab Imaging's exclusive contract with Axsun, and also alleges claims to prevent Volcano from interfering with that contract and to bar Axsun and Volcano from using LightLab Imaging confidential information and trade secrets, and to prevent Volcano and Axsun from violating a Massachusetts statute prohibiting unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices relating to LightLab Imaging's tunable laser technology. In October 2011, LightLab Imaging filed an amended and supplemental complaint in this action, and in early November 2011, the Company received Volcano and Axsun's response, including a motion for judgment on the pleadings and a motion to stay the action. In May 2012, the Court granted Volcano's motion to stay the proceedings until Volcano provides notice of its intent to begin clinical trials or engage in other public activities with an OCT imaging system that uses a type of light source that is in dispute in the lawsuit. Volcano is under an order to provide such a notice at least 45 days before beginning such trials or engaging in such activities. In January 2013, the Company filed a motion with the court to lift the stay and allow the matter to proceed given certain statements and activities made by Volcano. 
 Volcano Corporation St. Jude Medical Patent Litigation: In July 2010, the Company filed a lawsuit in federal district court in Delaware against Volcano for patent infringement. In the suit, the Company asserted certain patents against Volcano and seeks injunctive relief and monetary damages. The infringed patents are part of the St. Jude Medical PressureWire technology platform, which was acquired as part of St. Jude Medical's purchase of Radi Medical Systems in December 2008. Volcano filed counterclaims against the Company in this case, alleging certain St. Jude Medical patent claims are unenforceable and that certain St. Jude Medical products infringe certain Volcano patents. The Company believes the assertions and claims made by Volcano are without merit. Jury trials on liability issues in this matter occurred in October 2012. On October 19, 2012 the jury ruled in favor of Volcano finding that certain Volcano patents do not infringe the Company's patents and that certain St. Jude Medical patents were invalid. Before the trial involving the patents Volcano asserted against the Company, Volcano advised the Company it would not proceed on one patent, and, as part of this decision, Volcano agreed not to assert a patent infringement claim against the Company involving that patent for any product, manufactured, marketed or sold by St. Jude Medical prior to October 20, 2012. On October 22, 2012, Volcano proceeded to trial on its three remaining patents, and on October 25, 2012, the jury ruled that the Company did not infringe these three patents. The Court entered judgment on the jury verdicts on January 9, 2013. The Company has filed a motion for judgment as a matter of law and for a new trial. Volcano has filed its own motion of judgment as a matter of law. If necessary, the Company will appeal to the appellate court and raise challenges to various issues related to the trial that resulted in the October 19, 2012 jury decision. 
 40 

 Table of Contents 

 AorTech Biomaterial PTY Limited, AorTech International PLC and AorTech Medical Devices USA, Inc. St. Jude Medical License Supply Agreement Litigation: On October 16, 2012, the Company filed a lawsuit against AorTech Biomaterial PTY Limited, AorTech International PLC and AorTech Medical Devices USA, Inc. (collectively, AorTech), in Federal District Court for the Central District of California. The lawsuit sought declaratory and injunctive relief from AorTech's publicly announced intention to terminate the parties' License Supply Agreement for Elast-Eon , the raw material used in St. Jude Medical's Optim insulation for certain leads. On October 18, 2012, the Company filed an Application for a Temporary Restraining Order (TRO), and on November 1, 2012, the Court granted the Company's TRO application, preventing AorTech from terminating or breaching the License and Supply Agreement. The TRO was extended by agreement of the parties and approval of the Court for several weeks and the matter has now been settled and the case dismissed in December 2012. 
 Securities and Other Shareholder Litigation 
 March 2010 Securities Class Action Litigation: In March 2010, a securities lawsuit seeking class action status was filed in federal district court in Minnesota against the Company and certain officers on behalf of purchasers of St. Jude Medical common stock between April 22, 2009 and October 6, 2009. The lawsuit relates to the Company's earnings announcements for the first, second and third quarters of 2009, as well as a preliminary earnings release dated October 6, 2009. The complaint, which seeks unspecified damages and other relief as well as attorneys' fees, alleges that the Company failed to disclose that it was experiencing a slowdown in demand for its products and was not receiving anticipated orders for CRM devices. Class members allege that the Company's failure to disclose the above information resulted in the class purchasing St. Jude Medical stock at an artificially inflated price. In December 2011, the Court issued a decision denying a motion to dismiss filed by the defendants in October 2010. On October 25, 2012, the Court granted plaintiffs' motion to certify the case as a class action, which defendants did not oppose. The discovery phase of the case is ongoing, and the Company intends to continue to vigorously defend against the claims asserted in this lawsuit. 
 June 2012 Securities Class Action Litigation: In June 2012, a securities class action lawsuit was filed in federal district court in Minnesota against the Company and a company officer for alleged violations of the federal securities laws on behalf of all purchasers of the publicly traded securities of the Company between December 15, 2010 and April 4, 2012 who were damaged thereby. The complaint, which sought unspecified damages and other relief as well as attorneys' fees, alleged that the Company failed to disclose information concerning its Riata, QuickFlex and QuickSite leads. Class members alleged that the Company's failure to disclose this information resulted in the class purchasing St. Jude Medical stock at an artificially inflated price. On August 20, 2012, the plaintiff voluntarily dismissed its complaint against the Company. 
 December 2012 Securities Class Action Litigation: On December 7, 2012, a securities class action lawsuit was filed 
 in federal district court in Minnesota against the Company and an officer for alleged violations of the federal 
 securities laws, on behalf of all purchasers of the publicly traded securities of the Company between October 17, 2012 and November 20, 2012. The complaint, which seeks unspecified damages and other relief as well as attorneys' fees, challenges the Company s disclosures concerning its high voltage cardiac rhythm lead products during the purported class period. On December 10, 2012, a second securities class action lawsuit was filed in federal district court in Minnesota against the Company and certain officers for alleged violations of the federal securities laws, on behalf of all purchasers of the publicly traded securities of the Company between October 19, 2011 and November 20, 2012. The second complaint pursues similar claims and seeks unspecified damages and other relief as well as attorneys fees. Motions to consolidate the two cases and motions for appointment and selection of lead counsel and lead plaintiff were filed on February 5, 2013. The Company expects that these actions will be consolidated. The Company intends to vigorously defend against the claims asserted in these lawsuits. 
 
 December 2012 Derivative Litigation : On December 14, 2012, a shareholder derivative action was initiated in 
 Minnesota state court in Ramsey County, on behalf of the Company, against members of St. Jude Medical s Board of Directors as well as certain officers of the Company. The plaintiffs in this action allege breach of fiduciary duty, waste of corporate assets and unjust enrichment. The claims center around and involve the Company s high voltage cardiac rhythm lead products and related activities and events. No damages are sought against the Company. The Defendants in this matter intend to vigorously defend against the claims asserted in this lawsuit. 
 
 Other than disclosed above, the Company has not recorded an expense related to any potential damages in connection with these litigation matters because any potential loss is not probable or reasonably estimable. Additionally, other than disclosed above, the Company cannot reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss, if any, that may result from these litigation matters. 
 41 

 Table of Contents 

 Governmental Investigations 
 In March 2010, the Company received a Civil Investigative Demand (CID) from the Civil Division of the DOJ. The CID requests documents and sets forth interrogatories related to communications by and within the Company on various indications for ICDs and a National Coverage Decision issued by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Similar requests were made of the Company's major competitors. In addition, on August 31, 2012 the Company received a CID from the Civil Division of the DOJ requesting documents related to St. Jude Medical's Riata and Riata ST silicone-insulated products. The CID appears to relate to a review of whether circumstances surrounding the Company's Riata and Riata ST defibrillator lead products caused the submission of false claims to federal healthcare programs. Finally, on September 20, 2012, the Office of Inspector General for the Department of Health and Human Services (OIG) issued a subpoena requiring the Company to produce certain documents related to payments made by the Company to healthcare professionals practicing in California, Florida, and Arizona, as well as policies and procedures related to payments made by the Company to non-employee healthcare professionals. 
 The Company is cooperating with these investigations and is responding to these requests. However, the Company cannot predict when these investigations will be resolved, the outcome of these investigations or their impact on the Company. The Company has not recorded an expense related to any potential damages in connection with these governmental matters because any potential loss is not probable or reasonably estimable. The Company cannot reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss, if any, that may result from these matters. 
 Regulatory Matters 
 In late September 2012, the FDA commenced an inspection of the Company's Sylmar, California facility, and, following such inspection, issued eleven observations on a Form 483. In early November 2012, the Company's provided written responses to the FDA detailing proposed corrective actions and immediately initiated efforts to address FDA's observations of nonconformity. The Company subsequently received a warning letter dated January 10, 2013 from the FDA relating to these non-conformities with respect to its Sylmar, California facility. The warning letter does not identify any specific concerns regarding the performance of, or indicate the need for any field or other action regarding, any particular St. Jude Medical product. The Sylmar, California facility will continue to manufacture CRM devices while the Company works with the FDA to address its concerns. 
 
 The FDA inspected the Company's Plano, Texas manufacturing facility at various times between March 5 and April 6, 2009. On April 6, 2009, the FDA issued a Form 483 identifying certain observed nonconformities with current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP). Following the receipt of the Form 483, the Company provided written responses to the FDA detailing proposed corrective actions and immediately initiated efforts to address FDA's observations of nonconformity. The Company subsequently received a warning letter dated June 26, 2009 from the FDA relating to these non-conformities with respect to its legacy Neuromodulation division's Plano, Texas and Hackettstown, New Jersey facilities. 
 With respect to both of these warning letters, the FDA notes that it will not grant requests for exportation certificates to foreign governments or approve pre-market approval applications for Class III devices to which the quality system regulation deviations are reasonably related until the violations have been corrected. The Company is working cooperatively with the FDA to resolve all of its concerns. 
 Customer orders have not been and are not expected to be impacted while the Company works to resolve the FDA's concerns. The Company is working diligently to respond timely and fully to the FDA's observations and requests. While the Company believes the issues raised by the FDA can be resolved without a material impact on the Company's financial results, the FDA has recently been increasing its scrutiny of the medical device industry and raising the threshold for compliance. The government is expected to continue to scrutinize the industry closely with inspections, and possibly enforcement actions, by the FDA or other agencies. The Company is regularly monitoring, assessing and improving its internal compliance systems and procedures to ensure that its activities are consistent with applicable laws, regulations and requirements, including those of the FDA. 
 
 NOTE 6 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Capital Stock: The Company's authorized capital consists of 25 million shares of 1.00 per share par value preferred stock and 500 million shares of 0.10 per share par value common stock. There were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding during 2012, 2011 or 2010. 
 Share Repurchases: On November 29, 2012, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 1.0 billion of its outstanding common stock. The Company began repurchasing shares on December 5, 2012 and completed the repurchases under the program on February 1, 2013, repurchasing 26.8 million shares for 1.0 billion at an average 
 42 

 Table of Contents 

 repurchase price of 37.27 per share. From December 5, 2012 through December 29, 2012, the Company repurchased 12.9 million shares for 458 million at an average repurchase price of 35.60 per share. 
 
 On October 17, 2012, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 300 million of its outstanding common stock. The Company began repurchasing shares on October 19, 2012 and completed the repurchases under the program on November 6, 2012, repurchasing 7.7 million shares for 300 million at an average repurchase price of 38.97 per share. 
 
 On December 12, 2011, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 300 million of the Company's outstanding common stock. The Company began repurchasing shares on January 27, 2012 and completed the repurchases under the program on February 8, 2012, repurchasing 7.1 million shares for 300 million at an average repurchase price of 42.14 per share. 
 
 On August 2, 2011, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 500 million of the Company's outstanding common stock. The Company completed the repurchases under the program on August 29, 2011, repurchasing 11.7 million shares for 500 million at an average repurchase price of 42.79 per share. 
 
 On October 15, 2010, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 600 million of the Company's outstanding common stock. On October 21, 2010, the Company's Board of Directors authorized an additional 300 million of share repurchases as part of this share repurchase program. Through January 1, 2011, the Company had repurchased 15.4 million shares for 625 million at an average repurchase price of 40.63 per share. The Company continued repurchasing shares in 2011 and completed the repurchases under the program on January 20, 2011, repurchasing a program total of 22.0 million shares for 900 million at an average repurchase price of 40.87 per share. 
 
 Dividends: During 2012, the Company's Board of Directors authorized four quarterly cash dividend payments of 0.23 per share paid on April 30, 2012, July 31, 2012, October 31, 2012 and January 31, 2013. During 2011, the Company's Board of Directors authorized four quarterly cash dividend payments of 0.21 per share paid on April 29, 2011, July 29, 2011, October 31, 2011 and January 31, 2012. No cash dividends were paid in 2010. 
 
 On Febru ary 23, 2013, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a cash dividend of 0.25 per share payable on April 30, 2013 to share holders of record as of March 29, 2013. 
 
 NOTE 7 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
 
 Stock Compensation Plans 
 The Company's stock compensation plans provide for the issuance of stock-based awards, such as stock options, restricted stock units and restricted stock awards, to directors, officers, employees and consultants. Since 2000, all stock option awards granted under these plans have an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of grant, an eight-year contractual life and generally, vest annually over a four-year vesting term. Restricted stock units and restricted stock awards under these plans also generally vest annually over a four-year period. Restricted stock awards are considered issued and outstanding at the grant date and have the same dividend and voting rights as other common stock. Directors can elect to receive half of their entire annual retainer in the form of a restricted stock award with a six-month vesting term. Restricted stock units are not issued and outstanding at the grant date; instead, upon vesting the recipient receives one share of the Company's common stock for each vested restricted stock unit. At December 29, 2012, the Company had 19.2 million shares of common stock available for stock option grants under its stock compensation plans. The Company has the ability to grant a portion of the available shares in the form of restricted stock awards or units. Specifically, in lieu of granting up to 16.8 million stock options under these plans, the Company may grant up to 7.5 million restricted stock awards or units (for certain grants of restricted stock units or awards, the number of shares available are reduced by 2.25 shares). Additionally, in lieu of granting up to 0.1 million stock options under these plans, the Company may grant up to 0.1 million restricted stock awards (for certain grants of restricted stock awards, the number of shares available are reduced by one share). The remaining 2.3 million shares of common stock are available only for stock option grants. At December 29, 2012, there was 141 million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.0 years and will be adjusted for any future changes in estimated forfeitures. 
 The Company also has an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) that allows participating employees to purchase newly issued shares of the Company's common stock at a discount through payroll deductions. The ESPP consists of a 12-month offering period whereby employees can purchase shares at 85 of the market value at either the beginning of the offering period or the end of the offering period, whichever price is lower. Employees purchased 0.9 million shares each year in fiscal years 2012, 
 43 

 Table of Contents 

 2011 and 2010. At December 29, 2012, 6.7 million shares of common stock were available for future purchases under the ESPP. 
 The Company's total stock compensation expense for fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010 by income statement line item was as follows (in thousands): 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 
 49 

55 

49 
 
 Research and development expense 
 15 

15 

15 
 
 Cost of sales 
 5 

6 

6 
 
 Total stock compensation expense 
 
 69 

76 

70 

Valuation Assumptions 
 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes standard option pricing model (Black-Scholes model) to determine the fair value of stock options and ESPP purchase rights. The determination of the fair value of the awards on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model is affected by the Company's stock price as well as assumptions of other variables, including projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, risk-free interest rate, expected volatility of the Company's stock price in future periods and expected dividend yield. The fair value of both restricted stock and restricted stock units is based on the Company's closing stock price on the date of grant. The weighted average fair values of restricted stock awards granted during fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010 were 37.63 , 49.77 and 37.08 , respectively. The weighted average fair value of the restricted stock units granted during fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010 was 35.39 , 35.14 and 41.65 , respectively. The weighted average fair values of ESPP purchase rights granted to employees during fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010 were 9.39 , 10.86 and 9.70 , respectively. 
 The following table provides the weighted average fair value of stock options granted to employees during fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010 and the related weighted average assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model: 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Fair value of options granted 
 
 7.71 

9.17 

11.79 
 
 Assumptions: 

Expected life (years) 
 5.4 

5.5 

4.8 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 0.7 

0.9 

2.2 
 
 Volatility 
 31.2 

33.9 

31.7 
 
 Dividend yield 
 2.5 

2.0 

Expected Life : The Company analyzes historical employee exercise and termination data to estimate the expected life assumption. Annually, the Company updates these assumptions unless circumstances would indicate a more frequent update is necessary. 
 Risk-free Interest Rate : The rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity equal to or approximating the expected life of the options. 
 Volatility : The Company calculates its expected volatility assumption by blending the historical and implied volatility. The historical volatility is based on the daily closing prices of the Company's common stock over a period equal to the expected term of the option. Market-based implied volatility is based on utilizing market data of actively traded options on the Company's stock, from options at- or near-the-money, at a point in time as close to the grant date of the employee options as reasonably practical and with similar terms to the employee share option, or a remaining maturity of at least six months if no similar terms are available. The historical volatility of the Company's common stock price over the expected term of the option is a strong indicator of the expected future volatility. In addition, implied volatility takes into consideration market expectations of how future volatility will differ from historical volatility. The Company does not believe that one estimate is more reliable than the other, and as a result, the Company uses an equal weighting of historical volatility and market-based implied volatility. 
 Dividend Yield : For all grants through fiscal year 2010, the Company had not anticipated paying cash dividends and therefore assumed a dividend yield of zero. Beginning in fiscal year 2011, the Company began paying cash dividends. The Company's dividend yield assumption is based on the expected annual dividend yield on the grant date. 
 
 44 

 Table of Contents 

 Stock Compensation Activity 
 
 The following table summarizes stock option activity under all stock compensation plans during the fiscal year ended December 29, 2012: 

Weighted 

Weighted 
 
 Average 
 
 Aggregate 

Average 
 
 Remaining 
 
 Intrinsic 
 
 Options 
 
 Exercise 
 
 Contractual 
 
 Value 
 
 (in millions) 
 
 Price 
 
 Term (in years) 
 
 (in millions) 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2011 
 29.0 

38.51 

Granted 
 4.5 

35.38 

Exercised 
 (2.5) 
 
 36.35 

Canceled 
 (2.8) 
 
 40.05 

Outstanding at December 29, 2012 
 28.2 

38.05 

4.8 

24 
 
 Vested and expected to vest 
 27.1 

38.10 

4.7 

24 
 
 Exercisable at December 29, 2012 
 17.9 

38.88 

3.6 

21 

The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding and options exercisable is based on the Company's closing stock price on the last trading day of the fiscal year for in-the-money options. The aggregate intrinsic value represents the cumulative difference between the fair market value of the underlying common stock and the option exercise prices. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010 was 14 million , 96 million and 83 million , respectively. 
 The following table summarizes activity for restricted stock awards and restricted stock units under all stock compensation plans during the fiscal year ended December 29, 2012: 

Weighted Average 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 
 Grant Date 
 
 (in millions) 
 
 Fair Value 
 Unvested balance at December 31, 2011 
 1.3 

38.01 
 
 Granted 
 0.8 

35.42 
 
 Vested 
 (0.3) 
 
 38.41 
 
 Canceled 
 (0.2) 
 
 38.17 
 
 Unvested balance at December 29, 2012 
 1.6 

36.61 

The total aggregate fair value of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units vested during fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010 was 11 million , 7 million and 1 million , respectively. 
 
 NOTE 8 PURCHASED IN-PROCESS RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT (IPR D) AND SPECIAL CHARGES 
 IPR D Charges 
 During 2011, the Company recorded IPR D charges of 4 million in conjunction the purchase of intellectual property in its CRM operating segment. During 2010, the Company recorded IPR D charges of 12 million in conjunction with the purchase of cardiovascular-related intellectual property. As the related technological feasibility had not yet been reached and such technology had no future alternative use, these intellectual property asset purchases were expensed as IPR D. 
 Special Charges 
 The Company recognizes certain transactions and events as special charges in its consolidated financial statements. These charges (such as restructuring charges, impairment charges and certain settlement or litigation charges) result from facts and circumstances that vary in frequency and impact on the Company's results of operations. In order to enhance segment comparability and reflect management's focus on the ongoing operations of the Company, special charges are not reflected in the individual reportable segments operating results. 
 2012 Business Realignment Plan 
 During 2012, the Company incurred charges of 185 million resulting from the realignment of its product divisions into two new operating divisions: the Cardiovascular and Ablation Technologies Division (CATD) (combining the Company's legacy 
 45 

 Table of Contents 

 CV and AF product divisions) and the Implantable Electronic Systems Division (IESD) (combining the Company's legacy CRM and NMD product divisions). In addition, the Company centralized certain support functions, including information technology, human resources, legal, business development and certain marketing functions. The organizational changes are part of a comprehensive plan to accelerate the Company's growth, reduce costs, leverage economies of scale and increase investment in product development. In connection with the realignment, the Company recognized 109 million of severance costs and other termination benefits after management determined that such severance and benefit costs were probable and estimable, in accordance with ASC Topic 712, Nonretirement Postemployment Benefits . The 2012 business realignment plan reduced the Company's workforce by approximately 5 . The Company also recognized 17 million of inventory write-offs associated with discontinued CATD product lines and 41 million of accelerated depreciation charges and fixed asset write-offs, primarily associated with information technology assets no longer expected to be utilized or with a limited remaining useful life. Additionally, the Company recognized 18 million of other restructuring costs which included 7 million of contract termination costs and 11 million of other costs. 
 A summary of the activity related to the 2012 business realignment plan accrual is as follows (in millions): 
 
 Employee 
 Termination 
 Costs 
 
 Inventory 
 Charges 
 
 Fixed 
 Asset 
 Charges 
 
 Other Restructuring Costs 
 
 Total 
 Balance at December 31, 2011 

Cost of sales special charges 
 5 

17 

2 

24 
 
 Special charges 
 104 

41 

16 

161 
 
 Non-cash charges used 

(17) 
 
 (41) 
 
 (3) 
 
 (61) 
 Cash payments 
 (52) 

(7) 
 
 (59) 
 Foreign exchange rate impact 
 1 

1 
 
 Balance at December 29, 2012 
 
 58 

8 

66 

2011 Restructuring Plan 
 During 2011, the Company incurred charges totaling 162 million related to restructuring actions to realign certain activities in the Company's CRM business and sales and selling support organizations. The restructuring actions included phasing out CRM manufacturing and R D operations in Sweden, reductions in the Company's workforce and rationalizing product lines. In connection with the staged phase-out of CRM manufacturing and R D operations in Sweden, the Company began recognizing severance costs and other termination benefits for over 650 employees in accordance with ASC Topic 420, Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations whereby certain employee termination costs are recognized over the employees remaining future service period. Additionally, during 2011, the Company recognized certain severance costs for 550 employees after management determined that such severance and benefit costs were probable and estimable, in accordance with ASC Topic 712, Nonretirement Postemployment Benefits . The total charge for employee termination costs recognized during 2011 was 82 million . Additionally, the Company recognized 20 million of inventory obsolescence charges primarily associated with the rationalization of product lines across its business. The Company also recorded 26 million of impairment and accelerated depreciation charges, of which 12 million related to an impairment charge to write-down the Company's CRM manufacturing facility in Sweden to its fair value. Additionally, the Company recognized 34 million of other restructuring charges primarily associated with CRM restructuring actions 13 million of pension settlement charges associated with the termination of Sweden's defined benefit pension plan and 4 million of idle facility costs related to transitioning manufacturing operations out of Sweden) as well as 7 million of contract termination costs and 10 million of other costs. 
 
 During 2012, the Company incurred additional charges totaling 102 million related to the restructuring actions initiated during 2011. The Company recognized severance costs and other termination benefits of 38 million for an additional 100 employees after management determined that such severance and benefit costs were probable and estimable, in accordance with ASC Topic 712, Nonretirement Postemployment Benefits . The Company also recognized 13 million of inventory obsolescence charges primarily related with the rationalization of product lines in its CRM and NMD businesses. Additionally, the Company recognized 51 million of other restructuring charges which included 37 million of restructuring related charges associated with the Company's CRM business and sales and selling support organizations (of which 13 million primarily related to idle facility costs in Sweden). The remaining charges included 8 million of contract termination costs and 6 million of other costs. 
 46 

 Table of Contents 

 A summary of the activity related to the 2011 restructuring plan accrual is as follows (in millions): 
 
 Employee 
 Termination 
 Costs 
 
 Inventory 
 Charges 
 
 Fixed 
 Asset 
 Charges 
 
 Other Restructuring Costs 
 
 Total 
 Balance at January 1, 2011 

Cost of sales special charges 
 9 

20 

9 

9 

47 
 
 Special charges 
 73 

17 

25 

115 
 
 Non-cash charges used 

(20) 
 
 (26) 
 
 (1) 
 
 (47) 
 Cash payments 
 (27) 

(15) 
 
 (42) 
 Foreign exchange rate impact 
 (1) 

(1) 
 Balance at December 31, 2011 
 54 

18 

72 
 
 Cost of sales special charges 
 11 

13 

20 

44 
 
 Special charges 
 27 

31 

58 
 
 Non-cash charges used 

(13) 

(4) 
 
 (17) 
 Cash payments 
 (68) 

(47) 
 
 (115) 
 Foreign exchange rate impact 
 1 

(1) 

Balance at December 29, 2012 
 
 25 

17 

42 

Other Special Charges 
 Inventory charges: During 2010, the Company recorded 28 million of inventory obsolescence charges to cost of sales primarily related to excess legacy ICD inventory that was not expected to be sold due to the Company's launch of its Unify TM CRT-D and Fortify TM ICD devices. The Company's market demand for these devices resulted in a more rapid adoption than expected or historically experienced from other ICD product launches. 
 Intangible asset impairment charges: During 2012, the Company recognized a 23 million impairment charge for certain developed technology intangible assets in its NMD division as the Company's updated expectations for the future cash flows of the related product lines decreased, ultimately resulting in the related assets' fair value falling below carrying value. Additionally, the Company discontinued certain AF and CV product lines and recognized 8 million of impairment charges to fully impair the related developed technology intangible assets. The Company also recognized 2 million of intangible asset impairments associated with customer relationship intangible assets acquired in connection with legacy acquisitions of businesses involved in the distribution of the Company's products. Due to the changing dynamics of the U.S. healthcare market, specifically as it relates to hospital purchasing practices, the Company determined that these intangible assets had no future discrete cash flows and were fully impaired. 
 During 2011, the Company recorded 52 million of intangible asset impairment charges, of which 49 million related to customer relationship intangible assets acquired in connection with legacy acquisitions of businesses involved in the distribution of the Company's products. As discussed previously, due to the changing dynamics of the U.S. healthcare market, specifically as it relates to hospital purchasing practices, the Company determined that these intangible assets had no future discrete cash flows and recognized a 49 million impairment charge. 
 Settlement charges: During 2012, the Company agreed to settle a dispute on licensed technology for the Company's Angio-Seal vascular closure devices. In connection with this settlement, which resolved all disputed claims and included a fully-paid perpetual license, the Company recognized a 28 million settlement expense which it classified as a special charge and also recognized a 12 million licensed technology intangible asset to be amortized over the technology's remaining patent life. 
 Litigation charges: During 2012, the Company recognized 16 million of litigation charges for future probable and estimable legal costs related to outstanding matters associated with the Company's IESD field actions. During 2011, the Company recognized a 4 million legal settlement charge after reaching an agreement with the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services to settle a previously disclosed investigation initiated in December 2008 related to allegations that the Company failed to properly apply certain warranty credits. During 2010, the Company recognized a 17 million legal settlement charge after reaching an agreement with the Boston U.S. DOJ to settle a previously disclosed investigation initiated in 2005 related to an industry-wide review of post-market clinical studies and registries. 
 Field action charges: During 2012, the Company recognized special charges of 27 million , of which 25 million was charged to cost of sales, for costs primarily related to the 2012 field action associated with certain neuromodulation implantable pulse generator charging systems. 
 47 

 Table of Contents 

NOTE 9 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET 
 The Company s other income (expense) consisted of the following (in millions): 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Interest income 
 
 5 

4 

2 
 
 Interest expense 
 (73) 
 
 (70) 
 
 (67) 
 Other 
 (27) 
 
 (30) 
 
 (3) 
 Total other income (expense), net 
 
 (95) 

(96) 

(68) 

During 2011, legislation became effective in Puerto Rico that levied an excise tax for most purchases from Puerto Rico. The Company recognized 31 million and 28 million of excise tax expense during 2012 and 2011 for purchases made from its Puerto Rico subsidiary. This tax is almost entirely offset by the foreign tax credits which are recognized as a benefit to income tax expense. 
 
 The Company classifies realized gains or losses from the sale of investments and investment impairment charges as other income (expense). The Company recognized 14 million and 5 million of realized gains in other income during 2012 and 2010, respectively associated with the sale of available-for-sale securities. Additionally, during 2010, the Company recognized investment impairment charges of 5 million in other expense. 
 
 NOTE 10 INCOME TAXES 
 The Company's earnings before income taxes as generated from its U.S. and international operations are as follows (in millions): 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 U.S. 
 
 316 

502 

553 
 
 International 
 689 

517 

655 
 
 Earnings before income taxes 
 
 1,005 

1,019 

1,208 

Income tax expense consisted of the following (in millions): 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Current: 

U.S. federal 
 
 236 

180 

264 
 
 U.S. state and other 
 16 

13 

14 
 
 International 
 78 

65 

57 
 
 Total current 
 330 

258 

335 
 
 Deferred 
 (77) 
 
 (65) 
 
 (34) 
 Income tax expense 
 
 253 

193 

301 

48 

 Table of Contents 

 Deferred income taxes result from temporary differences between the amount of assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting and tax purposes. The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: (in millions): 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 Deferred income tax assets: 

Net operating and capital loss carryforwards 
 
 236 

164 
 
 Tax credit carryforwards 
 70 

60 
 
 Inventories 
 148 

145 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 78 

73 
 
 Compensation and benefits 
 113 

101 
 
 Accrued liabilities and other 
 133 

117 

778 

660 
 
 Less: valuation allowance 
 (228) 
 
 (157) 
 Deferred income tax assets 
 550 

503 
 
 Deferred income tax liabilities: 

Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities 
 (12) 
 
 (11) 
 Property, plant and equipment 
 (204) 
 
 (207) 
 Intangible assets 
 (307) 
 
 (332) 
 Deferred income tax liabilities 
 (523) 
 
 (550) 
 Net deferred income tax assets (liabilities) 
 
 27 

(47) 

At December 29, 2012, the Company had U.S. federal net operating and capital loss carryforwards, the tax effect of which was 12 million , and 2 million of U.S. tax credit carryforwards that will expire from 2014 through 2027 if not utilized. The Company also has state net operating loss carryforwards, the tax effect of which was 1 million , that will expire from 2014 through 2018 and tax credit carryforwards, tax effected of 68 million that have an unlimited carryforward period. These amounts are subject to annual usage limitations. In addition, the Company had foreign tax net operating loss carryforwards, the tax effect of which was 223 million as of December 29, 2012. These tax attributes have an unlimited carryforward period. 
 The Company establishes valuation allowances for deferred tax assets when, after consideration of all positive and negative evidence, it is considered more-likely-than-not that a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company's valuation allowances of 228 million and 157 million at December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively, reduce the carrying value of deferred tax assets associated with certain net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. 
 A reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate to the Company's effective income tax rate is as follows: 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 U.S. federal statutory tax rate 
 35.0 

35.0 

35.0 
 
 Increase (decrease) in tax rate resulting from: 

U.S. state income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
 0.5 

1.2 

2.2 
 
 International taxes at lower rates 
 (12.1) 
 
 (11.6) 
 
 (10.0) 
 Tax benefits from domestic manufacturer's deduction 
 (2.2) 
 
 (2.0) 
 
 (1.1) 
 Research and development credits 
 (1.1) 
 
 (2.7) 
 
 (2.4) 
 Puerto Rico excise tax 
 (1.8) 
 
 (1.7) 

Non-deductible IPR D charges 

0.4 
 
 Settlement reserve for certain prior year tax positions 
 4.6 

Other 
 2.3 

0.8 

0.8 
 
 Effective income tax rate 
 25.2 

19.0 

24.9 

The Company's effective income tax rate is favorably impacted by tax incentive grants, which result in Puerto Rico earnings being partially tax exempt through the year 2023. 
 
 The Company has not recorded U.S. deferred income taxes on approximately 2.8 billion of its non-U.S. subsidiaries' undistributed earnings because such amounts are intended to be reinvested outside the United States indefinitely. If these 
 49 

 Table of Contents 

 earnings were repatriated to the United States, the Company would be required to accrue and pay U.S. federal income taxes and foreign withholding taxes, as adjusted for foreign tax credits. Determination of the amount of any unrecognized deferred income tax liability on these earnings is not practicable. 
 
 The Company recognizes all income tax liabilities in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes , including liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits that require application of accounting estimates that are subject to the inherent uncertainties associated with the tax audit process, and therefore include certain contingencies. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. The Company recognized interest and penalties, net of tax benefit, of 22 million , 1 million and 4 million during fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The Company's accrued liability for gross interest and penalties was 69 million , 35 million and 34 million at December 29, 2012, December 31, 2011 and January 1, 2011, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company's unrecognized tax benefits (in millions): 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Balance at beginning of year 
 
 205 

163 

121 
 
 Increases related to current year tax positions 
 38 

33 

33 
 
 Increases related to prior year tax positions 
 90 

16 

19 
 
 Reductions related to prior year tax positions 
 (18) 
 
 (1) 
 
 (9) 
 Reductions related to settlements / payments 
 (1) 
 
 (2) 

Expiration of the statute of limitations for the assessment of taxes 

(4) 
 
 (1) 
 Balance at end of year 
 
 314 

205 

163 

The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of multiple state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company has substantially concluded all U.S. federal income tax matters for all tax years through 2001. Additionally, substantially all material foreign, state and local income tax matters have been concluded for all tax years through 2004. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) completed an audit of the Company s 2002 through 2005 tax returns and proposed adjustments in its audit report issued in November 2008. The IRS completed an audit of the Company s 2006 and 2007 tax returns and proposed adjustments in its audit report issued in March 2011. The Company initiated its defense at the IRS appellate level in January 2009 for the 2002 through 2005 adjustments and in May 2011 for the 2006 through 2007 adjustments. The IRS is currently auditing the Company s 2008 and 2009 tax returns and an audit report is expected to be issued in 2013. In 2012, the Company recorded 46 million of additional tax expense related to a settlement reserve for certain prior year tax positions related to the 2002 through 2009 tax years. While the final outcome of the Company's outstanding tax matters is inherently uncertain, the Company expects to reduce the amount of its liability for unrecognized tax benefits by approximately 100 million within the next 12 months resulting from cash settlement payments and/or adjustments to previously recorded income tax reserves. 
 NOTE 11 RETIREMENT PLANS 
 Defined Contribution Plans : The Company has a 401(k) profit sharing plan that provides retirement benefits to substantially all full-time U.S. employees. Eligible employees may contribute a percentage of their annual compensation, subject to IRS limitations, with the Company matching a portion of the employees' contributi ons at the discretion of the Company's Board of Directors. In addition, the C ompany has defined contribution programs for employees in certain countries outside the United States. Company contributions under all defined contribution plans totaled 26 million , 23 million and 21 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 
 The Company also has a non-qualified deferred compensation plan that provides certain officers and employees the ability to defer a portion of their compensation until a later date. The deferred amounts and earnings thereon are payable to participants, or designated beneficiaries, at specified future dates upon retirement, death or termination from the Company. The deferred compensation liability, which is classified as other liabilities, was approximately 234 million and 205 million at December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively. 
 Defined Benefit Plans : The Company has funded and unfunded defined benefit plans for employees in certain countries outside the United States. The Company had an accrued liability totaling 16 million and 15 million at December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively, which approximated the actuarial calculated unfunded liability. The amount of funded plan assets and the amount of pension expense was not material. In connection with the CRM restructuring actions (see Note 8), the Company elected to terminate its defined benefit pension plan in Sweden and made a lump sum settlement payment of 31 million during the fourth quarter of 2011 and recognized a pension settlement charge of 13 million . 
 
 50 

 Table of Contents 

 NOTE 12 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 The fair value measurement accounting standard, codified in ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement (ASC Topic 820), provides a framework for measuring fair value and defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability. Fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined using assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The standard establishes a valuation hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability developed based on independent market data sources. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s assumptions about the factors market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability developed based upon the best information available. The valuation hierarchy is composed of three categories. The categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 
 The categories within the valuation hierarchy are described as follows: 
 
 Level 1 Inputs to the fair value measurement are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 
 Level 2 Inputs to the fair value measurement include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. 
 
 Level 3 Inputs to the fair value measurement are unobservable inputs or valuation techniques. 
 Assets and Liabilities that are Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 The fair value measurement standard applies to certain financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis (each reporting period). These financial assets and liabilities include money-market securities, trading marketable securities, available-for-sale marketable securities and derivative instruments. The Company continues to record these items at fair value on a recurring basis and the fair value measurements are applied using ASC Topic 820. The Company does not have any material nonfinancial assets or liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. A summary of the valuation methodologies used for the respective financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis is as follows: 
 Money-market securities : The Company s money-market securities include funds that are traded in active markets and are recorded at fair value based upon the quoted market prices. The Company classifies these securities as level 1. 
 Trading securities : The Company s trading securities include publicly-traded mutual funds that are traded in active markets and are recorded at fair value based upon quoted market prices of the net asset values of the funds. The Company classifies these securities as level 1. 
 Available-for-sale securities : The Company s available-for-sale securities include publicly-traded equity securities that are traded in active markets and are recorded at fair value based upon the closing stock prices. The Company classifies these securities as level 1. 
 Derivative instruments : The Company s derivative instruments consist of foreign currency exchange contracts and interest rate swap contracts. The Company classifies these instruments as level 2 as the fair value is determined using inputs other than observable quoted market prices. These inputs include spot and forward foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates that the Company obtains from standard market data providers. The fair value of the Company s outstanding foreign currency exchange contracts was not material at December 29, 2012 or December 31, 2011 . 
 51 

 Table of Contents 

 A summary of financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011 is as follows (in millions): 
 Balance Sheet 
 Classification 
 December 29, 2012 
 
 Quoted Prices 
 In Active 
 Markets 
 (Level 1) 
 
 Significant 
 Other 
 Observable 
 Inputs 
 (Level 2) 
 
 Significant 
 Unobservable 
 Inputs 
 (Level 3) 
 Assets 

Money-market securities 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 964 

964 

Available-for-sale securities 
 Other current assets 
 41 

41 

Trading securities 
 Other assets 
 231 

231 

Total assets 

1,236 

1,236 

Balance Sheet 
 Classification 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 Quoted Prices 
 In Active 
 Markets 
 (Level 1) 
 
 Significant 
 Other 
 Observable 
 Inputs 
 (Level 2) 
 
 Significant 
 Unobservable 
 Inputs 
 (Level 3) 
 Assets 

Money-market securities 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 745 

745 

Available-for-sale securities 
 Other current assets 
 39 

39 

Trading securities 
 Other assets 
 205 

205 

Interest rate swap 
 Other assets 
 18 

18 

Total assets 

1,007 

989 

18 

The Company also had 230 million and 241 million of cash equivalents invested in short-term deposits and interest and non-interest bearing bank accounts at December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively. 
 Assets and Liabilities that are Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 The fair value measurement standard also applies to certain nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. A summary of the valuation methodologies used for the respective nonfinancial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis is as follows: 
 Long-lived assets: The Company reviews the carrying amount of its long-lived assets other than goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstance include a significant decrease in market price, a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is being used or a significant adverse change in the legal or business climate. The Company measures the fair value of its long-lived assets, such as its definite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment using independent appraisals, market models and discounted cash flow models. A discounted cash flow model requires inputs to a present value cash flow calculation such as a risk-adjusted discount rate, operating budgets, long-term strategic plans and remaining useful lives of the asset or asset group. If the carrying value of the Company s long-lived assets (excluding goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets) exceeds the related undiscounted future cash flows, the carrying value is written down to the fair value in the period identified. 
 During 2012, the Company determined that certain purchased technology intangible assets in the Company's NMD business were impaired and recognized a 23 million impairment charge to write-down the intangible assets to their estimated fair value of 3 million . The fair value measurements of these intangible assets are considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to the use of unobservable inputs, specifically the discounted cash flow income approach method, to measure fair value. Additionally, the Company determined that certain purchased technology intangible assets in the Company's AF and CV businesses were fully impaired as the related product lines were discontinued and recognized an 8 million impairment charge as these intangible assets had no discrete future cash flows. The fair value measurements of these intangible assets are considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to the use of unobservable inputs, specifically the discounted cash flow income approach method, to measure fair value. The Company also recognized 2 million of intangible asset impairments associated with customer relationship intangible assets acquired in connection with legacy acquisitions of businesses involved in the distribution of the Company's products. Due to the changing dynamics of the U.S. healthcare market, specifically as it 
 52 

 Table of Contents 

 relates to hospital purchasing practices, the Company determined that these intangible assets had no future discrete cash flows and were fully impaired. 
 During 2011, the Company initiated restructuring actions resulting in the planned future closure of its CRM manufacturing facility in Sweden, resulting in the recognition of a 12 million impairment charge to write-down the facility to its estimated fair value of 13 million . The fair value measurement of the facility is considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy due to the use of observable inputs, specifically comparable third party sale prices for similar facilities. The Company also recognized 52 million of intangible asset impairments primarily associated with customer relationship intangible assets. As discussed previously, due to the changing dynamics of the U.S. healthcare market, specifically as it relates to hospital purchasing practices, the Company determined that these intangible assets had no future discrete cash flows and were fully impaired. Refer to Note 8 for further details of these charges. There were no material impairments of the Company's long-lived assets recognized during fiscal year 2010. 
 Cost method investments: The Company also holds investments in equity securities that are accounted for as cost method investments, which are classified as other assets and measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. The carrying value of these investments approximated 151 million and 128 million at December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011 , respectively. The fair value of the Company s cost method investments is not estimated if there are no identified events or changes in circumstances that may have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of these investments. When measured on a nonrecurring basis, the Company s cost method investments are considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to the use of unobservable inputs to measure fair value. During 2010, the Company determined that the fair value of a cost method investment was fully impaired as it did not believe that any of the investment carrying value would be recovered due to the investee's deteriorating financial condition and its expected inability to operate as a going concern. As a result, the Company recognized a 5 million impairment charge in other expense (see Note 9), to fully write-off the investment. 
 Fair Value Measurements of Other Financial Instruments 
 The aggregate fair value of the Company s fixed-rate senior notes at December 29, 2012 (measured using quoted prices in active markets) was 2,521 million compared to the aggregate carrying value of 2,412 million (inclusive of the terminated interest rate swaps). The fair value of the Company s variable-rate debt obligations at December 29, 2012 approximated their aggregate 668 million carrying value due to the variable interest rate and short-term nature of these instruments. 
 
 NOTE 13 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 The Company follows the provisions of ASC Topic 815 in accounting for and disclosing derivative instruments and hedging activities. All derivative financial instruments are recognized on the balance sheet at fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognized in net earnings or other comprehensive income depending on whether the derivative is designated as part of a qualifying hedge transaction. Derivative assets and derivative liabilities are classified as other current assets, other assets, other current liabilities or other liabilities based on the gain or loss position of the contract and the contract maturity date. 
 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
 The Company hedges a portion of its foreign currency exchange rate risk through the use of forward exchange contracts. The Company uses forward exchange contracts to manage foreign currency exposures related to intercompany receivables and payables arising from intercompany purchases of manufactured products. These forward contracts are not designated as qualifying hedging relationships under ASC Topic 815. The Company measures its foreign currency exchange contracts at fair value on a recurring basis. The fair value of outstanding contracts was immaterial as of December 29, 2012 and December 31, 2011 . During fiscal years 2012 and 2011 the net amount of gains (losses) the Company recorded to other income (expense) for its forward currency exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments under ASC Topic 815 was a net gain of 7 million and a net loss of 3 million , respectively. The net loss recognized in 2010 was immaterial. These net gains (losses) were almost entirely offset by corresponding net (losses) gains on the foreign currency exposures being managed. The Company does not enter into contracts for trading or speculative purposes. The Company s policy is to enter into hedging contracts with major financial institutions that have at least an A (or equivalent) credit rating. 
 Interest Rate Swap 
 In prior periods, the Company has chosen to hedge the fair value of certain debt obligations through the use of interest rate swap contracts. For interest rate swap contracts that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, changes in the value of the fair value hedge are recognized as an asset or liability, as applicable, offsetting the changes in the fair value of the hedged debt instrument. When outstanding, the Company s swap contracts are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as a component of other current assets, other assets, other accrued expenses or other liabilities based on the gain or loss position of the contract 
 53 

 Table of Contents 

 and the contract maturity date. Additionally, any payments made or received under the swap contracts are accrued and recognized as interest expense. In June 2012, the Company terminated the interest rate swap it had entered into concurrent with the March 2010 issuance of the 2016 Senior Notes and received a cash payment of 24 million . The gain from terminating the interest rate swap agreement has been reflected as an increase to the carrying value of the debt and is being amortized as a reduction of interest expense resulting in a net average interest rate of 1.3 that will be recognized over the remaining term of the 2016 Senior Notes. 
 In March 2010, the Company entered into a 3-year , 450.0 million notional amount interest rate swap designated as a fair value hedge of the changes in fair value of the Company's fixed-rate 2013 Senior Notes. On November 8, 2010, the Company terminated the interest rate swap and received a cash payment of 19 million . The gain from terminating the interest rate swap is being amortized as a reduction of interest expense resulting in a net average interest rate of 0.8 that will be recognized over the remaining term of the 2013 Senior Notes. 
 
 NOTE 14 SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION 
 Segment Information 
 While the Company's 2012 business realignment was announced and effective August 30, 2012, the Company has continued to report under its legacy operating segment structure for internal management financial forecasting and reporting purposes through the end of fiscal year 2012. Therefore, based on U.S. GAAP, the Company s four operating segments are Cardiac Rhythm Management (CRM), Cardiovascular (CV), Atrial Fibrillation (AF) and Neuromodulation (NMD). The primary products produced by each operating segment are: CRM tachycardia implantable cardioverter defibrillator systems (ICDs) and bradycardia pacemaker systems (pacemakers); CV vascular products, which include vascular closure products, pressure measurement guidewires, optical coherence tomography (OCT) imaging products, vascular plugs and other vascular accessories, and structural heart products, which include heart valve replacement and repair products and structural heart defect devices; AF electrophysiology (EP) introducers and catheters, advanced cardiac mapping, navigation and recording systems and ablation systems; and NMD neurostimulation products, which include spinal cord and deep brain stimulation devices. 
 The Company has aggregated the four operating segments into two reportable segments based upon their similar operational and economic characteristics: CRM/NMD and CV/AF. Net sales of the Company s reportable segments include end-customer revenues from the sale of products they each develop and manufacture or distribute. The costs included in each of the reportable segments operating results include the direct costs of the products sold to customers and operating expenses managed by each of the reportable segments. Certain expenses managed by the Company s selling and corporate functions, including all stock-based compensation expense, impairment charges, certain acquisition-related charges, in-process research and development (IPR D) charges, excise tax expense and special charges have not been recorded in the individual reportable segments. As a result, reportable segment operating profit is not representative of the operating profit of the products in these reportable segments. Additionally, certain assets are managed by the Company s selling and corporate functions, principally including trade receivables, inventory, cash and cash equivalents, certain marketable securities and deferred income taxes. For management reporting purposes, the Company does not compile capital expenditures by reportable segment; therefore, this information has not been presented, as it is impracticable to do so. 
 54 

 Table of Contents 

 The following table presents net sales and operating profit by reportable segment (in millions): 
 CRM/NMD 
 
 CV/AF 
 
 Other 
 
 Total 
 Fiscal Year 2012 

Net sales 
 
 3,277 

2,226 

5,503 
 
 Operating profit 
 2,185 

1,241 

(2,326) 
 
 1,100 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 81 

95 

108 

284 
 
 Total assets 
 2,347 

2,974 

3,950 

9,271 
 
 Fiscal Year 2011 

Net sales 
 
 3,453 

2,159 

5,612 
 
 Operating profit 
 2,145 

1,144 

(2,174) 
 
 1,115 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 95 

88 

113 

296 
 
 Total assets 
 2,412 

3,093 

3,613 

9,118 
 
 Fiscal Year 2010 

Net sales 
 
 3,420 

1,744 

5,164 
 
 Operating profit 
 2,125 

968 

(1,817) 
 
 1,276 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 91 

52 

101 

244 
 
 Total assets 
 2,150 

3,097 

3,319 

8,566 

Net sales by class of similar products for the respective fiscal years were as follows (in millions): 
 Net Sales 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 Cardiac rhythm management 
 
 2,854 

3,034 

3,040 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 1,328 

1,337 

1,036 
 
 Atrial fibrillation 
 898 

822 

708 
 
 Neuromodulation 
 423 

419 

380 

5,503 

5,612 

5,164 

Geographic Information : The Company markets and sells its products primarily through a direct sales force. The principal geographic markets for the Company's products are the United States, Europe, Japan and Asia Pacific. The Company attributes net sales to geographic markets based on the location of the customer. 
 
 Net sales by significant geographic market based on customer location for the respective fiscal years were as follows (in millions): 
 Net Sales 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 United States 
 
 2,594 

2,648 

2,655 
 
 International 

Europe 
 1,432 

1,559 

1,314 
 
 Japan 
 665 

641 

553 
 
 Asia Pacific 
 456 

416 

324 
 
 Other 
 356 

348 

318 

2,909 

2,964 

2,509 

5,503 

5,612 

5,164 

55 

 Table of Contents 

 The amounts for long-lived assets by significant geographic market include net property, plant and equipment by physical location of the asset as follows (in millions): Long-Lived Assets 
 December 29, 2012 
 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 January 1, 2011 
 United States 
 
 1,036 

1,007 

966 
 
 International 

Europe 
 82 

84 

86 
 
 Japan 
 32 

31 

26 
 
 Asia Pacific 
 82 

81 

74 
 
 Other 
 193 

185 

172 

389 

381 

358 

1,425 

1,388 

1,324 

56 

 Table of Contents 

 NOTE 15 - QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) 
 
 First 
 
 Second 
 
 Third 
 
 Fourth 
 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Quarter 
 
 Quarter 
 
 Quarter 
 
 Quarter 

Fiscal Year 2012: 

Net sales 
 
 1,395 

1,410 

1,326 

1,372 

Gross profit 
 1,014 

1,027 

971 

953 

Net earnings (a) 
 212 
 
 (b) 
 244 

176 
 
 (c) 
 120 
 
 (d) 
 Basic net earnings per share 
 
 0.67 

0.78 

0.56 

0.39 

Diluted net earnings per share 
 
 0.67 

0.78 

0.56 

0.39 

Cash dividends declared per share 
 
 0.23 

0.23 

0.23 

0.23 

Fiscal Year 2011: 

Net sales 
 
 1,376 

1,446 

1,383 

1,407 

Gross profit 
 1,011 

1,051 

1,013 

1,004 

Net earnings (e) 
 233 

241 

227 

125 
 
 (f) 
 Basic net earnings per share 
 
 0.72 

0.73 

0.70 

0.39 

Diluted net earnings per share 
 
 0.71 

0.72 

0.69 

0.39 

Cash dividends declared per share 
 
 0.21 

0.21 

0.21 

0.21 

(a) 
 Restructuring activities resulted in after-tax special charges of 29 million for the first quarter, 27 million for the second quarter, 66 million for the third quarter and 75 million for the fourth quarter. 
 (b) 
 Includes after-tax special charges of 25 million related to a license dispute settlement charge. 
 (c) 
 Includes after-tax special charges of 15 million for intangible asset impairment charges. 
 (d) 
 Includes after-tax special charges of 27 million related to IESD litigation and field action costs and after-tax charges of 11 million for intangible asset impairment charges and CATD inventory write-offs associated with discontinued product lines. Additionally, the Company recognized 46 million of additional income tax expense related to adjustments to uncertain tax positions associated with the effective settlement of certain income tax audits. 
 (e) 
 Restructuring activities resulted in after-tax special charges of 29 million for the second quarter, 21 million for the third quarter and 71 million for the fourth quarter. 
 (f) 
 Includes after-tax special charges of 31 million for intangible asset impairment charges and 38 million of after-tax accounts receivable allowance charges for collection risk in Europe. 

57 

 Table of Contents 

 Five-Year Summary Financial Data 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 

2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2009 
 
 2008 
 
 Summary of Operations for the Fiscal Year: 
 
 Net sales 

5,503 

5,612 

5,164 

4,681 

4,363 

Gross profit 
 
 3,965 

4,079 

3,754 

3,428 

3,193 

Percent of net sales 
 
 72.1 

72.7 

72.7 

73.2 

73.2 

Operating profit 
 
 1,100 

1,115 

1,276 

1,113 

655 

Percent of net sales 
 
 20.0 

19.9 

24.7 

23.8 

15.0 

Net earnings 

752 

826 

907 

777 

353 

Percent of net sales 
 
 13.7 

14.7 

17.6 

16.6 

8.1 

Diluted net earnings per share 

2.39 
 
 (a) 
 
 2.52 
 
 (b) 
 
 2.75 
 
 (c) 
 
 2.26 
 
 (d) 
 
 1.01 
 
 (e) 
 Cash dividends declared per share 

0.92 

0.84 

Financial Position at Year End: 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 

1,194 

986 

500 

393 

136 

Working capital (f) 
 
 1,776 

2,323 

1,895 

1,493 

1,052 

Total assets 
 
 9,271 

9,118 

8,566 

6,426 

5,723 

Total debt (g) 
 
 3,080 

2,796 

2,512 

1,922 

1,202 

Shareholders equity 

4,094 

4,475 

4,372 

3,325 

3,236 

Other Data: 
 
 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 
 314.8 

327.1 

330.5 

344.4 

349.7 

Fiscal year 2008 consisted of 53 weeks. All other fiscal years noted above consisted of 52 weeks. The Company did not declare or pay any cash dividends during 2008 through 2010. Beginning in fiscal year 2011, the Company began declaring and paying cash dividends. 
 (a) 
 2012 diluted net earnings per share include after-tax special charges of 275 million related to the Company's realignment of its product divisions into two new operating divisions: the Cardiovascular and Ablation Technologies Division (CATD) (combining the legacy Cardiovascular and Atrial Fibrillation divisions) and the Implantable Electronic Systems Division (IESD) (combining the legacy Cardiac Rhythm Management and Neuromodulation divisions) and centralization of certain support functions 122 million), ongoing restructuring actions in the Company's cardiac rhythm management business and sales and selling support organizations 75 million), IESD litigation and field action costs 27 million), a license dispute settlement charge 25 million) and intangible asset impairment charges and inventory write-offs 26 million). Additionally, the Company recognized 46 million of additional income tax expense related to a settlement reserve for certain prior year tax positions. See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Financial Report for further detail. The impact of these items on 2012 net earnings was 321 million, or 1.02 per diluted share. 
 (b) 
 2011 diluted net earnings per share include after-tax special charges of 151 million related to restructuring activities 121 million) and intangible asset impairment charges 30 million) as well as after-tax IPR D charges of 3 million. See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Financial Report for further detail. The impact of these items on 2011 net earnings was 154 million, or 0.47 per diluted share. 
 (c) 
 2010 diluted net earnings per share include after-tax special charges of 33 million, after-tax IPR D charges of 12 million and an after-tax investment impairment charge of 5 million. See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Financial Report for further detail. The impact of these items on 2010 net earnings was 50 million, or 0.15 per diluted share. 
 (d) 
 2009 diluted net earnings per share include after-tax special charges of 76 million, an after-tax investment impairment charge of 5 million and after-tax IPR D charges of 4 million. The impact of these items on 2009 net earnings was 85 million, or 0.25 per diluted share. 
 (e) 
 2008 diluted net earnings per share include 319 million of after-tax IPR D charges, after-tax special charges of 73 million and after-tax investment impairment charges of 8 million. The impact of these items on 2008 net earnings was 400 million, or 1.15 per diluted share. 
 (f) 
 Total current assets less total current liabilities. Working capital fluctuations can be significant based on the maturity dates of the Company s debt obligations. The Company's current debt obligations included in current liabilities were 530 million (2012), 83 million (2011), 80 million (2010), 335 million (2009) and 76 million (2008). 
 58 

 Table of Contents 

 (g) 
 Total debt consists of current debt obligations and long-term debt. 

59 

 Table of Contents 

INVESTOR INFORMATION 
 
 Stock Transfer Agent 
 Requests concerning the transfer or exchange of shares, lost stock certificates, duplicate mailings or change of address should be directed to the Company s Transfer Agent at: 
 
 Wells Fargo Shareowner Services 
 1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101 
 Mendota Heights, MN 55120 
 1 800 468 9716 
 www.shareowneronline.com 
 
 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 
 The annual meeting of shareholders will be held at 8:30 a.m. Central Daylight Time on Thursday, May 2, 2013, at the Minnesota History Center, 345 Kellogg Boulevard West, St. Paul, Minnesota, 55102. 
 
 Investor Contact 
 To obtain information about the Company, call the Investor Relations (IR) Department at 1 800 328 9634, visit St. Jude Medical s Web site, sjm.com , or write to: 
 
 Investor Relations 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. 
 One St. Jude Medical Drive 
 St. Paul, Minnesota 55117 
 The IR section on St. Jude Medical s website includes all SEC filings, a list of analysts who cover the Company, webcasts and presentations, financial information and a calendar of upcoming earnings announcements and IR events. 
 Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (DRIP) 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. s transfer agent, Wells Fargo Shareowner Services, administers the Company s Shareowner Service Plus Plan SM (the Plan ). The Plan provides registered shareholders the ability to reinvest their dividends in additional shares of St. Jude Medical (STJ) common stock. The Plan offers a variety of other flexible services and features, in some cases available to non-STJ shareholders, including direct stock purchase, the ability to sign up for telephone and online transaction privileges and a variety of other features. Please direct inquiries concerning the Plan to Wells Fargo Shareowner Services. 
 
 Trademarks 
 All product names appearing in this document are trademarks owned by, or licensed to, St. Jude Medical, Inc. 
 
 Company Stock Splits 
 2:1 on 6/15/79, 3/12/80, 9/30/86, 3/15/89, 4/30/90, 6/28/02 and 11/22/04. 
 3:2 on 11/16/95. 
 
 Stock Exchange Listings 
 New York Stock Exchange 
 Symbol: STJ 
 60 

 Table of Contents 

 Cash dividends declared were 0.23 per share and 0.21 per share each quarter during fiscal years 2012 and 2011, respectively. Prior to 2011, the Company had not declared or paid any cash dividends since 1994. The range of high and low prices per share for the Company s common stock for fiscal years 2012 and 2011 is set forth below. As of February 25, 2013, the Company had 2,048 shareholders of record. 

Fiscal Year 

2012 
 
 2011 
 Quarter 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 First 

44.80 

34.23 

53.05 

40.14 
 
 Second 

44.10 

34.82 

54.18 

46.01 
 
 Third 

43.31 

35.57 

49.79 

35.42 
 
 Fourth 

43.76 

30.25 

41.98 

32.13 

Cumulative Total Shareholder Returns (in dollars) 
 
 The graph compares the cumulative total shareholder returns for St. Jude Medical common stock for the last five fiscal years with the Standard Poor s 500 Health Care Equipment Index and the Standard Poor s 500 Index weighted by market value at each measurement point. The comparison assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2007, in St. Jude Medical common stock and in each of these Standard Poor s indexes and assumes the reinvestment of any dividends. 

61 

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 11
 exhibit2112292012.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21 12.29.2012 

EXHIBIT 21 
 
 ST. JUDE MEDICAL, INC. 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 as of December 29, 2012 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. Wholly Owned Subsidiaries: 
 
 Pacesetter, Inc. - Sylmar, California; Scottsdale, Arizona; and Maven, South Carolina (Delaware corporation) (dba St. Jude Medical Cardiac Rhythm Management Division) 
 
 St. Jude Medical S.C., Inc. - Austin, Texas (Minnesota corporation) 
 
 AGA Medical LLC (Minnesota limited liability company) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Europe, Inc. - St. Paul, Minnesota (Delaware corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Canada, Inc. - Mississauga, Ontario (Ontario, Canada corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. - Shanghai, China (Chinese corporation) 
 
 Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou representative offices 
 
 St. Jude Medical Australia Pty., Ltd. - Sydney, Australia (Australian corporation) (67.11 (1,438,624 shares) held by St. Jude Medical, Inc. and 32.89 (705,000 shares) held by St. Jude Medical Asia Pacific Holdings GK) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Brasil, Ltda. - Sao Paulo and Belo Horizonte, Brazil (Brazilian corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Atrial Fibrillation Division, Inc. (Formerly St. Jude Medical, Daig Division, Inc.) - Minnesota and California (Minnesota corporation) 
 
 Endocardial Solutions NV/SA (Belgian corporation) 
 
 EP MedSystems France (French corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Colombia, Ltda. - Bogota, Colombia (Colombian corporation) 
 
 Eagle Merger Corporation - (Delaware corporation) 
 
 Nantucket Subsidiary Corporation - (Delaware corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical ATG, Inc. - Maple Grove, Minnesota (Minnesota corporation) (Shell) 
 
 Irvine Biomedical, Inc. - Irvine, California (California corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical, Cardiology Division, Inc. (Formerly Velocimed, Inc.) - Minnesota (Delaware corporation) (dba St. Jude Medical Cardiovascular Division) 
 
 LightLab Imaging, Inc. - Westford, Massachusetts (Delaware corporation) 
 
 LightLab Imaging Europe B.V. (Dutch corporation) 
 
 Sealing Solutions, Inc. - Plymouth, Minnesota (Georgia corporation) 
 
 SJ Medical Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. - (Mexican corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Argentina S.A. - Buenos Aires, Argentina (Argentinean corporation) 
 
 Advanced Neuromodulation Systems, Inc. - Plano, Texas (Texas corporation) (dba St. Jude Medical Neuromodulation Division) 
 
 Hi-Tronics Designs, Inc. - Budd Lake, New Jersey (New Jersey corporation) 
 
 AGA Medical Holdings, Inc. - Plymouth, Minnesota (Delaware corporation) 
 
 AGA Medical Corporation - Plymouth, Minnesota (Minnesota corporation) 
 
 AGA Medical Belgium SPRL (Belgian corporation) 
 
 SJM International, Inc. - St. Paul, Minnesota (Delaware corporation) 

SJM International, Inc. Wholly Owned Legal Entities (Directly and Indirectly): 
 
 St. Jude Medical Luxembourg Holding II S.a r.l. (Luxembourg corporation) 
 
 SJM Delaware Holding, LLC - St. Paul, Minnesota (Delaware limited liability company) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Bermuda GP (Bermuda partnership) (SJM International, Inc. is the majority partner and SJM Delaware Holding LLC is the minority partner) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Luxembourg Holding S. r.l. (Luxembourg corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Luxembourg S.a r.l. (Luxembourg corporation) 
 
 U.S. Branch of St. Jude Medical Luxembourg Holding S. r.l. 
 
 MediGuide, LLC (Delaware limited liability company) 
 
 MediGuide Ltd. (Israeli corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Nederland B.V. (Netherlands corporation) (wholly owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical Luxembourg Holding S. r.l.) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Puerto Rico LLC (Puerto Rican corporation) (wholly owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical Luxembourg Holding S. r.l.) 

SJM Coordination Center BVBA (Belgian corporation) (wholly owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical Luxembourg Holding S. r.l.) 
 
 Cardio Life Research S.A. (Belgian corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Balkan d.o.o. (Serbian corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Estonia O (Estonian corporation) 
 
 SJM Hellas Limited Liability Trading Company (Greece corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Operations (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. (Malaysian corporation) (wholly owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical Luxembourg Holding S. r.l.) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Costa Rica Limitada (Costa Rica corporation) (wholly owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical Luxembourg Holding S. r.l.) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Holdings B.V. (Netherlands corporation) (wholly owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical Luxembourg S. r.l.) 
 
 St. Jude Medical India Private Limited (Indian corporation) (wholly owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical Holdings B.V.) 
 
 St. Jude Medical New Zealand Limited (New Zealand corporation) (wholly owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical Holdings B.V.) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Asia Pacific Holdings GK (Japanese corporation) (wholly owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical Holdings B.V.) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Japan Co., Ltd. (Japanese corporation) (wholly owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical Asia Pacific Holdings GK) 
 
 St. Jude Medical (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Singaporean corporation) (wholly owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical Asia Pacific Holdings GK) 
 
 St. Jude Medical (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd (Malaysian corporation) (wholly owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical Asia Pacific Holdings GK) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Taiwan Co. (Taiwan corporation) (wholly owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical Asia Pacific Holdings GK) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Korea YH (Korean corporation) (wholly owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical Asia Pacific Holdings GK) 
 
 St. Jude Medical (Hong Kong) Limited (Hong Kong corporation) (wholly owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical Asia Pacific Holdings GK) 
 
 St. Jude Medical (Thailand) Co., Ltd. - Bangkok, Thailand (Thai corporation) (wholly owned subsidiary of St. Jude Medical Asia Pacific Holdings GK) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Sweden AB (Swedish corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Systems AB (formerly Radi Medical Systems AB) (Swedish corporation) 
 
 Radi Medical Systems Co., Ltd. (Thai corporation) 
 
 Radi Medical Systems Pte., Ltd. (Singapore corporation) 
 
 HB Betakonsult (Swedish partnership) (St. Jude Medical AB holds a 99 interest and St. Jude Medical Systems AB holds a 1 interest) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Danmark A/S (Danish corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical (Portugal) - Distribui o de Produtos M dicos, Lda. (Portuguese corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Export Ges.m.b.H. (Austrian corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Medizintechnik Ges.m.b.H. (Austrian corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Italia S.p.A. (Italian corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Belgium (Belgian corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Espa a S.A. (Spanish corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical France S.A.S. (French corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Finland O/y (Finnish corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Sp.zo.o. (Polish corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical GmbH (German corporation) 

St. Jude Medical Kft (Hungarian corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical UK Limited (United Kingdom corporation) 
 
 AGA Medical Limited (United Kingdom corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical (Schweiz) AG (Swiss corporation) 
 
 UAB St. Jude Medical Baltic (Lithuanian corporation) 
 
 St. Jude Medical Norway AS (Norwegian corporation) 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 12
 exhibit2312292012.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23 12.29.2012 

EXHIBIT 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of St. Jude Medical, Inc. of our reports dated February 26, 2013, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of St. Jude Medical, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of St. Jude Medical, Inc., included in the 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders of St. Jude Medical, Inc. 
 
 Our audits also included the financial statement schedule of St. Jude Medical, Inc. listed in Item 15(a)(2). This schedule is the responsibility of St. Jude Medical, Inc.'s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits. In our opinion, as to which the date is February 26, 2013, the financial statement schedule referred to above, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 
 
 We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-160726) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-42945, 333-42668, 333-96697, 333-127381, 333-130180, 333-136398, 333-143090, 333-149440, 333-150839, 333-176200, 333-183158 and 333-183159) of St. Jude Medical, Inc. with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of St. Jude Medical, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of St. Jude Medical, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 29, 2012. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 February 26, 2013 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 13
 exhibit2412292012.htm
 POWER OF ATTORNEY

Exhibit 24 12.29.2012 

EXHIBIT 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Daniel J. Starks, Donald J. Zurbay and Jason A. Zellers, each with full power to act without the other, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K of St. Jude Medical, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2012, and any or all amendments to said Annual Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and to file the same with such other authorities as necessary, granting unto each such attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each such attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Power of Attorney has been signed on this 23rd day of February, 2013, by the following persons. 

/s/ DANIEL J. STARKS 
 
 /s/ BARBARA B. HILL 
 Daniel J. Starks 
 
 Barbara B. Hill 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ DONALD J. ZURBAY 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL A. ROCCA 
 Donald J. Zurbay 
 
 Michael A. Rocca 
 Vice President, Finance and 
 
 Director 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ JOHN W. BROWN 
 
 /s/ WENDY L. YARNO 
 John W. Brown 
 
 Wendy L. Yarno 
 Director 
 
 Director 

/s/ RICHARD R. DEVENUTI 

Richard R. Devenuti 

Director 

/s/ STUART M. ESSIG 

Stuart M. Essig 

Director 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 14
 stjude20121229_ex31-1q41.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

stjude 2012.12.29_ex31-1 Q4 (1) 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Daniel J. Starks, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of St. Jude Medical, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 26, 2013 

/s/ DANIEL J. STARKS 
 
 Daniel J. Starks 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 15
 stjude20121229_ex31-2q41.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

stjude 2012.12.29_ex31-2 Q4 (1) 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Donald J. Zurbay, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of St. Jude Medical, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 26, 2013 

/s/ DONALD J. ZURBAY 
 
 Donald J. Zurbay 
 
 Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 16
 stjude20121229_ex32-1q41.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

stjude 2012.12.29_ex32-1 Q4 (1) 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of St. Jude Medical, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 29, 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report), I, Daniel J. Starks, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ DANIEL J. STARKS 

Daniel J. Starks 

Chairman, President and Chief 

Executive Officer 

February 26, 2013 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 17
 stjude20121229_ex32-2q41.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

stjude 2012.12.29_ex32-2 Q4 (1) 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of St. Jude Medical, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 29, 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report), I, Donald J. Zurbay, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ DONALD J. ZURBAY 

Donald J. Zurbay 

Vice President, Finance and 

Chief Financial Officer 

February 26, 2013 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 18
 stj-20121229.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 stj-20121229.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 20
 stj-20121229_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 stj-20121229_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 22
 stj-20121229_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 stj-20121229_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

