<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20130219_10-K_edgar_data_1108967_0001144204-13-009821.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8273983</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>327619</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1551518</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1672860</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2534881</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1968281</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-13-009821.hdr.sgml : 20130219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20130219062713
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-13-009821
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CUI Global, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001108967
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				841463284
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35407
		FILM NUMBER:		13621387

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20050 SW 112 AVENUE
		CITY:			TUALATIN
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97062
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(503) 612-2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20050 SW 112 AVENUE
		CITY:			TUALATIN
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97062

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Waytronx, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080131

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ONSCREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040719

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEW MILLENNIUM MEDIA INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000310

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-13-009821.txt : 20130219

10-K
 1
 v332589_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

x
 ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31,
2012. 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE REQUIRED) 

Commission File Number 0-29923 

CUI Global, Inc. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

Colorado 
 
 (3670) 
 
 84-1463284 
 
 (State or jurisdiction of 
 
 (Primary Standard Industrial 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Classification Code Number) 
 
 Identification No.) 

20050 SW 112 th Avenue 

 Tualatin, Oregon 97062 

 (503) 612-2300 

 (Address and Telephone Number of Principal
Executive Offices and Principal Place of Business) 

William J. Clough, CEO/President 

 CUI Global, Inc. 

 20050 SW 112 th Avenue 

 Tualatin, Oregon 97062 

 (503) 612-2300 

 (Name, Address and
Telephone Number of Agent for Service) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Name of each exchange 
 
 Title of each class 
 
 where registered 
 
 Common Stock par value 0.001 per share 
 
 The NASDAQ Stock Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x
 No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. x Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x Yes 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant
to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated
filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated
filer Non-accelerated filer 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes x
 No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common
equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2012, computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold,
or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, was 53,601,066 . 

As of February 19, 2013, the registrant had 10,883,280 shares
of common stock outstanding and no shares of Preferred Stock outstanding. 

PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 

 Not Applicable 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 None. 

Part I 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 12 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 13 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 13 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 13 
 
 Part II 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 14 

Market Value 
 16 

Description of Securities 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 24 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 26 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 27 

Results of Operations 
 31 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 35 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 35 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 35 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 
 Item 9A(T) 
 Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 36 
 
 Part III 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 36 

Our Corporate Governance Practices 
 41 

Code of Ethics 
 42 

Audit Committee 
 42 

Audit Committee Report 
 43 

Nominating Committee 
 43 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 44 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
 Stockholder Matters 
 57 

Equity Incentive Plans 
 59 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 61 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 62 
 
 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 63 

Exhibits 
 63 

Signatures 
 66 

Certifications 

2 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated
herein by reference contain forward-looking statements that have been made pursuant to the provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about
our industry, management's beliefs and assumptions made by management. Words such as anticipates, expects, 
 intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates, variations of such words
and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future
performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict; therefore, actual results
and outcomes may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. 

Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements made in
this Annual Report are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results anticipated
by management will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to or effects
on our business operations. 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Corporate Overview 

 CUI Global Delivering Innovative Technologies for an Interconnected
World. 

CUI Global, Inc., formerly known as Waytronx, Inc., is a Colorado
corporation organized on April 21, 1998. The Company s principal place of business is located at 20050 SW 112 th 
Avenue, Tualatin, Oregon 97062, phone (503) 612-2300. CUI Global is a platform company dedicated to maximizing shareholder value
through the acquisition, development and commercialization of new, innovative technologies. Through its subsidiaries, CUI Global
has built a diversified portfolio of industry leading technologies that touch many markets. 

CUI, Inc. - Subsidiary 

 Effective May 16, 2008, CUI Global, Inc. formed a wholly owned
subsidiary, Waytronx Holdings, Inc., to acquire the assets of CUI, Inc., a Tualatin, Oregon based provider of electronic components
including power supplies, transformers, converters, connectors and industrial controls for Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs).
The wholly owned subsidiary was renamed CUI, Inc. following the close of the acquisition. Through the acquisition of CUI, Inc.,
the Company obtained 352,589 common shares (representing an 11.54 interest at December 31, 2012 and 2011) in Test Products International,
Inc., a provider of handheld test and measurement equipment. Since its inception in 1989, CUI has been delivering quality products,
extensive application solutions and superior personal service. CUI's solid customer commitment and honest corporate message are
a hallmark in the industry. 

Through CUI s capabilities and extensive contacts throughout
Asia, this acquisition allows CUI Global to continue to identify, acquire and commercialize new proprietary technologies. CUI
Global will use CUI s market partners and global distribution capabilities to bring other products to market, including
the Novum Digital Power Modules, Solus Power Topology, Vergence GasPT2 and other proprietary devices, described below. CUI s
testing and R D capabilities allow CUI Global to commercialize and prototype its products more efficiently and economically. 

3 

The consideration for the CUI, Inc. asset purchase transaction
included two promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of thirty one million five hundred thousand dollars 31,500,000).
In May 2009, CUI Global and the holder of the 17,500,000 convertible promissory note, IED, Inc., agreed to amend the convertible
promissory note by reducing the conversion rate from 7.50 to 2.10 per share to reflect the stock price for the ten day trailing
average preceding April 24, 2009, the date of the agreement. The agreement specifically retained the total maximum convertible
shares at 2,333,333 as stated in the original note. This amendment effectively reduced the note principal from 17,500,000
to 4,900,000. On April 1, 2010, the Company satisfied the 4,900,000 convertible promissory note and 850,500 in accrued interest
for a one-time payment of 50,000 and the conversion of 70,000 of the principal into 33,333 shares of the company s common
stock at a conversion rate of 2.10 per share. Pursuant to a September 1, 2010 agreement with the holder of the 14,000,000 promissory
note, IED, Inc., the note principal was reduced by 1,588,063, the interest rate and payment terms were restructured and the Company
paid 1,200,000 of the principal balance during the fourth quarter of 2010 and an additional 487,208 of the principal balance
during the first quarter of 2011. The revised terms set the interest rate at 6 per annum with monthly interest payments and a
May 15, 2018 balloon payment. 

CUI Japan and the Discontinued Operations of Comex Electronics,
Ltd. - Subsidiaries 

 In July 2009 CUI Global acquired, as a wholly owned subsidiary,
Comex Instruments, Ltd., now known as CUI Japan and 49 of Comex Electronics, Ltd. Both companies are Japanese based providers
of electronic components. Effective July 1, 2011, CUI Global entered into an agreement to convey its 49 ownership interest in
Comex Electronics to the owners of the remaining 51 who are the original founders and were the original owners of Comex Instruments
for 617,975 in the form of a five year note receivable bearing interest at 4 per annum. As such, the operations of Comex Electronics
are reported as discontinued operations for the comparable periods. CUI Global will continue to maintain its 100 ownership of
CUI Japan the operations of which are not affected by the Comex Electronics divestment. As of December 31, 2012, the Comex Electronics
note receivable is current in accordance with the agreed terms. 

Business Overview 

 We are an electronics platform company currently delivering
more than 20,000 separate products into the marketplace. We are dedicated to and focused on the acquisition, development and commercialization
of new, innovative electronic technologies/products to add to our product portfolio. We seek out market-ready technologies and,
using our 20+ years of experience in the electronics industry and our diversified platform of distribution, marketing, sales,
R D and engineering support, we bring that technology into the market place, joining our more than 20,000 current stock keeping
units SKU s ). Our platform consists of a financial, marketing, sales, engineering and administrative group
dedicated to directing and supporting three separate market silos. Those silos include: (1) Power Supply Units PSU ,
which consists of industrial power supplies (both internal and external) and our patented, proprietary technologies, Novum 
 Advanced Power and Solus Power Topology. Novum incorporates our digital power modules, providing programmable power
chips to leading network and telecommunication companies. Solus enhances that capability by providing a more efficient power supply
source, currently in the form of a brick, but scalable to serve numerous customer needs; (2) Test and Measurement ,
which is the oldest part of our business and, along with providing probes and other test devices, incorporates our unique Vergence 
Inferential Gas Metering Technology and the GasPT2 device, which we have branded under the name Vergence; and, (3) Electronic
Components , which includes our more than 20,000 SKU s and our proprietary motion control devices. From what we consider
to be the world's smallest optical shaft encoder, to our innovative proprietary technology utilized in the AMT modular encoder,
we are positioning ourselves to be a preeminent source for motion control products. In sum, we have built and continue to build
a diversified portfolio of industry leading technologies that touch many markets. 

4 

We focus our market knowledge, industry network and reputation
within the electronics industry into locating, identifying and acquiring market-ready electronic technologies. Once identified,
we put considerable effort into our due diligence process. That process is designed to ensure that we acquire only market-ready
technologies which are synergistic to our diversified electronics portfolio. Once acquired, we assign a team of engineers, market
specialists and sales executives to implement our commercialization strategy. That end-to-end strategy incorporates
everything from branding, to market/product surveys, to identification of appropriate market partners and more. 

Our Products and Product Categories 

PSUs 

 V-Infinity Power 

 Our current power line, V-Infinity, consists of external and
embedded ac-dc power supplies, dc-dc converters and basic digital point of load modules. This dynamic, broadly applicable product
line accounts for a significant portion of our current revenue and recent revenue growth. 

Digital Power Patent License Agreement with Power-One,
Inc . 

 The company entered into a non-exclusive Field of Use Agreement
with Power-One, Inc. to license Power-One s Digital Power Technology patents. The license provides access to Power-One s
portfolio of Digital Power Technology patents for incorporation into the company s new line of digital point of load power
modules. The company, through its power division, also manufactures a wide range of embedded and external power electronics devices
for OEM manufacturers. 

Novum Advanced Power 

 We have developed the first fully featured digital point of
load dc-dc converter in the power market under our Novum Advanced Power line of products. This product is a next generation product
targeted at the intermediate bus power architecture that is prolifically used in the telecom and networking communications market.
In September of 2010 we released full production versions of two point of load modules. We were finalists for the prestigious
Golden Mousetrap Award and EDN Innovation Award for these parts in 2010. With the shift towards smarter, smaller, and more energy
efficient power requirements, our engineers are seeking innovative solutions that allow them to keep pace with lower core voltages,
faster transient response needs and increasing thermal issues that they face in their designs. Our recently introduced Novum NDM2
modules, with a full suite of digital features, specifically address these growing system complexities through intelligent power
management. The NDM2 series is the first to be designed by the company as part of the Ericsson cooperation announced in July 2011.
The agreement formalizes a plan between the two companies to offer a multi-source digital POL platform based on the Ericsson BMR46X
series, with future plans to co-develop modules outside the existing range of 10~50A. We have also developed a middle ground product
to ease the customer base into the benefits of digital in power. We developed a smart module that allows for the
benefits of digital in the design cycle but when installed functions like a highly optimized analog unit. 

5 

Solus Topology License
with California Power Research 

 The company entered into an exclusive Field of Use Agreement
with California Power Research to license their BPS-5 topology, now marketed as the Solus Topology. This topology provides industry
leading efficiencies and densities in power design. The topology is broadly applicable to both DC-DC and AC-DC products. This
will allow for the company to have a long roadmap of industry leading products to service its broad customer base. In addition,
its first target is the Intermediate Bus Architecture (IBA) where the Digital POL modules are used. 

Solus Power Topology 

 Through the Solus Topology, we have a proprietary patented
power topology for designing unique power circuits. This topology allows for higher efficiencies, densities, response time, and
price competitiveness that is otherwise unavailable. Our initial product designed using this topology is in the quarter brick
dc-dc converter market. Solus is an entirely new topology, rich in features that accelerate the performance trend trajectories
for the big-four power conversion needs in the telecom and server markets: greater efficiency; higher power density; reduced EMI
(electro-magnetic interference); and faster transient response four times as fast. We have introduced the NQB2060 Novum one
quarter brick bus converter as a prime example of the benchmark 720 watts output power performance using the Solus Topology. Since
the Solus Topology maintains its effectiveness independent of the control method used, it can operate with analog voltage mode
control, analog current mode control, and various digital control profiles. We believe that unique feature opens the door for
the company to implement this topology in a wide variety of power supply product platforms. We also believe that this topology
will allow for at least a decade of new product designs and introductions. 

As the large scale networking and telecommunications companies
convert to digital power, our early entry into the market, our unique Solus Topology, and our relationship with Ericsson should
enhance our ability to penetrate this (according to the Darnell Group) multi-billion dollar market. 

Test and Measurement 

 Vergence GasPT2 

 Through an exclusive licensing contract with GL Industrial
Services UK, Ltd. (GL), formerly British-based Advantica, Ltd., CUI Global owns exclusive rights to manufacture, sell and distribute
a Gas Quality Inferential Measurement Device (GasPT2) designed by GL on a worldwide basis, now marketed as the Vergence GasPT2. 

The Vergence natural gas inferential metering device, the GasPT2,
is a low cost solution to measuring natural gas quality. It can be connected to a natural gas system to provide a fast, accurate,
close to real time measurement of the physical properties, such as thermal conductivity, speed of sound and carbon dioxide content.
From these measurements it infers an effective gas mixture comprising four components: methane, propane, nitrogen, and measured
carbon dioxide and then uses ISO6976 to calculate the gas quality characteristics of calorific value (CV), Wobbe index (WI), relative
density (RD), and compression factor (Z). An ISO, International Organization for Standardization, is a documented agreement containing
technical specifications or other precise criteria to be used consistently as rules, guidelines or definitions of characteristics
to ensure that materials, products, processes and services are fit for their purpose. 

This new and innovative technology has been certified for use
in fiscal monitoring by Ofgem in the United Kingdom, the Polish Oil Gas Company Department of Testing and Calibration in
Warsaw, NOVA Chemical/TransCanada, and SNAM RETE in Italy. At present, there is no equivalent product competition. There are instruments
like gas chromatographs GC ), but they are slow, complicated to use and as much as five times the price of the GasPT2. 

6 

By way of example, in the case of SNAM RETE, the Italian gas
transmission company, there are 13 natural gas injection points for the SNAM RETE system. Those injection points will continue
to use GC s for monitoring. On the other hand, there are 1,500 customer access points, servicing 7,500 customers. Those
would include city gates, large industrial users, power generation plants and others. All of those customer access ports would
be applicable for the Vergence Technology. In the case of ENAGAS in Spain that ratio is 6 injection points and over 300 access
points. 

In addition, there are currently 50,000 gas-fired turbines
in operation worldwide. Each of those turbines is subject to variances in natural gas quality. Depending on the quality of the
gas, those very expensive machines can be tuned to run more efficiently and therefore longer with much cleaner emissions. Currently,
because of the delay in information from the GC s, such tuning cannot be effectively accomplished. Operators attempt to
deal with the delay by placing the monitoring station miles away from the turbine or creating large holding tanks to maintain
the gas until an analysis can be completed. The use of the Vergence Technology, will enable those operators to place the GasPT2
units right next to the turbines and by interfacing them with the machine s process control software, the tuning can be
accomplished on almost a real-time basis; thus, allowing the turbines to run longer, more efficiently and cleaner. In October/November
2012, the GasPT2 device successfully passed first-phase testing by GE-ENERGY at its Turbine Test Facility in Houston, Texas. 

In 2011, the Company reached agreements with several European
and United States companies to place beta test units for both laboratory and infield testing. These companies included SNAM RETE
in Italy; National Grid in the United Kingdom; and GASUNIE in The Netherlands, among others. In early 2012, the company began
the delivery of beta units to North American companies for their own beta test programs. 

In addition, we signed an exclusive 5-year distribution agreement
for the United Kingdom with Orbital Gas Systems, Ltd., the largest specialty gas engineering company in England. In conjunction
with Orbital, we have introduced the combined Vergence GasPT2 unit and Vergence V-Probe to National Grid the largest gas transmission/distribution
company in the UK. In January 2012 we entered into a second five (5) year, exclusive distribution agreement for our Vergence technology
with an Italian company, SOCRATE s.p.a. for sales, marketing, distribution and service of our Vergence GasPT2 gas metering device
for Italy and North Africa, including Libya and Tunisia. The agreement calls for sales of as many as 2,000 to 3,000 units and
is valued from 40,000,000 to 60,000,000 over the five-year term. 

We have entered into non-exclusive distribution agreements
with two North American companies, Energy Measurement Consulting (EMC) and MGlobal. For its part, in December 2012, EMC issued
a purchase order for the scheduled delivery of 150 units in FY 2013. 

The Company has also reached an agreement with BWG/Blue Flame,
a company based in Dubai for exclusive representation in the Middle East, including the UAE, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and more. BWG/Blue
Flame are also in negotiations with several large Middle Eastern organizations to place the device in the Gulf Region; along with
representatives from Thailand, Romania, Turkey, and India for placement of the device. 

7 

Components 

 AMT Encoder 

 The company has an exclusive agreement to develop, sell and
distribute the AMT encoder worldwide. The AMT series modular encoder is designed with proprietary, capacitive, code-generating
technology as opposed to optical or magnetic encoding. This unique device allows breakthroughs in selectable resolution, shaft-adaptation
and convenient mounting solutions to bring ease of installation, reduction in SKU s and economies of scale in purchasing. 
The AMT amounts to almost 2000 different encoders in one package. The company is selling and distributing the AMT through various
customers. Moreover, the product is being marketed by multiple DC motor manufacturers. The AMT has been awarded several design
wins from Motion Control OEM s producing a wide range of products from cash machines to robotics. 

ISO 9001:2008 Certification 

 CUI, Inc. is certified to the ISO 9001:2008 Quality Management
Systems standards and guidelines. CUI is registered as conforming to the requirements of standard: ISO 9001:2008. The Quality
Management System is applicable to Design, Development and Distribution of electromechanical components for OEM manufacturing.
ISO 9001 is accepted worldwide as the inclusive international standard that defines quality. 

The certification of compliance with ISO 9001:2008 recognizes
that our policies, practices and procedures ensure consistent quality in the design services, technology and products we provide
our customers. 

Anticipated Growth Strategy for Our Electromechanical Product
Line 

 We hope to grow our electromechanical product line through
a planned strategy to increase our name recognition as a technology company. Our plan, already in effect, includes: 

increasing our
 customer base by
 redirecting our customers
 into the proper channel.
 Initially changing
 our minimum order
 level from 2,500
 up to 5,000. The
 minimum order level
 may be increased
 again in future periods.
 It is our intention
 that interacting
 with higher level
 customers and our
 extra effort to generate
 their confidence
 will generate an
 increased customer
 base. 

developing collaborative
 relationships with
 our customers by
 seeking to meet their
 design needs in a
 timely and cost effective
 manner. 

developing new
 technologies and
 expanded manufacturing
 capabilities as needed. 

growing our global
 sales and distribution
 through our primary
 international distribution
 channel, a prominent
 international sales
 and distribution
 strategic partner
 that ships product
 to more than 170
 countries worldwide
 from a single location
 in the United States. 

directing our
 marketing efforts
 through one of our
 two channels, either
 directly with the
 sales representative
 who understands the
 targets in the area
 or through our distributor
 with partnership
 marketing. 

attending strategic
 trade shows to grow
 our brand presence
 for our proprietary
 products. Because
 of our growing recognition
 in innovation, we
 need to be where
 the heads of the
 industries are, particularly
 at industry trade
 shows. 

These areas, however, need forward-looking growth investment
to understand the customers needs and develop products accordingly. We are in line with market standards for quality, customer
service and pricing. Our plan is to stay with this mark during our anticipated growth. We intend to expand according to our existing
model. The expansion means more manufacturer representative coverage and outside sales people in strategic areas throughout the
United States. We intend to eventually have field application engineers in the strategic areas driving designs at the customers 
facility. 

8 

We Are Intent on Meeting the Needs of Our Customers 

 Our specific product offering ranges from audio jacks to industrial
power supplies. While the bulk of our business is in power (ac-dc and dc-dc) products, we have a broad line of electromechanical
components for the OEM manufacturer. Because the electromechanical technology continues to evolve at a rapid pace, we thrive on
being flexible within the industry through our product offering and in how we conduct business. The primary focus areas for growth,
however, are in engineering and in sales. Our products are supported on our website and the products with the highest amount of
turnover are stocked and marketed in distribution centers. We strive to create collaborative relationships with our customers,
seeking to meet their design needs in a timely and cost effective manner. We invest in our future and the future of our customers
through new technologies, talented employees, expanded manufacturing capabilities and a growing global reach. 

Anticipated Growth Strategy for Vergence GasPT2 

 We are presently in the midst of our marketing efforts for
our Vergence GasPT2 Inferential Natural Gas Monitoring Device, the GasPT2. Our strategy for GasPT2 has been to identify the large
gas utility companies who would most likely provide opportunities for batch sales rather than single unit sales. Our sale
or return sales approach has been accepted very positively in Europe and the United States. Our approach focused strongly
on the United Kingdom, Europe and the United States in 2011. For 2012, the Company will continue its efforts in those areas and
also begin the process of taking GasPT2 to the Asian markets, with India identified as the test market. Beyond this we have a
strategy which is based on identification of the main geographical locations for liquefied natural gas importation (pipelines
and terminals), mixing and blending points and strategic locations for security of supply strategies which can be current or planned
pipelines and import terminals where additional gas quality monitoring may be required. 

In addition, we signed an exclusive distribution agreement
for the UK with Orbital Gas Systems, Ltd., the largest specialty gas engineering company in England. In conjunction with Orbital,
we have introduced the combined Vergence GasPT2 unit and Vergence V-Probe to National Grid the largest gas transmission/distribution
company in the UK. We recently entered into a second five (5) year, exclusive distribution agreement for our Vergence technology
with an Italian company, SOCRATE s.p.a. for sales, marketing, distribution and service of our Vergence GasPT2 gas metering
device for Italy and North Africa, including Libya and Tunisia. The agreement calls for sales of as many as 2,000 to 3,000 units
and is valued from 40,000,000 to 60,000,000 over the three-year term. 

We plan to replicate this type of agreement with other large,
regional gas engineering companies in Europe and North America and we are negotiating with several large Middle Eastern groups
to place the device in the Gulf Region. 

According to Global Industry Analysts, Inc. (GIA), the global
GC market will reach more than 1.5 billion by 2015. Admittedly, that market is mature and, according to GIA, is dominated by
 aftermarket and accessories sales. In contrast, the Vergence Technology is less expensive, more efficient and dramatically
faster than any available GC. It provides almost real-time monitoring without the need for a large enclosure, carrier gas and,
most significantly, regular technical support and calibration. Taking all of those factors into account, it is likely that the
Vergence Technology will rapidly and effectively penetrate a large segment of that 1.5 billion market. 

9 

Acquisition Strategy: 

 We are constantly alert to potential acquisition targets, both
in the form of technology and potential strategic partners. In that regard, we are repeatedly approached by inventors and others,
most especially in the power industry, to assess and assist in commercialization and marketing of new technologies. These contacts
largely arise because of our reputation and successes as well as our recent technology product line additions including Vergence,
Novum and Solus. Moreover, much like when we acquired CUI, Inc., there are many small, well-run electronics companies that become
available for multiple reasons. We will consider each of these potential opportunities as they arise with a careful analysis of
the relevant synergies between any potential acquisition and our current business, along with the potential for increased revenue
and/or market share. 

Research and Development Activities 

 Research and development costs for CUI Global were 791,332
for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 716,321 for the same period during 2011. Research and development costs are related
to the various technologies for which CUI Global has acquired licensing rights or is developing internally. The expenditures for
research and development have been directed primarily towards the further development of Novum Advanced Power technologies including
digital POLs and the Solus Topology, AMT Capacitive Encoders and towards the development of the Vergence GasPT2. The Company expects
that research and development expenses will increase during 2013 as the Company continues to expand its product offering and technologies
due to market acceptance and customer integration. 

Employees 

 As of December 31, 2012, the Company, together with its consolidating
subsidiaries, had sixty-two full-time and seven part-time employees. None of its employees is represented by a labor union. The
Company considers its relations with its employees to be good. The Company plans to add additional staff as needed to handle all
phases of its business. 

Intellectual Property License Evolution 

 AMT encoder technology :

Upon the acquisition of CUI, Inc., the Company obtained the
relationship with the holder of the AMT encoder technology. Through an exclusive licensing contract with AnderMotion Technologies,
LLC, signed on or about April 20, 2009, CUI acquired exclusive rights to manufacture, sell and distribute motion control devices
utilizing the AMT encoder technology. 

Novum Digital POL technology

Through a non-exclusive licensing agreement with Power-One,
Inc., signed on or about September 18, 2009, CUI has access to Power-One s portfolio of Digital Power Technology patents
for incorporation into CUI s new line of digital point of load (POL) power modules. 

Solus advanced power topology
technology 

 Through an exclusive licensing contract with California Power
Research, Inc., signed on or about March 4, 2010, CUI acquired the exclusive rights to manufacture, market, sell, lease, maintain,
give over and dispose of licensed product using the BPS-5 advanced power topology technology. 

Vergence GasPT2 technology

Through an exclusive licensing contract with GL Industrial
Services UK, Ltd. (GL), formerly British-based Advantica, Ltd., signed on or about January 4, 2010, CUI Global acquired exclusive
rights to manufacture, sell and distribute a Gas Quality Inferential Measurement Device (GasPT2) designed by GL on a worldwide
basis. 

10 

Intellectual Property Protection 

 The Company relies on various intellectual property laws and
contractual restrictions to protect its proprietary rights in products and services. These include confidentiality, invention
assignment and nondisclosure agreements with its employees, contractors, suppliers and strategic partners. The confidentiality
and nondisclosure agreements with employees, contractors and suppliers are in perpetuity or for a sufficient length of time so
as to not threaten exposure of proprietary information. The Company retained Hartman and Hartman, P. C., Banner Witcoff,
Ltd. and Law Offices of William W. Haefliger to manage its current interests relative to the prosecution of the national and international
patents. The Company intends to pursue the registration of our trademarks and service marks in the United States and internationally. 

In an effort to concentrate our business focus on our core
product development and marketing, in December 2011, we conveyed our WayCool and WayFast patent portfolio to Olantra Fund X, LLC
for a cash payment of 500,000. 

Under the Trademark Act of 1946, as amended, the United States
Patent and Trademark Office permitted our registration of the following trademarks that we actively maintain up to date: CUI INC,
CUI Europe, V-Infinity, AMT, Novum, CUI Global, Simple Digital, Vergence and Solus. 

The Company continuously reviews and updates the existing intellectual
property filings and files new documentation both nationally and internationally (Patent Cooperation Treaty) in a continuing effort
to maintain up to date protection of its intellectual property. 

For those intellectual property applications pending, there
is no assurance that the registrations will be granted. Furthermore, the Company is exposed to the risk that other parties may
claim the Company infringes their existing patent and trademark rights, which could result in the Company s inability to
develop and market its products unless the Company enters into licensing agreements with the technology owner or could force the
Company to engage in costly and potentially protracted litigation. 

Competitive Business Conditions 

 The industries in which the company competes are very broad.
We operate a commoditized electromechanical parts distribution business that is focused on efficiency of delivery and competitiveness
of pricing to differentiate our products from competitors. The market is subject to some volatility due to production requirements
of large global firms. We feel that our electromechanical parts distribution business is diverse and broad. We have a very strong
retail distribution partner that maximizes our product exposure to new designs and small to medium sized customers. We focus on
the OEM market and supply higher levels of support, customer service and a constantly expanding product line, in order to further
differentiate with our competitors. This product line ranges from a 0.02 connector to the 25,000 Vergence GasPT2 device all different products
for different customers. Additionally, we utilize third party external sales representative organizations to penetrate new and
better customers otherwise not readily available to the company. 

CUI is becoming more recognized in the power supply market
and has differentiated itself through technology with a foundation of legacy and product quality. As of December 31, 2012, our
internal and external power products and related component sales account for approximately 88 of our revenues. We have added
new products and technologies that will allow us to compete outside of price and more on innovative technology and strategic partnerships. 

11 

From the first full featured digital point-of-load dc-dc converter,
to the highly dense intermediate bus converters that CUI is releasing, we believe that we are ahead of the market leaders in our
market space and that the market is ready for new technologies and new ideas. We feel that there is a market shift to a digitally-based
controller for power supply switching. Our strategy is to be a complete transformation for the industry as it will become a major
part of the value sell to the end customer as well as a data collection point for energy consumption, two important elements for
the industry. 

Similarly, the Vergence natural gas inferential metering device,
the GasPT2, competes in a mature industry with established competitors. There are significant investments being made globally
into the natural gas extraction and transportation infrastructure. Our Vergence GasPT2 is a comparably low cost solution
to measuring natural gas quality as compared to our best competition. It can be connected to a natural gas system to
provide a fast, accurate, close to real time measurement of the physical properties, such as thermal conductivity, speed of sound
and carbon dioxide content. From these measurements it infers an effective gas mixture comprising four components: methane, propane, nitrogen
and measured carbon dioxide and then uses ISO6976 to calculate the gas quality characteristics of calorific value
(CV), Wobbe index (WI), relative density (RD) and compression factor (Z). This technology
has been certified for use in fiscal monitoring by Ofgem in the United Kingdom and SNAM RETE in Italy. At present, there is no
equivalent product competition. There are instruments like gas chromatographs, but they are slower and more complicated to use
and as much as double the price of the GasPT2. 

Dependence on Few Major Customers 

 During 2012, 59 of revenues were derived from
five customers at 47 , 4 , 3 , 3 , and 2 . During 2011, 55 of revenues were derived from six customers at 41 , 4 , 3 , 3 , 2 
and 2 . 

The Company s major product lines in 2012 and 2011 were
external power, internal power and industrial controls. 

At December 31, 2012, of the gross trade accounts receivable
from continuing operations totaling 5,095,926, 57 was due from six customers: 37 , 8 , 3 , 3 , 3 and 3 . At December 31, 2011,
of the gross trade accounts receivable from continuing operations totaling 3,819,641, 53 was due from eight customers: 21 ,
9 , 7 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 and 2 . 

Philanthropic Philosophy 

 In an industry first, CUI has chosen that, in addition to sales
commission, sales representative firms will also receive a charity commission to be donated to charities of their choice. One
of CUI s core values is generosity which includes philanthropic giving. We give in our local community and we want to also
give in the communities in which we do business. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide information
required by this item. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

12 

Item 2. Properties 

 As an integrated part of the
CUI asset acquisition, the CUI Global, Inc. corporate offices were relocated to the CUI location at 20050 SW 112th Avenue, Tualatin,
Oregon 97062. CUI and CUI Global occupy the 61,380 square feet of offices and warehouse premises under a ten year non-cancelable
lease agreement beginning September 1, 2006 with Barakel, LLC (a related party) at a base monthly rent subject to periodic base
payment increases plus real property taxes, utilities, insurance and common area maintenance charges. During the year ended December
31, 2012, the monthly base rent was 40,250 in accordance with the lease schedule. During the period January 1 through
August 31, 2011, the monthly base rent was 40,000 and increased in accordance with the lease schedule to 40,250 for the period
September 1 through December 31, 2011. Barakel, LLC is controlled by James McKenzie, majority
owner of CUI, Inc. prior to acquisition and majority owner of IED, Inc. along with Matt McKenzie, COO, Corporate Secretary and
Director of the Company. 

The Company also leased office space in Malmo, Sweden pursuant
to a renewable lease which terminated January 31, 2011. In addition to the base rent of (subject to periodic base lease payment
increases), the Company was responsible for property taxes, maintenance and related VAT taxes. During the year ended December
31, 2012 and 2011, the monthly base rent was approximately 0 and 1,386, respectively. 

Additionally, subsequent to the acquisition of CUI Japan and
Comex Electronics, the Company had leased spaces in Tokyo, Japan and owned a small manufacturing facility on leased land in Nagano,
Japan. The CUI Japan leased space in Tokyo, Japan expired January 31, 2012 and there was no rent expense for this space in 2012.
CUI Japan subleased space from Comex Electronics during 2012 on a month to month basis, with monthly base rent of approximately
 1,253. 

The discontinued operations of Comex Electronics had leased
space in Tokyo, Japan with expirations between May 7, 2011 and September 9, 2011. In conjunction with these leases, Comex Electronics
also leased parking spaces which leases expired December 31, 2010 and became a month to month agreement. Additionally, the discontinued
operations of Comex Electronics had a land lease in Nagano with an expiration of August 11, 2019. 

Rental expense was 552,655 and 592,573 in 2012 and 2011,
respectively, and is included in selling, general and administrative on the statement of operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

The Company and its subsidiaries are not a party in any legal
proceedings. No director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of
any class of voting securities of the Company or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate of the Company or security
holder is a party adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to the Company or any of
its subsidiaries. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

Note applicable. 

13 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Description of Securities 

 The Company s Common Stock is traded on The NASDAQ Stock
Market under the trading symbol CUI . The Company currently has authorized 325,000,000 common shares, par value 0.001
per share, and as of December 31, 2012, the Company s issued and outstanding shares consisted of 10,883,280 shares of common
stock of which 8,636,820 shares are freely tradable without restriction or limitation under the Securities Act. As of December
31, 2012, the Company had in excess of 3,000 shareholders of record. Effective September 17, 2012, the Board of Directors passed
a resolution eliminating and discontinuing all Series A and B Convertible Preferred and Series C Preferred stock and requiring
that all preferred stock shall be returned to the Company treasury. As of December 31, 2012, no shares of Series B and Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock are issued nor outstanding. 

The holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share
and do not have cumulative voting rights. Holders of the Company s Common Stock do not have any pre-emptive or other rights
to subscribe for or purchase additional shares of capital stock and no conversion rights, redemption or sinking-fund provisions. 

On August 23, 2011 the shareholders approved a reverse split
of the issued and outstanding shares of 0.001 par value common stock. The reverse split ratio was set at one for thirty (1:30)
that became effective February 17, 2012. The reverse split was an element necessary for up-listing the common stock on The NASDAQ
Stock Market that became effective February 17, 2012 under the trading symbol CUI . 

The reverse split did not affect any stockholder s proportionate
equity interest in the Company or the rights, preferences, privileges or priorities of any stockholder, other than an adjustment
due to fractional shares. The reverse split did not cause a significant change in the number of beneficial owners of our common
stock. Likewise, the reverse split did not affect the total stockholders equity in the Company or any components of stockholders 
equity as reflected on the financial statements of the Company except to change the number of issued and outstanding shares of
capital stock. 

The company filed a Form S-1 registration statement to register
2,222,222 shares of 0.001 par value common stock that became effective February 14, 2012. These shares of registered stock were
sold to or through Merriman Capital, Inc. as our underwriter for ten million dollars 10,000,000). Our underwriting agreement
contained an over-allotment provision that permitted our underwriter to purchase an additional 333,333 shares of our common stock
which were purchased by our underwriter for one million five hundred thousand dollars 1,500,000), less a 7.5 discount. 

14 

The following schedule shows the common stock issuances and
remaining balance after each issuance resulting from the one for thirty (1:30) reverse split that became effective February 17,
2012 and the Form S-1 registration statement that became effective February 14, 2012. 

Common Stock Issued and Outstanding 
 Total Issued and Outstanding 
 Common Stock Available for Issuance 
 
 Total common stock outstanding and available prior to the 1:30 reverse-split 
 219,432,472 
 219,432,472 
 105,567,528 
 
 Total common stock outstanding and available after the reverse-Split declared effective February 14, 2012 
 7,314,416 
 7,314,416 
 317,685,584 
 
 Total of all fractional shares that were rounded up as a result of the reverse-split 
 97 
 7,314,513 
 317,685,487 
 
 Common stock sold for 10,000,000 under our S-1 registration statement that the SEC declared effective February 14, 2012 
 2,222,222 
 9,536,735 
 315,463,265 
 
 Common stock sold for 1,499,999 under the over-allotment provision of our underwriter agreement that was included in our S-1 registration statement 
 333,333 
 9,870,068 
 315,129,932 

Use of Proceeds 

 We received 8,913,302 in net
proceeds from our sale of 2,222,222 common shares sold by us in the Form S-1 offering. Our net proceeds from this offering
represent the amount we received after paying the underwriter commissions of 750,000 and underwriting expenses of 200,000.
In conjunction with the Form S-1 Offering, we received 1,387,499 in net proceeds from our sale of 333,333 common shares sold
by us in the over-allotment offering. Our net proceeds from this offering represent the amount we received after paying the
underwriter discount of 112,500. Additionally, our total expenses related to this Form S-1 offering, including the
over-allotment offering were 136,698. 

We received 2,253,008 in net proceeds from our sale
of 570,000 common shares sold by us. These 570,000 shares of common stock were included in an S-3 Registration Statement that
the Company filed on April 13, 2012 that became effective upon filing. Net proceeds from this sale represent the amount
received by CUI Global after paying 312,017 expenses related to the sale. 

As part of our business strategy,
we pursue acquisitions of other businesses and technologies. We may use a portion of the proceeds to fund expansion of our current
business through acquisitions or investments in other strategic businesses, products or technologies. We have no firm commitments
or agreements with respect to any expansion or future acquisition opportunity at this time, although we assess opportunities on
an ongoing basis and from time to time have discussions with other companies about potential transactions. 

In February 2012, the company utilized 4.0 million to repay
the principal balance in full under the 4.0 million term note with the Business Credit division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance,
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Also in February 2012, the company paid 3.0 million to repay a portion of the principal balance of the
IED note payable associated with the acquisition of CUI, Inc. and 35,000 was utilized to repay a convertible note payable owed
to an officer of the company. Because of the number and variability of factors that will determine our use of the proceeds from
this offering, their ultimate use may vary substantially from their currently intended use. 

15 

We have broad discretion in the way
we use the net proceeds; however, we cannot predict with certainty all of the particular uses for the proceeds from these offerings
or the amounts that we will actually spend on the uses set forth above. We have used a portion the net proceeds to fund working
capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. The amounts and timing of our actual expenditures will depend
upon numerous factors, including the progress of our product development and commercialization efforts, whether or not we enter
into strategic collaborations or partnerships and our operating costs and expenditures. Our management has significant flexibility
in applying the net proceeds of these offerings. The costs and timing of product development and marketing approval, particularly
relating to electronic components, are highly uncertain, are subject to substantial risks and can often change. Accordingly, we
may change the allocation of use of these proceeds as a result of such contingencies and other development activities, the establishment
of collaborations, our manufacturing and distribution requirements and competitive developments. 

We have used a portion of the proceeds from these offerings
to create a public market for our common stock, allow us easier and quicker access to the public markets should we need more capital
in the future, increase the profile and prestige of our company with existing and possible future registered users, vendors and
strategic partners and make our stock more valuable and attractive to our employees and potential employees for compensation purposes. 

Based on our current operating plan, we anticipate that the
net proceeds of these offerings, together with our existing cash, cash equivalents and borrowing capacity under our revolving
working capital line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association will be sufficient to enable us to maintain our currently
planned operations. 

Pending the uses as described above,
we plan to invest a portion of the net proceeds in a variety of capital preservation investments, including short- and intermediate-term
interest-bearing obligations, investment-grade instruments, certificates of deposit or guaranteed obligations of the United States
government. 

Market Value 

 The Company s Common Stock is traded on the NASDAQ Stock
Market under the trading symbol CUI . The following table sets forth, the high and low bid prices of our Common Stock
for the four quarters of 2011 and 2012 as reported by the National Quotation Bureau and reflect inter-dealer prices without retail
mark-up, markdown or commission and may not represent actual transactions. The 2011 prices have been adjusted to account for the
one for thirty (1:30) reverse split that became effective February 17, 2012. 

Year 
 Quarter 
 High Bid 
 Low Bid 
 
 2011 
 First Quarter 
 8.70 
 5.40 

Second Quarter 
 7.20 
 3.90 

Third Quarter 
 6.00 
 2.70 

Fourth Quarter 
 6.60 
 3.00 
 
 2012 
 First Quarter 
 6.50 
 4.60 

Second Quarter 
 6.80 
 3.81 

Third Quarter 
 7.48 
 5.06 

Fourth Quarter 
 6.40 
 4.34 

Dividend Policy 

 The Company has never
paid cash dividends on its Common Stock and the Company does not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

16 

We currently expect to retain future earnings to finance the
growth and development of our business. The timing, amount and form of future dividends, if any, will depend, among other things,
on our future results of operations and cash flows; our general financial condition and future prospects; our capital requirements
and surplus; contractual restrictions; the amount of distributions, if any, received by us from our subsidiaries; and other factors
deemed relevant by our board of directors. Any future dividends on our common shares would be declared by and subject to the discretion
of our board of directors. 

Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuances 

 Set forth below is a summary of the outstanding securities,
transactions and agreements, which relate to 682,141 shares of common stock the Company is required to reserve for potential future
issuances. 

1. 682,141 common shares reserved for outstanding
 options issued under our Equity Compensation Plans 

 As of December 31, 2012, there were reserved for
issuance an aggregate of 682,141 shares of common stock for options outstanding under the Company s 2008 Equity Incentive
Plan and the Company s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive). 

2. 1,979,083 common shares authorized for issuance
 under our Equity Compensation Plans 

 As of December 31, 2012, the Company has 1,979,083
common shares authorized and available for issuance under the Company option plans. 

The approximate 2,246,460 shares of Common Stock held by existing
shareholders as of December 31, 2012 that are restricted within the meaning of Rule 144 adopted under the Securities
Act (the Restricted Shares ), may not be sold unless they are registered under the Securities Act or sold pursuant
to an exemption from registration, such as the exemption provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. The Restricted
Shares were issued and sold by us in private transactions in reliance upon exemptions from registration under the Securities Act
and may only be sold in accordance with the provisions of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, unless otherwise registered under the
Securities Act. 

Other than as described herein, as of the date of this filing,
there are currently no plans, arrangements, commitments or understandings for the issuance of additional shares of Common Stock. 

17 

Employee Equity Incentive Plans 

 At December 31, 2012, the Company had outstanding the following
equity compensation plan information: 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuances under equity compensation plans (excluding securities 
reflected in column (a) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 49,917 
 5.47 
 1,329,833 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 632,224 
 6.54 
 649,250 
 
 Total 
 682,141 
 6.46 
 1,979,083 

Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Shareholders 

 On May 16, 2008 the Company s Board of Directors adopted
the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan and authorized 1,500,000 shares of Common Stock to fund the Plan. At the 2008 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders the Equity Incentive Plan was approved by the Company shareholders. At the 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders the
shareholders approved an amendment to the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan to increase the number of common shares issuable under the
plan from 1,500,000 to 3,000,000. All of these shares have been registered under Form S-8. 

The 2008 Equity Incentive Plan is intended to: (a) provide
incentive to employees of the Company and its affiliates to stimulate their efforts toward the continued success of the Company
and to operate and manage the business in a manner that will provide for the long-term growth and profitability of the Company;
(b) encourage stock ownership by employees, directors and independent contractors by providing them with a means to acquire a
proprietary interest in the Company by acquiring shares of Stock or to receive compensation which is based upon appreciation in
the value of Stock; and (c) provide a means of obtaining and rewarding employees, directors, independent contractors and advisors. 

The 2008 Equity Incentive Plan provides for the issuance of
incentive stock options (ISOs) and Non Statutory Options (NSOs) to employees, directors and independent contractors of the Company.
The Board shall determine the exercise price per share in the case of an ISO at the time an option is granted and such price shall
be not less than the fair market value or 110 of fair market value in the case of a ten percent or greater stockholder. In the
case of an NSO, the exercise price shall not be less than the fair market value of one share of stock on the date the option is
granted. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, ISOs and NSOs granted under the both plans have a maximum duration of 10 years. 

Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Shareholders 

 In January 2009 the Company Board of Directors received and
approved a written report and recommendations of the Compensation Committee which included a detailed executive equity compensation
report and market analysis and the recommendations of Compensia, Inc., a management consulting firm that provides executive compensation
advisory services to compensation committees and senior management of knowledge-based companies. The Compensation Committee used
the report and analysis as a basis for its formal written recommendation to the board. Pursuant to a board resolution the 2009
Equity Incentive Plan (Executive), a Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, was created and funded with 4,200,000 shares of 0.001 par
value common stock. The Compensation Committee was appointed as the Plan Administrator to manage the plan. 

18 

October 11, 2010, the Board of Directors
authorized an additional 3,060,382 options under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive). All granted options are presented
at post-reverse quantities. On October 11, 2010, the following were granted: 3,300 to each director of the Company with an exercise
price of 9.00 per share and vesting one year after the October 11, 2010 date of grant. Two employees who also serve as directors
received 52,277 bonus options as employees and 29,936 stock options were granted to corporate officers and employees. The employee
bonus options have an exercise price of 9.00 per share and vest over four years, 25 at year
one and thereafter in equal monthly installments . 

The 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive) provides for the
issuance of stock options to attract, retain and motivate executive and management employees and directors and to encourage these
individuals to acquire an equity interest in the Company, to make monetary payments to certain management employees and directors
based upon the value of the Company s stock and to provide these individuals with an incentive to maximize the success of
the Company and further the interest of the shareholders. The 2009 Plan provides for the issuance of Incentive Non Statutory Options.
The Administrator of the plan is authorized to determine the exercise price per share at the time the option is granted, but the
exercise price shall not be less than the fair market value on the date the option is granted. Stock options granted under the
2009 Plan have a maximum duration of 10 years. 

The Company has outstanding at December 31, 2012, the following
options issued under equity compensation plans not approved by security holders: 

During 2009,
 the Company issued
 under the 2009 Equity
 Incentive Plan (Executive)
 to officers and directors
 options to purchase
 restricted common
 stock at 7.50 per
 share as follows:
 85,009 fully vested
 shares; 28,800 shares
 that vest over four
 years, 25 at year
 one and thereafter
 in equal monthly
 installments; and
 19,800 shares that
 fully vested one
 year after the date
 of grant. 

During 2010 the
 Company issued under
 the 2009 Equity Incentive
 Plan (Executive)
 to officers and directors
 options to purchase
 restricted common
 stock at 9.00 per
 share as follows:
 19,800 options that
 vest one year after
 the October 11, 2010
 grant date and 82,213
 options that vest
 over four years,
 25 at one year after
 the grant date, thereafter
 in equal monthly
 installments. 

During 2012 the
 Company issued under
 the 2009 Equity Incentive
 Plan (Executive)
 to officers and directors
 options to purchase
 restricted common
 stock at 4.56 per
 share as follows:
 19,800 options that
 vest one year after
 the April 16, 2012
 grant date, 64,875
 options that vest
 over four years,
 25 at one year after
 the grant date, thereafter
 in equal monthly
 installments and
 330,000 options at
 6.00 per share to
 an officer that vest
 in equal monthly
 installments over
 the course of forty-eight
 consecutive months
 beginning September
 2012. 

The description of the Company s capital stock does not
purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified by its Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, amendments thereto and by the
provisions of applicable Colorado law. The Company s transfer agent is Computershare Trust Company, Inc., 350 Indiana Street,
Suite 800, Golden, Colorado 80401. 

19 

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 

Following is a list of all securities we sold within the past
three years which were not registered under the Securities Act. The Company relied on Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
as the basis for an exemption from registration for the following issuances. 

2010 Sales of Unregistered Securities 

 Common Stock Issued During 2010 

 471,136 shares of common stock were issued to two
investors who converted their promissory notes totaling 1,250,000 and related accrued interest of 242,560 to common equity at
 3.168 per share. 

33,333 shares of common stock were issued as part
of the settlement of the 4,900,000 convertible promissory note and 850,500 in accrued interest on this note related to the acquisition
of CUI, Inc. The shares were valued at 70,000 in accordance with the convertible promissory note stated conversion rate of 2.10
per share. Two corporate officers, one of whom is also a director are principals in the corporate note holder and each received
shares from this transaction. 

631,314 shares of common stock were issued to four
standby letter of credit guarantors who converted 2,000,000 of their letters of credit to common equity at 3.168 per share.
Two directors, one former corporate officer and a shareholder with more than 5 beneficial ownership in the Company participated
in this transaction. 

33,333 shares of common stock were issued to three
investors who exercised warrants at 0.30 per share. The company received proceeds of 10,000. One director, one former director
and one former corporate officer participated in this transaction. These warrants were granted to the Standby Letter of Credit
guarantors as a bonus inducement to participate in the Letter of Credit guarantee that was used to secure the term loan necessary
for the acquisition of CUI, Inc. 

1,786 shares of common stock were issued to an investor
in consideration for a warrant exercise at 6.00 per share. The company received proceeds of 10,718. 

22,222 shares of common stock were issued to a limited
liability company investor that converted 100,000 of its promissory note to common equity at 4.50 per share in accordance with
the convertible note terms. A former officer of CUI Global is a principal in the limited liability company. 

7,000 shares of common stock were issued for services
performed by a consultant. 42,000 of consulting expense was recorded in relation to this transaction based on the fair market
value of the stock on the date of grant. 

1,810 shares of common stock were issued in relation
to the exercise of 2008 Equity Incentive Plan options at 5.70 per share with proceeds of 9,500. The company received no cash
payment for 144 of these shares because the options were exercised through a cashless exercise election. 

3,333 shares of common stock were issued to an employee
as a bonus. These shares were valued at 28,000 as of the date of issuance. 

20 

236,667 shares of common stock were sold at 6.00
per share pursuant to stock purchase agreements with proceeds of 1,420,000. 1,667 of these shares were issuable at December 31,
2010; the 1,667 issuable shares were issued in 2011. One director and a former corporate officer participated in this transaction. 

33,333 shares of common stock were issued as settlement
of 200,000 of principal on a promissory note related to the acquisition of CUI, Inc. The conversion rate was 6.00 per share.
Two corporate officers, one of whom is also a director are principals in the corporate note holder and each received shares from
this transaction. 

Warrants and Options Issued During 2010 

 Fully vested options for the purchase of 9,167 shares
of its 2008 Equity Incentive Plan common stock at 5.70 per share to nine employees with an expiration of June 15, 2020. If all
options are exercised the Company could receive 52,250. 

Under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive) 19,800
options that vest October 11, 2011 were issued to directors to purchase restricted common stock at 9.00 per share and 82,213
options were issued to officers and employees that vest over four years, 25 at year one and thereafter in equal monthly installments.
The employees include two directors who are also employees and officers and one officer. The options expire October 11, 2020. 

Series A and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Issued
During 2010 

 There were no shares of Series A or Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock issued during 2010. 

Series C Preferred Stock Issued During 2010 

 There were no shares of Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock issued during 2010. 

2011 Sales of Unregistered Securities 

 Common Stock Issued During 2011 

 On January 6, 2011, the 1,667 issuable shares listed
on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2010 were issued. 

On February 7 and 10, 2011, two former employees
completed cashless exercises of their options for which 269 shares of common stock were issued. The Company did not receive funds
from these options exercises as they were cashless. 

On March 11, 2011, 5,957 shares of common stock
were issued pursuant to a consultant agreement for strategic investor marketing services. The shares were priced at 7.05 per
share based on the ten day trailing average closing price at the time of the issuance in accordance with the agreement and a 42,000
consulting expense was recorded in relation to this transaction. 

On April 19, 2011, a member of the Board of Directors
exercised 23,333 warrants which he previously received in exchange for a personal guarantee of a bank note provided on behalf
of the Company in May 2008. The Company received 7,000 from the exercise of these warrants. 

21 

On May 4, 2011, a beneficial owner of more than
5 of the outstanding common stock, exercised 10,000 warrants which he previously received in exchange for a personal guarantee
of a bank note provided on behalf of the Company in May 2008. The Company received 3,000 from the exercise of these warrants. 

On May 15, 2011, a beneficial owner of more than
10 of the outstanding common stock, exercised 133,333 warrants which he previously received in exchange for a personal guarantee
of a bank note provided on behalf of the Company in May 2008. The Company received 40,000 from the exercise of these warrants. 

On December 27, 2011, 5,000 shares of common stock
were issued to a former consultant in consideration for the release of a claim on intellectual property with a related expense
of 19,500 recorded. 

Warrants and Options Issued During 2011 

 There were no warrants or options issued
during 2011. 

Series A and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Issued
During 2011 

 There were no shares of Series A or Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock issued during 2011. 

Series C Preferred Stock Issued During 2011 

 There were no shares of Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock issued during 2011. 

2012 Sales of Unregistered Securities 

 Common Stock Issued During 2012 

 Effective February 17, 2012, the issued and outstanding
shares of the Company s 0.001 par value common stock were reverse split at a ratio of one for thirty (1:30). All fractional
shares resulting from the reverse split were rounded up to the next full numbers. As a result of the rounding up effect, 97 additional
shares of common stock were issued that are included in the S-1 registration statement. The company received no monetary consideration
for these 97 shares. 

March 16, 2012, 10,071 shares of
common stock were issued in relation to a warrant exercise. The company received 3,021 from this transaction. 

March 20, 2012, 15,000
shares of common stock were issued in consideration for strategic investor marketing services rendered for the benefit of the
company. A 69,450 consulting expense was recorded in relation to this transaction based on the fair market value of the stock
on the date of grant. 

Between April 4-12, 2012, 57,000 shares of common
stock were issued in relation to common stock bonuses granted to officers and employees. 50,750 of these common shares were issued
to three officers with a fair value of 243,600 in accordance with their employment agreement bonus provisions. Two employees
were awarded a total of 6,250 common shares with a fair value total of 30,000. 

22 

On April 12, 2012, a holder of 2,500 shares of convertible
Series A preferred stock completed the conversion of those shares into common shares. At the same time, the holder also converted
an accrued preferred stock dividend of 250 into common shares. For these conversions, the holder received 458 common shares based
upon the conversion features of the convertible Series A preferred stock and accrued preferred stock dividends. 

On May 4, 2012, a holder of 45,000 shares of convertible
Series A preferred stock completed the conversion of those shares into common shares. At the same time, the holder also converted
an accrued preferred stock dividend of 4,500 into common shares. For these conversions, the holder received 8,645 common shares
based upon the conversion features of the convertible Series A preferred stock and accrued preferred stock dividends. 

On May 30, 2012, a holder of 3,043 shares of convertible
Series A preferred stock completed the conversion of those shares into common shares. At the same time, the holder also converted
an accrued preferred stock dividend of 304 into common shares. For these conversions, the holder received 558 common shares based
upon the conversion features of the convertible Series A preferred stock and accrued preferred stock dividends. 

On June 21, 2012, 1,000 shares of common stock were
issued to a consultant in consideration for strategic investor marketing services rendered for the benefit of the company and
a 6,450 consulting expense was recorded in relation to these issuances based on the fair market value of the stock on the date
of the grant. 

On June 28 and 29, July 2, 3, 16 and 27, 2012, 234,332
shares of common stock were sold to investors at 4.50 per share pursuant to stock purchase agreements with proceeds of 1,054,500
before related costs from this transaction of 79,045 which were recorded as reductions of additional paid in capital. 

On September 7, 2012, 1,052 shares of common stock
were issued as a royalty to James McKenzie, majority owner of CUI, Inc. prior to the May 2008 asset acquisition by CUI Global.
The shares were valued at 6,638. 

On September 27, 2012, 4,596 shares of common stock
were issued to an employee as a bonus. These shares were expensed at a fair value of 25,000 as of the date of issuance. 

On each of April 5, May 7, June 6, July 2, August
1, September 7, October 1 and November 1, 2012, the company issued 13,500 shares of common stock to a consultant in consideration
for strategic investor marketing services rendered for the benefit of the company. A 569,970 consulting expense was recorded
in relation to these issuances based on the fair market value of the stock on the dates of the grants. 

On October 16, 2012, 2,500 shares of common stock
were issued to a consultant in consideration for strategic investor marketing services rendered for the benefit of the company
and a 12,825 consulting expense was recorded in relation to these issuances based on the fair market value of the stock on the
date of the grant. 

Warrants and Options Issued During 2012 

 During April 2012, 84,675 options to purchase restricted
common stock were issued to officers and directors under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive) with the following assumptions:
exercise price of 4.56 per share, volatility of 90 , risk free interest rate of 0.27 and a term of 2 years. The 19,800 director
related options vest one year from the date of grant while the 64,875 officer options have a four year vesting period with 25 
vesting one year from date of grant and monthly thereafter. 

23 

During May 2012, 11,167 fully vested options were
granted to employees under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan to purchase common stock with the following assumptions: exercise price
of 4.58 per share, volatility of 91 , risk-free interest rate of 0.27 and a term of 2 years. 

During September 2012, 330,000 options to purchase
common stock were issued to an officer under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive) with the following assumptions: exercise
price of 6.00 per share, volatility of 84 , risk-free interest rate of 0.27 and a term of 2 years. The 330,000 options vest
in equal monthly installments over the course of forty-eight consecutive months beginning September 2012. 

Series A and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Issued
During 2012 

 There were no shares of Series A or Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock issued during 2012. 

Series C Preferred Stock Issued During 2012 

 There were no shares of Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock issued during 2012. 

Note: Effective September 17, 2012, the Board of Directors
passed a resolution eliminating and discontinuing all Series A and B Convertible Preferred and Series C Preferred stock and requiring
that all preferred stock shall be returned to the Company treasury. As of December 31, 2012, no shares of Series B and Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock are issued nor outstanding. 

Shares Eligible for Future Sale 

 As of December 31, 2012, we had outstanding 10,883,280 shares
of Common Stock. Of these shares, 8,636,820 shares are freely tradable without restriction or limitation under the Securities
Act. 

The 2,246,460 shares of Common Stock held by existing shareholders
as of December 31, 2012 that are restricted within the meaning of Rule 144 adopted under the Securities Act (the Restricted
Shares ), may not be sold unless they are registered under the Securities Act or sold pursuant to an exemption from registration,
such as the exemption provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. The Restricted Shares were issued and sold by
us in private transactions in reliance upon exemptions from registration under the Securities Act. 

Effective September 17, 2012, the Board of Directors passed
a resolution eliminating and discontinuing all Series A and B Convertible Preferred and Series C Preferred stock and requiring
that all preferred stock shall be returned to the Company treasury. As of December 31, 2012, no shares of Series B and Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock are issued nor outstanding. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Not applicable due to status as a small reporting company. 

24 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

Important Note about Forward-Looking Statements 

 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements as of December 31, 2012 and un-audited 10-Q filings for the first three quarters of 2012
and the notes thereto, all of which are included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. In addition to historical information,
the following discussion and other parts of this Form 10-K contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. Our
actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by such forward-looking information due to factors discussed elsewhere
in this Form 10-K. 

The statements that are not historical constitute forward-looking
statements . Said forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual results,
performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements, express
or implied by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of such
terms and phrases as expects , intends , goals , estimates , projects ,
 plans , anticipates , should , future , believes , and scheduled . 

The variables which may cause differences include, but are
not limited to, the following: general economic and business conditions; competition; success of operating initiatives; operating
costs; advertising and promotional efforts; the existence or absence of adverse publicity; changes in business strategy or development
plans; the ability to retain management; availability, terms and deployment of capital; business abilities and judgment of personnel;
availability of qualified personnel; labor and employment benefit costs; availability and costs of raw materials and supplies;
and changes in, or failure to comply with various government regulations. Although the Company believes that the assumptions
underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate; therefore,
there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K will prove to be accurate. 

In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking
statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any
person that the objectives and expectations of the Company will be achieved. 

Losses from Operations and Accumulated Deficit 

 Historically, the Company has not generated sufficient revenues
from operations to self-fund its capital and operating requirements. Following the equity raises closed in 2012 and subsequent
reductions of debt coupled with the continued improvement in the Company s operations, management believes the company has
sufficient resources and that it is generating significant revenues that it expects will provide the Company with the ability
to self-fund its capital and operating requirements. If that is not possible, the Company will seek additional working capital
from funding that will primarily include equity and debt placements. 

Overview 

 CUI Global, Inc. is dedicated to maximizing shareholder value
through the acquisition, development and commercialization of innovative companies and technologies. From its GasPT2
platform targeting the energy sector, to its subsidiary CUI, Inc.'s industry leading digital power platform targeting the networking
and telecom industries, CUI Global has built a diversified portfolio of industry leading technologies that touch many markets. 

25 

In May 2008, CUI Global formed a wholly owned subsidiary that
acquired the assets of CUI, Inc., a technology company dedicated to the development, commercialization and distribution of new,
innovative electro-mechanical products. Over the past 20 years, CUI has become a recognized name in electronic components worldwide
in the areas of power, interconnect, motion control, and sound. In that time, the company has been able to leverage
many long-standing relationships in Asia to create a flexible, responsive business model that ultimately benefits CUI customers. Today,
its industry leading technology platforms which include Novum Advanced Power, Solus Power Topology and AMT Capacitive Encoders
are quickly positioning CUI, Inc. as a global leader in the fields of power electronics and motion control. Through
the acquisition of CUI, Inc. the Company obtained 352,589 common shares representing an 11.54 interest in Test Products International,
Inc., a provider of handheld test and measurement equipment. 

In July 2009, CUI Global acquired, as a wholly owned subsidiary,
Comex Instruments, Ltd., now known as CUI Japan and 49 of Comex Electronics Ltd. Both companies are Japanese based providers
of electronic components. Effective July 1, 2011, CUI Global entered into an agreement to convey its 49 ownership interest in
Comex Electronics to the owners of the remaining 51 who are the original founders and were the original owners of Comex Instruments,
for 617,975 in the form of a five year note receivable bearing interest at 4 per annum. As of December 31, 2012 the Comex Electronics
note receivable is current in accordance with the agreed terms. The operations of CUI Japan are not affected by this divestment.
As such, the operations of Comex Electronics are reported as discontinued operations for the current and comparable periods. CUI
Global will continue to maintain its 100 ownership of CUI Japan. 

For the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company
has identified a single operating segment based on the activities of the company in accordance with the ASC 280-10-50-1 for which
the operating results are regularly reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision makers. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that have a significant impact on the results the Company will report in the Company's financial statements. Some of
the Company's accounting policies require the Company to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need
to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. 

Long-Lived Assets 

 Long-lived assets and certain identifiable assets related to those assets are periodically reviewed for
impairment whenever circumstances and situations change such that there is an indication that the carrying amounts may not
be recoverable. In performing the review for recoverability, the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the
asset and its eventual disposition are estimated. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest
charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized as the excess of the carrying amount
over the fair value. Otherwise, an impairment loss is not recognized. Management estimates the fair value and the estimated
future cash flows expected. Any changes in these estimates could impact whether there was impairment and the amount of the
impairment. There were 278,428 and 0 of impairment expenses recorded by the Company in 2012 and 2011. 

26 

Stock-Based Compensation 

 The Company accounts for stock based compensation using FASB Accounting Standards Codification No.
718 FASB ASC 718 ), Compensation Stock Compensation . FASB Codification No. 718 requires
the fair value of all stock-based employee compensation awarded to employees to be recorded as an expense over the related
vesting period. The statement also requires the recognition of compensation expense for the fair value of any unvested stock
option awards outstanding at the date of adoption. Employee stock compensation is recorded at fair value using the Black Scholes
Pricing Model. The underlying assumptions used in the Black Scholes Pricing Model by the Company are taken from publicly available
sources including, volatility is calculated using historic stock price information from online finance websites such as Google
Finance and Yahoo Finance, the stock price on the date of grant is obtained from online finance websites such as those previously
noted, appropriate discount rates are obtained from the United States Federal Reserve economic research and data website and
other inputs are determined based on previous experience and related estimates. See Note 13 STOCK-BASED EMPLOYEE COMPENSATION
for additional disclosure and discussion of the employee stock plan and activity. 

Common stock, stock options and common stock
warrants issued to other than employees or directors are recorded on the basis of their fair value, as required by FASB ASC
505, which is measured as of the date required by FASB ASC 505, Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees .
In accordance with FASB ASC 505, the stock options or common stock warrants are valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model on the basis of the market price of the underlying common stock on the valuation date, which for options
and warrants related to contracts that have substantial disincentives to non-performance is the date of the contract, and
for all other contracts is the vesting date. Expense related to the options and warrants is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the shorter of the period over which services are to be received or the vesting period. Where expense must be recognized
prior to a valuation date, the expense is computed under the Black-Scholes option pricing model on the basis of the market
price of the underlying common stock at the end of the period, and any subsequent changes in the market price of the underlying
common stock up through the valuation date is reflected in the expense recorded in the subsequent period in which that change
occurs. 

Revenue Recognition 

 The recognition of the Company s revenues requires judgment,
including whether a sale includes multiple elements and, if so, whether vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE) of fair value
exists for those elements. Customers may receive certain elements of our products over a period of time. These elements
could include licensing rights to manufacture and sell our proprietary patent protected products. The ability to identify
VSOE for those elements and the fair value of the respective elements could materially impact the amount of earned and unearned
revenue. The Company does not have any history as to the costs expected to be incurred in granting licensing rights
relating to its products. Therefore, revenues may be recorded that are not in proportion to the costs expected to be
incurred in performing these services. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

General 

 The Company s cash and cash equivalents balance at December
31, 2012 are 3,039,840. During the year ended December
31, 2012, operations and investment activities have been funded through cash from operations, proceeds from sales
of equity and warrant exercises, and borrowings from financial institutions. 

Cash from operations 

 Operating activities generated
negative cash flow of 1,803,659 during the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared with positive cash flow of
 860,705 during the prior year ended. This decrease is primarily the result of a larger net loss attributable
to CUI Global, Inc. in 2012 of 2,526,321 which included increased sales related travel for CUI, Inc. to manage third party
sales representatives, reach new customers, maintain existing customers, and promote new product lines including Novum and
Solus, professional fees expenses related to engineering support, testing fees and travel expenses related to the Vergence
GasPT2 product as the Company increased the Vergence GasPT2 exposure to customers in North America, parts of Europe and
elsewhere, increased expenses associated with being a public company such as filing services and fees, professional fees, and
listing fees among others, increased advertising costs for company products, increased commissions to third party
sales representatives related to the increase in sales, increased expenses associated with the growth in operations at CUI
Japan, operating costs associated with the newer technologies Novum and Solus and the overall growth of the business in
relation to revenues. Additional factors that impacted the cash from operations include increases in trade accounts
receivable, inventory, accounts payable and unearned revenue of 1,337,048, 1,290,794, 382,852, and 300,786, respectively,
and decreases in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 280,917. The increase
in trade accounts receivable is largely attributed to the increased revenues in the fourth quarter of 2012, 11,890,762, as
compared to 9,744,499 during the same period in 2011. The
increase in inventory is primarily related to the inventory on hand associated with the increased back log of customer
orders at December 31, 2012 of 14,149,352 as compared with 9,244,748 at December 31, 2011 and increased inventory of GasPT2
units on hand at year end to prevent potential shortages in 2013 associated with manufacturing and calibration
lead times. The increase in accounts payable is
associated with the increase in inventory levels and
fourth quarter activity during 2012 as well as timing in relation to payment terms with vendors. The increase in unearned
revenue is related to an increase in the accrual for potential returns from customers and deposits received from customers
for orders that have not been fulfilled as of December 31, 2012. The decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets
is primarily related to decreases in prepayments
for inventory purchases as compared to the prior year, which will vary based on the products purchased and the
vendors utilized. 

27 

During 2012 and 2011, the Company used stock and warrants as
a form of payment to certain vendors, consultants and employees. For 2012 and 2011, respectively, the Company recorded
a total of 1,190,081 and 227,867 for compensation and services expense including amortization of deferred compensation related
to equity given, or to be given, to employees and
consultants for services provided. The large increase in 2012 is attributable to increased stock compensation issued for
stock issued to consultants for strategic investor marketing services, employee stock compensation and options expenses. 

During 2012, CUI Global recorded two significant non-cash entries
- 73,333 of non-cash interest expense, including amortization of debt offering costs and 278,428 for the impairment of intangible,
trademark and trade name V-Infinity. The intangible, trademark and trade name V-Infinity was determined to have a finite life
and an impaired value during 2012. As a result of this evaluation and the impairment, management determined
the trademark and trade name V-Infinity no longer has an indefinite life, and will instead be amortized over the estimated
remaining useful life of 5 years. During 2011, the Company recorded one significant non-cash entry - 334,747 of non-cash interest
expense, including amortization of debt offering costs. The decrease in the non-cash interest expense, including amortization
of debt offering costs is the result of the completion in mid year 2011 of the amortization of the beneficial interest associated
with debts from the CUI, Inc. acquisition offset by an increase in the amortization of debt issuance costs associated with the
Wells Fargo debts. 

During 2012 the Company had no cash flows from discontinued
operating activities where as in 2011, the Company had positive cash flow from discontinued operations of 22,141. 

As the Company continues to focus on technology development
and product line additions during 2013, it will continue to fund research and development together with related sales and marketing
efforts for its technology platforms including the Vergence GasPT2, Novum Advanced Power, Solus Power Topology, AMT Capacitive
Encoders and its other electromechanical products. 

Capital Expenditures and Investments 

 During the years ended 2012 and 2011, the Company invested
 685,269 and 422,970, respectively, in fixed assets. Among the larger investments
in fixed assets were additions to equipment and software for engineering and research and development, tooling for manufacturing,
and regular computer equipment and software upgrades for office personnel. The Company
anticipates further investment in fixed assets during 2013 in support of its on-going business and continued development of product
lines and technologies. 

The Company invested 0 and 6,646, respectively, in patent
costs during 2012 and 2011. The Company expects its investment in patent costs will continue throughout 2013 as it
invests in patents to protect the rights to use its product and technology developments. 

28 

The Company invested 80,343 and 37,418, respectively in other
intangible assets during 2012 and 2011. The 2012 investments were related to the new CUI, Inc. website. The
2011 investments were related to the new CUI Global and CUI Japan websites. The Company s websites are utilized to communicate
with our investors, customers, vendors and other stakeholders. The Company expects its
investment in other intangible assets may continue throughout 2013. 

During 2012 and 2011, CUI Global had proceeds from notes receivable
of 46,808 and 63,506, respectively. 

Also during 2012 and 2011, the Company received proceeds of
 0 and 425,000, respectively, from the sale of technology rights. The 2011 proceeds of 425,000 were in relation to the sale
of our WayCool and WayFast patent portfolio to Olantra Fund X LLC. 

There were no cash flows in 2012 associated with discontinued
investing activities. For the year ended December 31, 2011, there was 195,278 provided by discontinued investing activities. 

Financing activities 

 See, above, the section entitled Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities for a complete listing of all securities transactions. 

During 2012, the Company received proceeds of 13,532,285 from
the sales of common stock, net of offering costs and the exercise of warrants, 1,069,452 of payments were made against
the demand notes payable, 4,000,000 of payments were made against the term note with the Business Credit division of Wells Fargo
Capital Finance, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., 3,000,000 was paid against the principal balance of the IED related party note payable
associated with the acquisition of CUI Inc., and 35,000 was utilized to repay a related party convertible note payable owed to
an officer of the Company. 

Included in these equity financing transactions were the following
items, discussed in greater detail at Note 8 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

During February 2012, the issued and outstanding
shares of the Company s 0.001 par value common stock were reverse split at a ratio of one for thirty (1:30) as a part of
our plan to up-list our common stock on to the NASDAQ Stock Market. 

During February 2012 our Form S-1 registration statement
became effective that allowed us to sell 2,222,222 shares of common stock to our underwriter. We received 8,913,302 in net proceeds
from this sale after related costs for this transaction. 

Our Form S-1 registration statement included 333,333
shares of common stock that were sold in March 2012 to our underwriter pursuant to the over-allotment provision of our underwriting
contract. We received 1,387,499 in net proceeds from this sale after related costs for this transaction. 

Also in March 2012, pursuant to stock purchase agreement,
we sold to seven investors a total of 570,000 shares of common stock at 4.50 per share. We received 2,253,008 in net proceeds
from this sale after related costs for this transaction. 

29 

During March 2012, a beneficial owner
of approximately 8 exercised 10,071 warrants he previously received in relation to a note provided to the Company which has since
been paid in full. The company received 3,021 from this transaction. 

During June and July 2012, we sold 234,332 shares
of common stock to nine investors at 4.50 per share pursuant to stock purchase agreements with net proceeds of 975,455 after
related costs for this transaction. 

During 2011, 50,000 of proceeds were received from the exercise
of warrants and options. 

In February 2011, two former employees exercised options for
269 shares of common stock. 

In April 2011, a director exercised a warrant for 23,333 shares
of common stock. 

In May 2011, an owner of 10 of the voting rights attached
to outstanding shares exercised a warrant for 133,333 shares of common stock. Also in May 2011, an investor exercised a warrant
for 10,000 shares of common stock. 

CUI Global may raise additional capital needed to fund the
further development and marketing of its products as well as payment of its debt obligations. 

Financing activities related party activity 

 During 2012, a short term convertible loan from July 2011 of
 35,000, with interest accrued at 6 per annum, convertible at 5.10 per common share was repaid to a CUI Global officer. There
was no beneficial conversion on the convertible note as the conversion price was equal to the fair value on the date of grant. 

Pursuant to a September 1, 2010 agreement with the holder of
the 14,000,000 promissory note, IED, Inc., the Company paid 492,508 of the principal balance during the first quarter of 2011.
The revised terms set the interest rate at 6 per annum with monthly interest payments and a May 15, 2018 balloon payment. Please
see Note 9. Related Party Transactions and Note 5. Notes Payable, for further discussion of this transaction. During 2012 and 2011, 3,468,221 and 1,110,809, respectively, in principal
and interest payments were made in relation to the promissory notes issued to related party, IED, Inc. The 2012 payment utilized
 3,000,000 from the equity sale proceeds for the repayment of principal. The 2011 payment included a note receivable balance of
 192,508 held by CUI Global that was conveyed to IED, Inc. and applied towards the promissory note balance in accordance with
a settlement agreement. 

Recap of liquidity and capital resources 

 During 2012, the Company continued to improve
its financial strength with the equity raise in early 2012, the significant reductions in debt coupled with the continued
growth of revenues. As a result of the financing activities completed in 2012, management believes the Company has
sufficient resources and is generating sufficient revenues to fund operations. As of December 31, 2012 the Company
had an accumulated deficit of 76,171,822. As of December 31, 2012, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 3,039,840 and an
unused availability under the asset based line of credit of 3,119,857 (available borrowing capacity of 3,579,305 less
outstanding borrowings of 459,448). 

The Company may seek to raise additional capital for the continued
development and commercialization of its various technology product lines. The Company believes its operations and
existing financing structure will provide sufficient cash to meet its short term working capital requirements for the next twelve
months. As the Company continues to expand and develop its technology and product lines as well as retire debt, additional
funding sources may be required. The Company may attempt to raise these funds through borrowing instruments or issuing
additional equity. 

30 

As of December 31, 2012 CUI, Inc. maintained a revolving working
capital line of credit with the Business Credit division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, part of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association
(NYSE: WFC), granting borrowings of up to 4,000,000 with interest payable monthly at the Daily Three Month LIBOR plus 3.25 
(3.56 at December 31, 2012). At December 31, 2012, there is an outstanding balance of 459,448 on this line of credit. 

The Company expects revenues to help cover the operating and
other expenses. If revenues and cash on hand are not sufficient to cover all operating and other expenses, additional
funding may be required. There is no assurance the Company will be able to raise such additional capital. The
failure to raise additional capital or generate product sales in the expected time frame will have a material adverse effect on
the Company. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 As of December 31, 2012 the Company had no off-balance sheet
arrangements. 

Results of Operations 

 The accompanying financial statements reflect the operations
of the Company for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011. 

Revenue 

 During the year ended 2012, revenue was 41,084,589 and 38,938,326
for the same period during 2011. The growth in 2012 from 2011 is primarily due to management s
decision to continue to push smaller sales through the distribution sales channel and focus on larger value direct sales through
CUI, Inc. as well as the continued expansion of CUI s product offering and further penetration in the Japanese market through
CUI Japan. This change resulted in a 4.7 decrease in the
total number of customer sales orders processed, while total revenue increased 2,146,263, or 5.5 for the year. 

The Company introduced 207 new products during the year ended
2012. The continued product expansion and moving smaller sales through the distribution channel is expected to continue to result
in revenue growth in future periods as CUI s sales group and support staff continues to reach new customers, further expand
relationships with existing customers and while the Company introduces new products in efforts to have CUI products designed into
new projects. 

The revenue for the year ended December 31, 2012 is comprised
of 39,802,620 from CUI products, 1,228,430 from CUI Japan products and 53,539 from freight. The revenue for the year ended
December 31, 2011 is comprised of 38,366,403 from CUI products, 511,295 from CUI Japan products and 60,628 for freight. 

During 2012, 59 of revenues were
derived from five customers at 47 , 4 , 3 , 3 , and 2 . During 2011, 55 of revenues were derived from six customers at 41 , 4 ,
3 , 3 , 2 and 2 . The Company s major product lines in 2012 and 2011 were external power, internal power and industrial
controls. 

Cost of revenue 

 The cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2012 and
2011 was 25,707,893 and 24,133,073, respectively. The significant increase during 2012 compared to the prior year
is primarily the result of the overall growth in sales. As a percentage of sales, the cost of revenue remained relatively consistent
at 62.5 for 2012 compared with 62.0 in 2011. 

31 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

 Selling, General and Administrative (SG A) expenses includes
such items as wages, consulting, general office expenses, business promotion expenses and costs of being a public company including
legal and accounting fees, insurance and investor relations. 

SG A expenses increased to 16,221,373 for the year
ended December 31, 2012 from 13,347,853 for the same period during 2011. This increase of 2,873,520 is primarily
the result of an increase of 616,695 of stock compensation expense for issuances to consultants related to strategic
investor marketing services, an increase of 400,290 for investor relations related expenses
including travel, supplies, conferences, meetings and cash expenses for strategic investor marketing services, 371,574
increase in sales related travel for CUI, Inc. related sales activity to manage third party sales representatives, reach new
customers, maintain existing customers, and promote new product lines including Novum and Solus, 298,600 of stock
compensation expenses for issuances to officers and employees as bonuses for achieving corporate goals, 242,352 in expenses
associated with professional fees related to engineering support, testing fees and travel expenses related to the Vergence
GasPT2 product as the Company increased the Vergence GasPT2 exposure to customers in North America, parts of Europe and
elsewhere, 177,039 increase in depreciation and amortization associated with investments in capital assets as well as the
amortization of the intangible, trademark and trade name V-Infinity which began in 2012, an increase
of 130,206 in costs associated with being a public company such as filing services and fees, professional fees, and listing
fees among others, increase in costs associated with an increase in advertising costs for company products of 34,666,
increased commissions to third party sales representatives related to the increase in sales, growth in operations at CUI
Japan associated with the increase revenues, operating costs associated with the newer technologies Novum and Solus and the
overall growth of the business in relation to revenues. The total dollar amount of SG A as a percentage of
total revenue increased to 39.5 for 2012 as compared to 34.3 in 2011. 

The Company anticipates the amount of its sales and marketing
expenditures and general and administrative expenses will further increase in 2013 as the Company continues to grow its revenues,
launches its second distributor for the CUI, Inc. product lines during 2013, continues to work to penetrate the market with its
newer product lines including Vergence, Novum and Solus as well as seeks to continue to further its technology offerings. However,
management expects the SG A as a percentage of total revenue to decrease in 2013 as the Company continues to increase total
revenue, particularly as the Vergence GasPT2 product line gains traction in the market place in conjunction with reductions in
stock compensation expenses for issuances to consultants in 2013. 

Research and Development 

 The research and development costs are related to the various
technologies for which CUI Global has acquired licensing rights or is developing internally. The expenditures for research
and development have been directed primarily towards the further development of Novum Advanced Power technologies including digital
POLs and the Solus Topology, AMT Capacitive Encoders and towards the development of the Vergence GasPT2. Research and development
costs were 791,332 and 716,321 for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The Company expects that 2013 research
and development expenses will be consistent with 2012 as the Company continues to expand its product offering and technologies
due to market acceptance and customer integration. 

32 

Impairment Loss 

 The Company reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value and may not be recoverable. In
performing the review for recoverability, the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual
disposition are estimated. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges)
is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized as the excess of the carrying amount over the
fair value. Otherwise, an impairment loss is not recognized. Management estimates the fair value and the
estimated future cash flows expected. Any changes in these estimates could impact whether there was impairment and
the amount of the impairment. There were 278,428 and 0 of impairment expenses recorded
by the Company in 2012 and 2011. 

Bad Debt 

 Bad debt expense decreased to 65,763 for the year ended December
31, 2012 from 82,192 for the same period ended 2011. The bad debt expense for both 2012 and 2011 represents less than
1/2 of total revenues. The bad debt expense for both periods relates to miscellaneous receivables which the Company has either
recorded an allowance for doubtful collections of the receivable or for which the Company has determined the balance to be uncollectible. 

Other Income 

 During the years ended 2012 and 2011, the Company had other
income of 95,069 and 53,657, respectively. Other income for the year ended December 31, 2012, consisted of 49,475 of foreign
exchange gain, 30,620 of interest income, 12,000 of rental income, 2,636 of other income and of 338 in bad debt recoveries.
Other income for the year ended December 31, 2011, consisted of 18,688 in bad debt recoveries, 17,592 for interest income, 15,103
of foreign exchange gain and 2,274 in other income. 

Investment Income 

 The Company recognized investment income on equity investment
in an affiliate of 59,623 for the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared with 41,472 for the same period ended 2011. 

Financing Fees 

 During 2012, the Company incurred financing
fees associated with the equity raises of 1,590,259. These fees were offset against Additional Paid in Capital in relation to
the equity proceeds. During 2011 , the Company did not incur financing fees . 

Non-cash interest expense, amortization of beneficial
conversion value, amortization of debt offering costs, warrant related debt discounts and
amortization of warrant related debt discount 

 The Company recorded an expense of 73,333 and 334,747 during
2012 and 2011, respectively, for non-cash interest expenses, including amortization of debt offering costs. The decrease
in this expense is primarily associated with the completion in 2011 of the amortization of the discounts on debt related to the
CUI Inc. acquisition in 2008. 

33 

Interest Expense 

 The Company incurred 575,199 and 918,189 of interest expense
during 2012 and 2011, respectively. Interest expense is for interest on the secured and unsecured convertible notes,
secured and unsecured promissory notes, and bank working capital loans and term loans. The Company was able to reduce debts during
2012 through utilizing the proceeds from the sales of equity to repay the 4,000,000 term note with Wells Fargo, 3,000,000 towards
the IED, Inc. note payable, 35,000 on the related party convertible note payable, and reduce the demand notes payable on the
Wells Fargo Line of Credit by 1,069,452 which all contributed to the decrease in interest expenses for the year. 

Inome (loss) from discontinued operations 

 For the year ended December 31, 2012,
there was no activity related to discontinued operations. 

During 2011, CUI Global recognized a loss
from the discontinued operations of Comex Electronics of 160,153, a gain on the divestment of Comex Electronics of 603,034 in
discontinued operations, and a net income from discontinued operations of 442,881. 

Consolidated Net Loss 

 The Company had a net loss of 2,526,321 for the year ended December
31, 2012 as compared to a net profit of 19,109 for the year ended December 31, 2011. The
decrease is primarily the result of the following items discussed in the above sections: an increase in total revenues
of 2,146,263, an increase in cost of revenues of 1,544,820, an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses of 2,873,520,
no gain on the sale of technology rights in 2012 as compared to a gain of 143,636 in 2011, a decrease in amortization of debt offering costs, a decrease in interest expense of 261,414, decreased
interest expense of 342,990 and the full year in 2012 without the losses incurred in relation to the operations of Comex Electronics
divested in 2011 or the associated gain on the divestment of 603,034. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 In June, 2011, the FASB issued ASU No.
2011-05, which amends ASC Topic 220, Comprehensive Income. Under the amendment, an entity has the option to present the total
of comprehensive income, the components of net income, and the components of other comprehensive income either in a single continuous
statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. In both choices, an entity is required to present
each component of net income along with total net income, each component of other comprehensive income along with a total for
other comprehensive income, and a total amount for comprehensive income. This ASU eliminates the option to present the components
of other comprehensive income as part of the statement of changes in stockholders' equity. The amendments in this ASU do not change
the items that must be reported in other comprehensive income or when an item of other comprehensive income must be reclassified
to net income. The amendments in this ASU have been applied retrospectively. 

In December 2011, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2011-11,
Balance Sheet - Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities to enhance disclosure requirements relating to the
offsetting of assets and liabilities on an entity's balance sheet. The update requires enhanced disclosures regarding assets and
liabilities that are presented net or gross in the statement of financial position when the right of offset exists, or that are
subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement. The new disclosure requirements relating to this update are retrospective
and effective for annual and interim periods beginning on or after January 1, 2013. The update only requires additional disclosures,
as such, the adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

34 

In July 2012, the FASB issued updated guidance on the periodic
testing of indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, for impairment. This updated guidance will allow companies
the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more-likely-than-not that an indefinite-lived intangible
asset might be impaired and whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test required under current accounting
standards. This guidance is applicable for reporting periods beginning after September 15, 2012. This updated guidance did not
have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosure about Market Risk 

Not applicable due to status as a small reporting company. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

The Financial Statements and the report of Liggett, Vogt 
Webb, P.A. dated February 19, 2013 are attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

The Company has had no disagreements with Liggett, Vogt 
Webb, P. A. as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on any matter of accounting principles or practices,
financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Not applicable. 

Item 9A(T) Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 Exchange Act ), the Company carried out an evaluation, with the participation of the Company s management,
including the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO (the
Company s principal financial and accounting officer), of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based
upon that evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are
effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits
under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s
CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

35 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting . 

 Immediately following the acquisition of CUI, Inc. in 2008,
Daniel N. Ford assumed the Chief Financial Officer position for both CUI Global, Inc. and its subsidiaries. We have not identified
any significant deficiency or material weaknesses in our internal controls at CUI Global, Inc., CUI, Inc., or CUI Japan. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

 Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Effective May 15, 2008, the Company appointed
Daniel N. Ford as Chief Financial Officer of CUI Global and its wholly owned subsidiary, CUI, Inc. There has been no change in
the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2012, that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

The Company s management, including the Company s
CEO and CFO, does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures or the Company s internal controls
will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of the controls can provide absolute assurance that all control
issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 

Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in our Audit Committee Charter and Audit Committee Policy
and Procedures. 

We have not identified any significant deficiency or material
weaknesses in our internal controls at CUI Global, Inc., CUI, Inc. or CUI Japan. 

A copy of our Audit Committee Charter can be viewed on our
 website: www.cuiglobal.com . 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of
the company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not
subject to attestation by the company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission that permit the company to provide only management's report in this annual report. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

There are no matters to be reported under this Item. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance 

Our Bylaws permit the number of directors to be fixed by resolution
of the Board of Directors, but to be no less than one. The Board of Directors has set the maximum number of members to no more
than eight members. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders and serve two year terms or until
their successors have been elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. Currently, there are six (6) directors,
four of whom are independent in accordance with applicable rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission
and within the meaning of Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ Stock Market. The standards relied upon
by the Board of Directors in determining whether a director is independent are posted on our website at www.cuiglobal.com. 

36 

Subject to terms of their employment agreements, if any, officers
of the Company hold office until their successors are elected and qualified, subject to earlier removal by the Board of Directors. 

The Board of Directors has three standing committees: Audit
Committee, Compensation Committee and Nomination Committee each of which has a written charter and/or statement of policy approved
by our board. Our board currently appoints the members of each committee. Copies of the current committee charters and/or statement
of policy for each committee are posted on our website at www.cuiglobal.com. No incumbent director attended fewer than 100 of
the total number of meetings held by the committees on which such director served. 

The following are officers and directors of the Company as
of December 31, 2012. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Colton R. Melby 
 55 
 Director, Chairman 
 
 William J. Clough 
 61 
 President/Chief Executive Officer, Director and General Counsel 
 
 Thomas A. Price 
 69 
 Director 
 
 Matthew M. McKenzie 
 32 
 Director, Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Sean P. Rooney 
 41 
 Director 
 
 Corey A. Lambrecht 
 43 
 Director 
 
 Daniel N. Ford 
 33 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Audit Committee: 

 Sean P. Rooney , Chairman 

 Thomas A. Price , Deputy Chairman 

 Colton R. Melby , Committee Member 

Compensation Committee 

 Cory A. Lambrecht , Chairman 

 Colton R. Melby , Committee Member 

Nominating Committee 

 The Nominating Committee consists of the independent
directors of the Board of Directors. 

independent director within the meaning of Rule
5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Because CUI Global is a small entity, the Company is
dependent on the efforts of a limited number of management personnel. The Company believes that because of the large amount of
responsibility being placed on each member of its management team, the loss of services of any member of this team at the present
time would harm its business. Each member of its management team supervises the operation and growth of one or more integral parts
of its business. 

37 

Business Experience of Directors and Executive Officers

Colton R. Melby, Chairman of the Board of Directors 

 Effective June 11, 2008, Colton Melby was appointed to the
Board of Directors and was elected by the Board of Directors to serve as Chairmen of the Board of Directors. Mr. Melby continues
to serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors and at the 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders; Mr. Melby was reelected to a two
year term on the Board of Directors. 

Mr. Melby has a 20 year background in aerospace manufacturing.
He spent 15 years as owner and chief executive officer of Metal Form, Inc., serving customers, including: Boeing, Bombardier;
Rockwell; Grumman; Lockheed Martin; and others. One of Mr. Melby s more notable investments was the financing and purchase
of firearms-maker Smith Wesson from London-based Tomkins PLC in 2001. Mr. Melby has investments in Earth 911, a recycling
company dedicated to green initiatives and green recycling. 

William J. Clough, Esq., President/Chief Executive Officer,
Director, General Counsel of CUI Global, Inc. and Chief Executive Officer of CUI, Inc. 

 Mr. Clough was elected at the 2006 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
to serve a two year term on the Board of Directors. Mr. Clough continues to serve on the Board of Directors and was reelected
at the 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to serve a third two year term. 

Mr. Clough was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer
of CUI Global, Inc. September 13, 2007 at which time Mr. Clough stepped down as Executive Vice President of Corporate Development.
Effective May 16, 2008, CUI Global, Inc. formed a wholly owned subsidiary, Waytronx Holdings, Inc., to acquire the assets of CUI,
Inc. along with this acquisition; Mr. Clough was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Waytronx Holdings, Inc. (now renamed to
CUI, Inc.). Mr. Clough was a police officer for 16 years, working at the local, state and federal levels as a Federal Air Marshall
in Southern Europe and the Middle East, in 1985-6. Mr. Clough received his Juris Doctorate, cum laude, from the University of
California, Hastings College of the Law in 1990. He is certified to practice law in state and federal courts in California, Illinois,
Hawaii and before the United States Supreme Court. 

During late FY 2011 into early FY 2012, along with Company
CFO, Dan Ford, Mr. Clough led the efforts to complete a successful equity raise; coupled with a re-structuring of the Company s
Capital Structure and the up-listing of the Company to the Nasdaq Capital Market in February 2012. 

Thomas A. Price, Director 

 Mr. Price was elected at the 2008 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
to serve a one year term on the Board of Directors and was reelected at the 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to serve a two
year term. 

Mr. Price has more than 30 years of business and operational
management experience. He is the founder of Tom Price Dealership Group, a leading auto dealership with 11 franchises at six locations
across California. Mr. Price developed the multi-brand San Francisco Auto Repair Center and a conference facility in Larkspur,
California. Currently, Mr. Price is the owner of nine car dealerships in Northern California. He was Chairman of the Lexus National
Dealer Advisory Board and charter member of the J.D. Power Dealer Roundtable. The Price Family Dealerships are major sponsors
of Special Olympics of Marin, Dedication to Special Education, CASA/Advocates for Children, Marin Breast Cancer Council and the
Golden Gate Shootout. 

38 

Matthew M. McKenzie, President and Chief Operational
Officer of CUI, Inc., Chief Operational Officer, Corporate Secretary of CUI Global, Inc. and Director. 

 Matt McKenzie was elected to the Board of Directors at the
2008 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to serve a two year term and was reelected at the 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to a
two year term on the Board of Directors. 

Mr. McKenzie earned an MBA from George Fox University. Matt
McKenzie has been working in various functions for CUI for over 10 years, gaining him intimate knowledge of the business, its
operations and its opportunities for growth. Over the past several years, Mr. McKenzie has worked to position CUI for growth through
sales and operation expansion as well as channel development and technology development. Mr. McKenzie initiated ISO 9001 certification,
a quality management system, provided structure to global logistics, including CUI s Chinese partners, and implemented CUI s
ERP system, which allows for more visibility and analysis opportunities for CUI. He spearheads the research, development and implementation
of the Novum and Solus technologies. 

Sean P. Rooney, Director 

 Mr. Rooney was elected at the 2008 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
to serve a one year term on the Board of Directors and was reelected at the 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to serve a two
year term. 

Mr. Rooney graduated from C. W. Post University in 1993 with
a Bachelors of Arts degree in Business Administration. In addition to his Series 7 (General Securities Representative), Series
63 (Uniform Securities Law) and Series 24 (General Securities Principal) licenses. Mr. Rooney brings to the CUI Global Board nearly
15 years of financial management experience. Mr. Rooney currently serves as Senior Vice President of Investments for Maxim Group
LLC, a leading full service investment banking, securities and wealth management firm. Prior to joining Maxim Group, he served
in a similar capacity at Investec Ernst Company, headquartered in South Africa and the U.K. 

Corey A. Lambrecht, Director 

 Mr. Lambrecht was elected at the 2008 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
to serve a one year term on the Board of Directors and was reelected at the 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to serve a two
year term. 

Mr. Lambrecht is a 14+ year public company executive with experience
in strategic acquisitions, new business development, pioneering consumer products, corporate licensing and interactive technology
services. Mr. Lambrecht currently serves as the President of Earth911, Inc. and is a current director of Lifestyle Wireless. 
He previously served as Director of Sales for Leveraged Marketing Associates, a worldwide leader in licensed brand extension
strategies. While Executive Vice President for Smith Wesson Holding Corporation he was responsible for Smith Wesson
Licensing, Advanced Technologies and Interactive Marketing divisions. He was the former President of A For Effort (sold to Freesoftwareclub.com),
an interactive database marketing company specializing in online content (advergaming) for clients such as the National Hockey
League. Mr. Lambrecht s prior experience also includes Pre-IPO founder for Premium Cigars International and VP Sales/Marketing
for ProductExpress.com. 

Daniel N. Ford, Chief Financial Officer of CUI Global
and CUI, Inc. 

 Mr. Ford has a background in the big accounting firms, including
KPMG. As CFO of CUI for in excess of five years, Mr. Ford moved CUI into a position of profitability, efficiency and forward thinking,
transforming many of CUI s accounting, inventory management and vendor relations processes. During 2012, along with Mr.
Clough, Mr. Ford facilitated the equity raise and uplisting to the NASDAQ Capital Market. Over the past five years, Mr. Ford has
implemented advanced internal fixed asset tracking, implemented a real time inventory system and participated in
implementing CUI s ERP system. His skills as a financier have allowed CUI to move to its current, 61,380 square foot building,
to transition its banking relationships to Wells Fargo National Association, as well as provided leadership in CUI Global s
acquisition of CUI and CUI Japan. Mr. Ford holds an MBA from George Fox University. 

39 

Shareholder Communications 

 Company shareholders who wish to communicate with the Board
of Directors or an individual director may write to CUI Global, Inc., 20050 SW 112th Avenue, Tualatin, Oregon 97062, phone (503)
612-2300 or to the attention of an individual director. Your letter should indicate that you are a shareholder and whether you
own your shares in street name. Letters received will be retained until the next Board meeting when they will be available to
the addressed director. Such communications may receive an initial evaluation to determine, based on the substance and nature
of the communication, a suitable process for internal distribution, review and response or other appropriate treatment. There
is no assurance that all communications will receive a response. 

Certain Provisions of the Articles of Incorporation and
Colorado Business Corporation Act Relating to Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

 The Colorado General Corporation Act, as revised, provides
that If so provided in the articles of incorporation, the corporation shall eliminate or limit the personal liability of a director
to the corporation or to its shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director; except that any such
provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director to the corporation or to its shareholders for monetary damages
for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or to its shareholders, acts or omissions not in good faith
or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, unlawful distributions, or any transaction from which the
director directly or indirectly derived an improper personal benefit. 

Our Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws provide that a person
who is performing his or her duties shall not have any liability by reason of being or having been a director of the corporation
and that the Company shall indemnify and advance expenses to a director or officer in connection with a proceeding to the fullest
extent permitted or required by and in accordance with the indemnification sections of Colorado statutes. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities may be invoked to
disclaim liability for damages arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1934 (collectively,
the Acts ), as amended, it is the position of the Securities and Exchange Commission that such indemnification is against
public policy as expressed in the Acts and are therefore, unenforceable. 

Reports to Shareholders 

 We intend to voluntarily send annual reports to our shareholders,
which will include audited financial statements. We are a reporting company and file reports with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC), including this Form 10-K as well as quarterly reports under Form 10-Q. The public may read and copy any materials
filed with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Information on the operation
of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The company files its reports electronically
and the SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information filed by
the company with the SEC electronically. The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov. 

40 

The company also maintains an Internet site, which contains
information about the company, news releases, governance documents and summary financial data. The address of that site is http://www.cuiglobal.com. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires
our executive officers, directors and persons owning more than 10 of our common stock to file reports of ownership and reports
of changes of ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reporting persons are required to furnish us
with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file. Based solely upon a review of copies of these filings received, we
believe that all filing requirements were complied with during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 with the exceptions noted
below: 

1. A late Form 4 report was filed by Colton R. Melby on behalf
 of an entity over which he controls the investment decisions to
 report an open market disposition of 23,000 common shares. 

2. A late Form 4 report was filed by William J. Clough to report
 the acquisition of an option to purchase 330,000 shares of common
 stock. 

We have made all officers and directors aware of their reporting
obligations and have appointed an employee to oversee Section 16 compliance for future filings. 

Our Corporate Governance Practices 

 We have always believed in strong and effective corporate governance
procedures and practices. In that spirit, we have summarized several of our corporate governance practices below. 

Adopting Governance Guidelines 

 Our Board of Directors has adopted a set of corporate governance
guidelines to establish a framework within which it will conduct its business and to guide management in its running of our Company.
The governance guidelines can be found on our website at www.cuiglobal.com
 and are summarized below. 

Monitoring Board Effectiveness 

 It is important that our Board of Directors and its committees
are performing effectively and in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders. The Board of Directors and each committee
are responsible for annually assessing their effectiveness in fulfilling their obligations. 

Conducting Formal Independent Director Sessions 

 At the conclusion of each regularly scheduled Board meeting,
the independent directors meet without our management or any non-independent directors. 

Hiring Outside Advisors 

 The Board and each of its committees may retain outside advisors
and consultants of their choosing at our expense, without management's consent. 

Providing Transparency 

 We believe that it is important that stockholders understand
our governance practices. In order to help ensure transparency of our practices, we have posted information regarding our corporate
governance procedures on our website at www.cuiglobal.com. 

41 

Communications with the Board of Directors 

 Stockholders may communicate with the Board of Directors by
writing to the Company at CUI Global, Inc., 20050 SW 112th Avenue, Tualatin, Oregon 97062, phone (503) 612-2300. Stockholders
who would like their submission directed to a member of the board may so specify, and the communication will be forwarded, as
appropriate. 

Ensuring Auditor Independence 

 We have taken a number of steps to ensure the continued independence
of our independent registered public accounting firm. That firm reports directly to the Audit Committee, which also has the ability
to pre-approve or reject any non-audit services proposed to be conducted by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

Avoiding Conflicts of Interest 

 We expect our directors, executives and employees to conduct
themselves with the highest degree of integrity, ethics and honesty. Our credibility and reputation depend upon the good judgment,
ethical standards and personal integrity of each director, executive and employee. In order to provide assurances to the Company
and its stockholders, we have implemented standards of business conduct which provide clear conflict of interest guidelines to
its employees and directors, as well as an explanation of reporting and investigatory procedures. 

Code of Ethics 

 The Company Board of Directors
adopted a Code of Ethics for all of our employees, directors, principal executives and financial officers that describes the required
conduct of honest and ethical behavior in the conduct of their duties. This code does not cover every issue that may arise, but
sets out basic principles relating to conflict of interest, corporate opportunities, insider trading, confidentiality, protection
and proper use of company assets, compliance with laws, rules and regulations, reporting of illegal or unethical behavior and
accountability. The Code of Ethics is available for viewing on our website at www.cuiglobal.com. Copies of our Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics will be provided free of charge upon written request to CUI Global, Inc., 20050 SW 112th Avenue, Tualatin,
Oregon 97062, phone (503) 612-2300 or on our website at www.cuiglobal.com. 

Audit Committee 

 The Audit Committee is established pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 for the purposes of overseeing the company s accounts and financial reporting processes and audits of its financial
statements. The Audit Committee is directly responsible for, among other things, the appointment, compensation, retention and
oversight of our independent Registered Public Accounting firm, review of financial reporting, internal company processes of business/financial
risk and applicable legal, ethical and regulatory requirements. 

The Audit Committee is currently comprised of Sean P. Rooney,
Thomas A. Price and Colton Melby. Each member of the Audit Committee is independent in accordance with applicable rules promulgated
by the Securities and Exchange Commission and NASDAQ listing standards. Mr. Rooney, Mr. Price and Mr. Melby have an understanding
of generally accepted accounting principles and have experience preparing, auditing, analyzing or evaluating financial statements
that present a breadth and level of complexity of accounting issues that are generally comparable to the breath and complexity
of issues that can reasonably be expected to be raised by the financial statements of the Company, including our balance sheet,
income statement and cash flow statement. They have an understanding of internal controls and procedures for financial reporting
and an understanding of audit committee functions as well as the ability to access the general application of such accounting
principles in connection with the accounting for estimates, accruals and reserves. The Board of Directors has determined that
Messers Rooney and Price are audit committee financial experts as defined in Section 401(h) of Regulation S-K promulgated
by the SEC under the Exchange Act. Our Audit Committee acts pursuant to a written charter, a copy of which is available from the
Company and is posted on our website at www.cuiglobal.com. The Audit Committee has established a procedure to receive complaints
regarding accounts, internal controls and auditing issues. 

42 

Audit Committee Report 

 The Audit Committee reviews the financial information that
will be provided to the shareholders and others, the systems of internal controls established by management and the Board and
the independence and performance of the Company s audit process. 

The Audit Committee has: 

1. Reviewed and discussed with management the audited financial
 statements included in the Company s Annual Report and Form
 10-K; 

2. Discussed
 with Liggett, Vogt
 Webb, P.A. 
 the Company s independent
 auditors, the matters required
 to be discussed by statement
 of Auditing Standards No.
 61, as amended, as adopted
 by the Public Company Accounting
 Oversight Board; 

3. Received
 the written disclosures
 and letter from Liggett,
 Vogt Webb, P.A. 
 as required by Independence
 Standards Board Standard
 No. 1; and 

4. Discussed
 with Liggett, Vogt
 Webb, P.A. 
 its independence. 

Based on these reviews and
discussions, the Audit Committee has recommended that the audited financial statements be included in the Company s annual
report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. The Audit Committee has also considered whether the amount and nature
of non-audit services provided by Liggett, Vogt Webb, P.A. is compatible with the
auditor s independence. 

Submitted by: Sean P. Rooney, Thomas A. Price, and Colton
Melby 

 Audit Committee 

Nominating Committee 

 The nominating committee consists of all of the members of
the Board of Directors four of whom are independent directors within the meaning of Rule 4200(a)(15) of the Nasdaq
Stock Market. The nominating committee is responsible for the evaluation of nominees for election as director, the nomination
of director candidates for election by the shareholders and evaluation of sitting directors. The Board has developed a formal
policy for the identification or evaluation of nominees. In general, when the Board determines that expansion of the Board or
replacement of a director is necessary or appropriate, the nominating committee will review, through candidate interviews with
members of the Board and management, consultation with the candidate's associates and through other means, a candidate's honesty,
integrity, reputation in and commitment to the community, judgment, personality and thinking style, willingness to invest in the
Company, residence, willingness to devote the necessary time, potential conflicts of interest, independence, understanding of
financial statements and issues, and the willingness and ability to engage in meaningful and constructive discussion regarding
Company issues. The committee would review any special expertise, for example, that qualifies a person as an audit committee financial
expert, membership or influence in a particular geographic or business target market, or other relevant business experience. To
date the Company has not paid any fee to any third party to identify or evaluate, or to assist it in identifying or evaluating,
potential director candidates. 

43 

The nominating committee will consider director candidates
nominated by shareholders during such times as the Company is actively considering obtaining new directors. Candidates recommended
by shareholders will be evaluated based on the same criteria described above. Shareholders desiring to suggest a candidate for
consideration should send a letter to the Company's Secretary and include: (a) a statement that the writer is a shareholder (providing
evidence if the person's shares are held in street name) and is proposing a candidate for consideration; (b) the name and contact
information for the candidate; (c) a statement of the candidate's business and educational experience; (d) information regarding
the candidate's qualifications to be director, including but not limited to an evaluation of the factors discussed above which
the Board would consider in evaluating a candidate; (e) information regarding any relationship or understanding between the proposing
shareholder and the candidate; (f) information regarding potential conflicts of interest; and (g) a statement that the candidate
is willing to be considered and willing to serve as director if nominated and elected. Because of the small size of the Company
and the limited need to seek additional directors, there is no assurance that all shareholder proposed candidates will be fully
considered, that all candidates will be considered equally, or that the proponent of any candidate or the proposed candidate will
be contacted by the Company or the Board, and no undertaking to do so is implied by the willingness to consider candidates proposed
by shareholders. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 Compensation Committee Members 

 The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors is appointed
by the Board of Directors to discharge the Board's responsibilities with respect to all forms of compensation of the Company's
executive officers, to administer the Company's equity incentive plans and to produce an annual report on executive compensation
for use in the Company's Form 10-K. The Compensation Committee consists of two members of the board of directors, Messers Colton
R. Melby and Corey A. Lambrecht, both of whom are independent directors within the meaning of Rule
5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Role of Committee 

 The Compensation Committee discharges the Board s responsibilities
relating to general compensation policies and practices and to compensation of our executives. In discharging its responsibilities,
the Compensation Committee establishes principles and procedures in order to ensure to the Board and the shareholders that the
compensation practices of the Company are appropriately designed and implemented to attract, retain and reward high quality executives
and are in accordance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. In this context, the Compensation Committee s
authority, duties and responsibilities are to: 

Annually
 review the Company s
 philosophy regarding
 executive compensation.

Periodically
 review market and
 industry data to
 assess the Company s
 competitive position
 and to retain any
 compensation consultant
 to be used to assist
 in the evaluation
 of directors 
 and executive officers 
 compensation. 

Establish
 and approve the Company
 goals and objectives
 and associated measurement
 metrics relevant
 to compensation of
 the Company s
 executive officers.

Establish
 and approve incentive
 levels and targets
 relevant to compensation
 of the executive
 officers. 

Annually
 review and make recommendations
 to the Board to approve,
 for all principal
 executives and officers,
 the base and incentive
 compensation, taking
 into consideration
 the judgment and
 recommendation of
 the Chief Executive
 Officer for the compensation
 of the principal
 executives and officers.

44 

Separately
 review, determine
 and approve the Chief
 Executive Officer s
 applicable compensation
 levels based on the
 Committee s
 evaluation of the
 Chief Executive Officer s
 performance in light
 of the Company s
 and the individual
 goals and objectives.

Periodically
 review and make recommendations
 to the Board with
 respect to the compensation
 of directors, including
 board and committee
 retainers, meeting
 fees, equity-based
 compensation and
 such other forms
 of compensation as
 the Compensation
 Committee may consider
 appropriate. 

Administer
 and annually review
 the Company s
 incentive compensation
 plans and equity-based
 plans. 

Review
 and make recommendations
 to the Board regarding
 any executive employment
 agreements, any proposed
 severance arrangements
 or change in control
 and similar agreements/provisions
 and any amendments,
 supplements or waivers
 to the foregoing
 agreements and any
 perquisites, special
 or supplemental benefits.

Review
 and discuss with
 management, the Compensation
 Disclosure and Analysis
 (CD A) and determine
 the Committee s
 recommendation for
 the CD A s
 inclusion in the
 Company s annual
 report filed on Form
 10-K with the SEC.

Committee Meetings 

Our
 Compensation Committee
 meets formally an
 informally as often
 as necessary to perform
 its duties and responsibilities.
 The Compensation
 Committee held four
 meetings during fiscal
 2011. On an as requested
 basis, our Compensation
 Committee receives
 and reviews materials
 prepared by management,
 consultants or committee
 members, in advance
 of each meeting.
 Depending on the
 agenda for the particular
 meeting, these materials
 may include: 

Minutes
 and materials from
 the previous meeting(s);

Reports
 on year-to-date Company
 and Partnership financial
 performance versus
 budget; 

Reports
 on progress and levels
 of performance of
 individual and Company
 performance objectives;

Reports
 on the Company s
 financial and stock
 performance versus
 a peer group of companies;

Reports
 from the Committee s
 compensation consultant
 regarding market
 and industry data
 relevant to executive
 officer compensation;

Reports
 and executive compensation
 summary worksheets,
 which sets forth
 for each executive
 officer: current
 total compensation
 and incentive compensation
 target percentages,
 current equity ownership
 holdings and general
 partner ownership
 interest and current
 and projected value
 of each and all such
 compensation elements,
 including distributions
 and dividends there
 from, over a five
 year period. 

Compensation Philosophy 

 General Philosophy 

 Our compensation philosophy is based on the premise of attracting,
retaining and motivating exceptional leaders, setting high goals, working toward the common objectives of meeting the expectations
of customers and stockholders and rewarding outstanding performance. Following this philosophy, in determining executive compensation,
we consider all relevant factors, such as the competition for talent, our desire to link pay with performance, the use of equity
to align executive interests with those of our stockholders, individual contributions, teamwork and performance, each executive s
total compensation package and internal pay equity. We strive to accomplish these objectives by compensating all employees with
total compensation packages consisting of a combination of competitive base salary and incentive compensation. 

45 

Pay for Performance 

 At the core of our compensation philosophy is our strong belief
that pay should be directly linked to performance. We believe in a pay for performance culture that places a significant portion
of executive officer total compensation as contingent upon, or variable with, individual performance, Company performance and
achievement of strategic goals including increasing shareholder value. 

The performance based compensation for our executives may be
in the form of (i) annual cash incentives to promote achievement of and accountability for, shorter term performance plans and
strategic goals and (ii) equity grants, designed to align the long-term interests of our executive officers with those of our
shareholders, by creating a strong and direct link between executive compensation and shareholder return over a multiple year
performance cycle. Long term incentive equity awards are granted in restricted stock. These shares/units generally vest over a
two to four year period. This opportunity for share ownership was provided in order to provide incentive and retain key employees
and align their interests with our long term strategic goals. 

Base Compensation to be Competitive within Industry 

 A key component of an executive s total compensation
base salary is designed to compensate executives commensurate with their respective level of experience, scope of responsibilities,
sustained individual performance and future potential. The goal has been to provide for base salaries that are sufficiently competitive
with other similar-sized companies, both regionally and nationally, in order to attract and retain talented leaders. 

Compensation Setting Process 

 Management s Role in the Compensation Setting Process.

Management plays a significant role in the compensation-setting
process. The most significant aspects of management s role are: 

Assisting
 in establishing business
 performance goals
 and objectives; 

Evaluating
 employee and company
 performance; 

CEO
 recommending compensation
 levels and awards
 for executive officers;

Implementing
 the Board approved
 compensation plans;
 and 

Assistance
 in preparing agenda
 and materials for
 the Committee meetings.

The Chief Executive Officer generally attends the Committee
meetings; however, the Committee also regularly meets in executive session. The Chief Executive Officer makes recommendations
with respect to financial and corporate goals and objectives and makes non CEO executive compensation recommendations to the Compensation
Committee based on company performance, individual performance and the peer group compensation market analysis. The Compensation
Committee considers and deliberates on this information and in turn makes recommendations to the Board of Directors, for the Board s
determination and approval of the executives and other members of senior management s compensation, including base
compensation, short-term cash incentives and long-term equity incentives. The Chief Executive Officer s performance and
compensation is reviewed, evaluated and established separately by the Compensation Committee and ratified and approved by the
Board of Directors. 

46 

Setting Compensation Levels 

 To evaluate our total compensation is competitive and provides
appropriate rewards to attract and retain talented leaders, as discussed above, we may rely on analyses of peer companies performed
by independent compensation consultants and on other industry and occupation specific survey data available to us. Our general
benchmark is to establish both base salary and total compensation for the executive officers at the 50 th percentile
of the peer group data, recognizing that a significant portion of executive officer total compensation should be contingent upon,
or variable with, achievement of individual and Company performance objectives and strategic goals, as well as being variable
with stockholder value. Further, while the objective for base salary is at the 50 th percentile of the peer group data,
executives base salaries are designed to reward core competencies and contributions to the Company and may be increased
above this general benchmark based on (i) the individual s increased contribution over the preceding year; (ii) the individual s
increased responsibilities over the preceding year; and (iii) any increase in median competitive pay levels. 

Setting Performance Objectives 

 The Company s business plans and strategic objectives
are generally presented by management at the Company s annual board meeting. The board engages in an active discussion concerning
the financial targets, the appropriateness of the strategic objectives and the difficulty in achieving same. In establishing the
compensation plan, our Compensation Committee then utilizes the primary financial objectives from the adopted business plan and
operating cash flow as the primary targets for determining the executive officers short-term cash incentives and long term
equity incentive compensation. The Committee also establishes additional non-financial performance goals and objectives, the achievement
of which is required for funding of a significant portion, approximately twenty five percent, of the executive officers 
incentive compensation. In 2012, these non financial performance goals and objectives included achieving accurate financial reporting
and timely SEC filings; demonstrating full compliance and superior performance in the Company s environmental, health and
safety practices; performing appropriate SOX/404 remediation activities and achieving successful testing of and compliance with
SOX requirements and general and administrative expense management. In addition, the executive team was charged with positioning
the company for up-listing to a national stock exchange and an equity raise in early 2012. Said funding to be used to enhance
the company s balance sheet; pay down corporate debt; increase the company s ability to rapidly bring its new products
to market; and other appropriate matters. 

Annual Evaluation 

 The Chief Executive Officer recommends the actual incentive
award amounts for all other executives based on actual company performance relative to the targets as well as on individual performance
and recommends the executives base salaries levels for the coming year. The Compensation Committee considers these recommendations
generally at the end of each fiscal year in determining its recommendations to the Board of Directors for the final short-term
cash incentive and long-term equity award amounts for each executive and for the executive s base salary levels. The actual
incentive amounts awarded to each executive are ultimately subject to the discretion of the Compensation Committee and the Board
of Directors. 

Additional equity-based awards may be also granted to executives,
as well as other employees, upon commencement of employment, for promotions or special performance recognition or for retention
purposes, based on the recommendation of the Chief Executive Officer. In determining whether to recommend additional grants to
an executive, the Chief Executive Officer typically considers the individual s performance and any planned change in functional
responsibility. 

47 

Elements of Executive Compensation 

 Total Compensation 

 Total compensation for our executives consists of three elements:
(i) base salary; (ii) incentive cash award based on achieving specific performance targets as measured by cash flow and other
objectives and (iii) equity incentive award, which is also performance based and paid out over a future period in the form of
restricted stock or stock purchase options. Base salaries are the value upon which both the incentive compensation percentage
targets are measured against. For evaluation and comparison of overall compensation of the executives and to assist it in making
its compensation decisions, the Compensation Committee reviews an executive compensation summary, which sets forth for each executive:
current compensation and current equity ownership holdings as well as the projected value of each and all such compensation elements,
including distributions and dividends there from. 

Base Salaries 

 Base salaries are designed to compensate executives commensurate
with their respective level of experience, scope of responsibilities and to reward sustained individual performance and future
potential. The goal has been to provide for base salaries that are sufficiently competitive with other similar-sized companies,
both regionally and nationally, in order to attract and retain talented leaders. 

Incentive Compensation 

 Incentive compensation is intended to align compensation with
business objectives and performance and enable the company to attract, retain and reward high quality executive officers whose
contributions are critical to short and long-term success of the Company. The executives incentive awards are based upon
three key performance metrics: 1) the Company s EBIDTA; 2) achievement of agreed-upon strategic and corporate performance
goals; and 3) existing Employment Agreement. 

The strategic and corporate performance goals are not intended
to be a specific agreed-upon goal, but rather a general objective. Management and the board of directors discuss these factors
and set objectives that are dynamic and change periodically. In setting these periodic goals, the board of directors discusses
with management the nature of the objective and management's proposed method of achieving the goal. These goals change throughout
the operational process because of changing dynamics such as economic conditions, current success of marketing, availability of
materials, availability of funding and overall momentum toward achieving the goal. 

Incentive Plan Compensation 

 Incentive awards are paid out in cash, restricted common stock
or option awards. The incentive award targets for the executives are established at the beginning of the year, generally, as a
percentage of their base salary and the actual awards are determined at the following year s Annual Board of Directors meetings
based on actual company performance relative to established goals and objectives, as well as on evaluation of the executive s
relevant departmental and individual performance during the past year. In many instances the award of restricted common stock
vests over a four year term in equal periodic tranches. The award of restricted common stock purchased through options generally,
although not in every instance, vests immediately upon exercise of the option and generally has a validity of up to ten years
and a per share purchase price, of no less than, the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. The awards are
intended to serve as a means of incentive compensation for performance. 

48 

Retirement Plans 

 Our wholly owned subsidiary, CUI, Inc., maintains a 401(k)
plan. The Company has a 401(k) retirement savings plan that allows employees to contribute to the plan after they have completed
3 months of service and are 21 years of age. The Company matches the employee s contribution up to 6 of total compensation.
Total employer contributions, net of forfeitures, were 215,118 and 179,234, for 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

Change in Control Agreements 

 Our executives are awarded protection upon a change in control
as specifically provided in their employment contracts. 

Perquisites 

 The Company does not provide for any perquisites or any other
benefits for its senior executives that are not generally available to all employees. 

Compensation Committee Charter 

 Our Compensation Committee Charter is posted on our website
at www.cuiglobal.com. 

Summary Compensation Table 

 The following table sets forth the compensation paid and accrued
to be paid by the Company for the fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010 to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and two most
highly compensated executive officers of the Company. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name
 and 
 Principal Position 
 
 Year 

Salary
 ) 

Bonus
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Option 
 Awards 
 )
 (10) 
 (11) 
 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Change
 in 
 Pension 
 Value and 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings ) 

All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total
 ) 

William J. Clough, 
 
 2012 

337,500 

164,920 
 
 (2) 

160,080 
 
 (2) 

841,408 
 
 (3) 

- 

- 

17,860 

1,521,768 

CEO / President / 
 
 2011 

325,000 

124,792 
 
 (2 

- 

- 

- 

- 

6,110 

455,902 

Counsel / Director
 (1) 
 
 2010 

282,500 

90,000 
 
 (2) 

- 

167,808 
 
 (3) 

- 

- 

5,687 

545,995 

Daniel N. Ford, 
 
 2012 

195,000 

160,130 
 
 (5) 

51,120 
 
 (5) 

27,451 
 
 (6) 

- 

- 

34,860 

468,561 

CFO (4) 
 
 2011 

195,000 

62,500 
 
 (5) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

33,186 

290,686 

2010 

157,500 

90,000 
 
 (5) 

- 

56,866 
 
 (6) 

- 

- 

25,943 

330,309 

Matthew M. McKenzie, 
 
 2012 

205,000 

147,808 
 
 (8) 

32,400 
 
 (8) 

32,902 
 
 (9) 

- 

- 

34,860 

452,970 

COO / President of CUI Inc. 
 
 2011 

205,000 

114,583 
 
 (8) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

32,475 

352,058 

/ Director (7) 
 
 2010 

162,500 

90,000 
 
 (8) 

- 

68,159 
 
 (9) 

- 

- 

21,848 

342,507 

Footnotes: 

1. Mr. Clough joined the Company on September 1, 2005. Effective
 September 13, 2007, Mr. Clough was appointed CEO/President of CUI
 Global and Chief Executive Officer of CUI, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary
 of the Company. 

49 

2. Mr. Clough is employed under a multi-year employment contract
 with the company, which was recently extended to run to and through
 August 1, 2015. Said contract provides, in relevant part, for an
 annual salary of 350,000 and bonus provisions for each calendar
 year. Bonuses are approved quarterly based on various performance-related
 factors and an evaluation of current performance. All such bonus
 payments shall be paid to Mr. Clough in equal monthly installments
 following the quarter in which the bonus is earned and shall be paid
 on the 15 th day of each month. During 2012, in accordance
 with the bonus provisions of his employment contract, Mr. Clough
 received 33,350 shares of common stock with a fair value of 160,080.
 At December 31, 2012 and 2011, there was an accrual of 53,542 and
 13,542, respectively, for compensation owed to Mr. Clough.. 

3. Effective January 1, 2009, Mr. Clough received a fully vested
 bonus option to purchase 37,177 common shares, within ten years from
 date of issuance, at a price of 7.50 per share. Effective October
 11, 2010, Mr. Clough received a bonus option to purchase 37,177 common
 shares, within ten years from date of issuance, at a price of 9.00
 per share that vests over 4 years: 25 at year one and thereafter
 in equal monthly installments. Effective April 16, 2012, Mr. Clough
 received a bonus option to purchase 37,177 common shares, within
 ten years from date of issuance, at a price of 4.56 per share that
 vests over 4 years: 25 at year one and thereafter in equal monthly
 installments. Under the terms of Mr. Clough's contract extension,
 effective September 21, 2012, Mr. Clough received a bonus option
 to purchase 330,000 common shares, within ten years from date of
 issuance, at a price of 6.00 per share that vests in equal monthly
 installments over 4 years. Mr. Ford joined the Company May 15, 2008
 as Chief Financial Officer of CUI Global and CUI, Inc., a wholly
 owned subsidiary of the Company. 

4. Mr. Ford joined the Company May 15, 2008 as Chief Financial Officer
 of CUI Global and CUI, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

5. Mr. Ford is employed under a three year employment contract with
 the company, which was extended to May 15, 2014 and provides, in
 relevant part, for an annual salary of 195,000 and bonus provisions
 for each calendar year, beginning with 2010, in which the CUI Global
 yearend Statement of Operations shows a Net Profit and the Gross
 Revenue equal to or that exceeds fifteen percent (15 ), but less
 than thirty percent (30 ), of the immediate preceding calendar year,
 he shall be entitled to receive a cash bonus in an amount equal to
 fifty percent (50 of his prior year base salary in addition to
 any other compensation to which he may be entitled; provided, however,
 that he shall be entitled to the bonus only if he has been employed
 by the Company during that entire calendar year. In substitution
 of the bonus percentages described above, he shall be entitled to
 receive, in any year in which annual Gross Revenue exceeds by 30 
 of the prior calendar year gross revenue, a sum equal to 100 of
 his prior year base salary. Bonuses are approved quarterly based
 on the above factors and an evaluation of current performance. All
 such bonus payments shall be paid to Mr. Ford in equal monthly installments
 following the quarter in which the bonus is earned and shall be paid
 on the 15th day of each month. During 2012, in accordance with the
 bonus provisions of his employment contract, Mr. Ford received 10,650
 shares of common stock with a fair value of 51,120. At December
 31, 2012 and 2011 there was an accrual of 8,125 and 0, respectively,
 for compensation owed to Mr. Ford. 

6. Effective January 1, 2009, Mr. Ford received a fully vested bonus
 option to purchase 12,598 common shares, within ten years from date
 of issuance, at a price of 7.50 per share. Effective October 11,
 2010, Mr. Ford received a bonus option to purchase 12,598 common
 shares, within ten years from date of issuance, at a price of 9.00
 per share that vests over 4 years: 25 at year one and thereafter
 in equal monthly installments. Effective April 16, 2012, Mr. Ford
 received a bonus option to purchase 12,598 common shares, within
 ten years from date of issuance, at a price of 4.56 per share that
 vests over 4 years: 25 at year one and thereafter in equal monthly
 installments. Mr. McKenzie joined the Company May 15, 2008 as Chief
 Operating Officer of CUI Global and President and Chief Operating
 Officer of CUI, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

50 

7. Mr. McKenzie joined the Company May 15, 2008 as Chief Operating
 Officer of CUI Global and President and Chief Operating Officer of
 CUI, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

8. Mr. McKenzie is employed under a three year employment contract
 with the company, which was extended to May 15, 2014 and provides,
 in relevant part, for an annual salary of 205,000 and bonus provisions
 for each calendar year, beginning with 2008, in which the CUI Global
 yearend Statement of Operations shows a Net Profit and the Gross
 Revenue equal to or that exceeds fifteen percent (15 ), but less
 than thirty percent (30 ), of the immediate preceding calendar year,
 he shall be entitled to receive a cash bonus in an amount equal to
 fifty percent (50 of his prior year base salary in addition to
 any other compensation to which he may be entitled; provided, however,
 that he shall be entitled to the bonus only if he has been employed
 by the Company during that entire calendar year. In substitution
 of the bonus percentages described above, he shall be entitled to
 receive, in any year in which annual Gross Revenue exceeds by 30 
 of the prior calendar year gross revenue, a sum equal to 100 of
 his prior year base salary. Bonuses are approved quarterly based
 on the above factors and an evaluation of current performance. All
 such bonus payments shall be paid to Mr. McKenzie in equal monthly
 installments following the quarter in which the bonus is earned and
 shall be paid on the 15th day of each month. During 2012, in accordance
 with the bonus provisions of his employment contract, Mr. McKenzie
 received 6,750 shares of common stock with a fair value of 32,400.
 At December 31, 2012 and 2011 there was an accrual of 8,542 and
 12,083, respectively, for compensation owed to Mr. McKenzie. 

9. Effective January 1, 2009, Mr. McKenzie received a fully vested
 bonus option to purchase 15,100 common shares, within ten years from
 date of issuance, at a price of 7.50 per share. Effective October
 11, 2010, Mr. McKenzie received a bonus option to purchase 15,100
 common shares, within ten years from date of issuance, at a price
 of 9.00 per share that vests over 4 years: 25 at year one and thereafter
 in equal monthly installments. Effective April 16, 2012, Mr. McKenzie
 received a bonus option to purchase 15,100 common shares, within
 ten years from date of issuance, at a price of 4.56 per share that
 vests over 4 years: 25 at year one and thereafter in equal monthly
 installments. 

10. As of December 31, 2012, William
 J. Clough, CEO/Director held 456,231 outstanding options, Matthew
 M. McKenzie, COO/Director held 60,001 outstanding options and Daniel
 N. Ford, CFO held 37,794 outstanding options. 

11. Please see the disclosure of
 assumptions made in the valuation of the option awards included
 in Note 8 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY. 

51 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL
YEAR END 

The following table sets forth the outstanding equity awards
at December 31, 2012 to each of the named executive officers: 

Name 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#) 
 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards:
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) 
 Option
 Exercise Price ) 
 Option
 Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or
 Units of 
 Stock
 That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market 
 Value 
 of 
 Shares 
 or Units 
 of 
 Stock 
 That 
 Have 
 Not 
 Vested 
 ) 
 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards:
 Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards:
 Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested
 (1) ) 
 
 William J. Clough (2) 
 - 
 - 
 37,177 
 7.50 
 1/1/2019 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Matthew M. McKenzie (2) 
 - 
 - 
 15,100 
 7.50 
 1/1/2019 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Daniel N. Ford (2) 
 - 
 - 
 12,598 
 7.50 
 1/1/2019 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 William J. Clough (3) 
 - 
 - 
 37,177 
 9.00 
 10/11/2020 
 - 
 - 
 16,265 
 89,295 
 
 Matthew M. McKenzie (3) 
 - 
 - 
 15,100 
 9.00 
 10/11/2020 
 - 
 - 
 6,606 
 36,267 
 
 Daniel N. Ford (3) 
 - 
 - 
 12,598 
 9.00 
 10/11/2020 
 - 
 - 
 5,512 
 30,261 
 
 William J. Clough (4) 
 - 
 - 
 37,177 
 4.56 
 4/16/2022 
 - 
 - 
 37,177 
 204,102 
 
 Matthew M. McKenzie (4) 
 - 
 - 
 15,100 
 4.56 
 4/16/2022 
 - 
 - 
 15,100 
 82,899 
 
 Daniel N. Ford (4) 
 - 
 - 
 12,597 
 4.56 
 4/16/2022 
 - 
 - 
 12,597 
 69,158 
 
 William J. Clough (5) 
 - 
 - 
 330,000 
 6.00 
 9/21/2022 
 - 
 - 
 302,500 
 1,660,725 

Footnotes: 

1. Calculated by multiplying the
 number of units by the CUI Global closing market price 5.49) as
 of December 31, 2012. 

2. Effective January 1, 2009, Mr.
 Clough, Mr. McKenzie and Mr. Ford received fully vested bonus options
 to purchase 37,177, 15,100, and 12,598 common shares, respectively,
 within ten years from date of issuance, at a price of 7.50 per
 share. 

3. Effective October 11, 2010,
 Mr. Clough, Mr. McKenzie and Mr. Ford received bonus options to
 purchase 37,177, 15,100 and 12,598 common shares, respectively,
 within ten years from date of issuance, at a price of 9.00 per
 share that vests over 4 years: 25 at year one and thereafter in
 equal monthly installments. 

4. Effective April 16, 2012, Mr.
 Clough, Mr. McKenzie and Mr. Ford received bonus options to purchase
 37,177, 15,100 and 12,598 common shares, respectively, within ten
 years from date of issuance, at a price of 4.56 per share that
 vests over 4 years: 25 at year one and thereafter in equal monthly
 installments. 

5. Effective September 21, 2012,
 under the terms of his contract extension, Mr. Clough received a
 bonus option to purchase 330,000 common shares, within ten years
 from date of issuance, at a price of 6.00 per share that vests
 in equal monthly installments over 4 years. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

The written report and recommendations of Compensia,
Inc., as noted above in the section, Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Shareholders, upon
which the Compensation Committee relied, also included a detailed director and committee compensation
report and market analysis. The 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive) provides for the issuance of stock options to attract,
retain and motivate directors as well as other management personnel. 

52 

The Compensation Committee concluded that, after giving consideration
to the directors obligation in representation of the shareholders, the high standard of ethics and talent required, increasing
workloads, greater exposure, more stringent director independence standards and the SEC's disclosure rules, directors and committee
members should be compensated fairly for time and value delivered and the compensation should be sufficient to attract and retain
qualified competent individuals to serve on our board. The Compensation Committee adopted the recommendations of Compensia and
approved a director and committee compensation plan. 

The Compensation Committee concluded that the appropriate compensation
for calendar year 2009 should be in the form of options granted in an amount equal to the 50 th percentile for similar
companies, but discounted by a factor of 10 at an option strike price of 7.50 per share. This price reflected the true value
of the directors work, provides adequate incentive to each director and does not unfairly penalize the directors for current
market conditions. Moreover, the 7.50 strike price reflects the price at which much of the underlying funding and CUI transaction
was originally priced. 

In keeping with this original compensation structure, the Compensation
Committee concluded that the appropriate compensation for calendar year 2010 should continue to be in the form of options granted
in an amount equal to the 50 th percentile for similar companies, but discounted by a factor of 10 at an option strike
price of 9.00 per share. In furtherance of this compensation plan, October 11, 2010, the Board of Directors authorized an additional
3,060,382 options under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive). All options granted are presented at post-reverse quantities.
On October 11, 2010, 3,300 options (number of options represents post reverse of 30:1) were granted to each director of the Company
with an exercise price of 9.00 per share and that vest one year after the October 11, 2010 date of grant. The 9.00 option price
reflects a stock price fair to both the director and the Company. 

On April 16, 2012, 3,300 options were granted to each director
of the Company with an exercise price of 4.56 per share and that vest one year after the April 16, 2012 date of grant. The 4.56
option price reflects a stock price fair to both the director and the Company. No executive options were granted in 2011. 

Board of Directors Members 

Cash Retainer
 - 23,750 annually
 for board members
 and 33,750 for
 the Chairman. 

Initial, one
 time only, option
 to purchase 4,800
 common shares at
 an exercise price
 that is not less
 than the fair market
 value per share.
 The option vests
 over four years,
 25 after the first
 year, thereafter
 equally each month
 for the balance
 of the four year
 term. 

Annual Option
 to purchase 3,300
 common shares at
 an exercise price
 that is not less
 than the fair market
 value per share
 at the date of
 grant. The option
 vests in full after
 one year. No options
 were granted in
 2011 to directors. 

Meeting fee:
 none. 

53 

Director Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth the compensation of the directors,
included in the Outstanding Equity Awards schedule noted above, for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2012. 

Director Compensation 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Fees earned
 or paid in cash ) (2) 
 Stock Awards
 ) 
 Option Awards
 ) (1) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings
 ) 
 All Other Compensation
 ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Colton Melby, Chmn. 
 2012 
 33,750 
 - 
 7,191 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 40,941 

2011 
 32,875 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 32,875 

2010 
 32,000 
 - 
 14,896 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 46,896 
 
 William J. Clough 
 2012 
 - 
 - 
 7,191 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,191 

2011 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2010 
 - 
 - 
 14,896 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 14,896 
 
 Matthew M. McKenzie 
 2012 
 - 
 - 
 7,191 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,191 

2011 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2010 
 - 
 - 
 14,896 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 14,896 
 
 Thomas A. Price 
 2012 
 23,750 
 - 
 7,191 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 30,941 

2011 
 23,375 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 23,375 

2010 
 23,000 
 - 
 14,896 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 37,896 
 
 Sean P. Rooney 
 2012 
 23,750 
 - 
 7,191 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 30,941 

2011 
 24,625 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 24,625 

2010 
 25,500 
 - 
 14,896 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 40,396 
 
 Corey Lambrecht 
 2012 
 23,750 
 - 
 7,191 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 30,941 

2011 
 24,125 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 24,125 

2010 
 24,500 
 - 
 14,896 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 39,396 

Footnotes: 

1. Effective January 1, 2009,
 each director received an option to purchase 4,800 common shares
 within ten years from date of issuance that vests over four years,
 25 after the first year and in equal monthly installments over
 the balance of the four year term. Effective January 1, 2009,
 each director received an option to purchase 3,300 common shares
 at a price of 7.50 per share that vests one year after issuance.
 Additionally, effective October 11, 2010, each director received
 an option to purchase 3,300 common shares at a price of 9.00
 per share that vests one year after issuance. Directors are to
 receive a grant of 3,300 options annually. Options fully vest
 after one year. During the year ended 2011, directors did not
 receive a grant of options. Effective April 16, 2012, each director
 received an option to purchase 3,300 common shares at a price
 of 4.56 per share that vests one year after issuance. As of December
 31, 2012, each non-employee director held 14,700 options remaining
 outstanding of which 11,400 of those options were fully vested,
 and William J. Clough, CEO/Director held 456,231 outstanding options
 of which 96,989 of those options were fully vested and Matthew
 M. McKenzie, COO/Director held 60,001 outstanding options of which
 34,994 of those options were fully vested. Please see the disclosure
 of assumptions made in the valuation of the option awards included
 in Note 8 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY. 

2. During 2009, 2010, and pro
 rata through June 30, 2011, each director received an annual cash
 retainer of 20,000, no meeting fee, Board Chair receives additional
 10,000 annually; Audit Committee members receive 3,000 annually,
 Audit Committee Chair receives 5,500 annually, Compensation Committee
 members receive 2,000 annually, Compensation Committee Chair
 receives 4,500 annually. Effective July 1, 2011, each director
 receives a cash retainer of 23,750 annually paid pro rata from
 the July 1, 2011 effective date, no meeting fee and the Chairman
 receives a cash retainer of 33,750 annually paid pro rata from
 the July 1, 2011 effective date, with no meeting fee. 

54 

OUTSTANDING DIRECTOR EQUITY AWARDS AT
FISCAL YEAR END 

The following table sets forth the outstanding director equity
awards at December 31, 2012 to each of the named directors: 

Director 
 Total Underlying Common
 Shares (1) 
 Exercise Price per Share 
 Option Term from Grant Date 
 Vesting 
 Total Underlying Common
 Vested at 01/01/2012 
 Total Underlying Common
 Vesting at 01/01/2013 
 Total Underlying Common
 Vesting at 01/01/2014 
 Total Underlying Common
 Vesting at 01/01/2015 
 
 Colton Melby, Chmn. 
 3,300 
 4.56 
 10 years 
 1 year (3) 
 - 
 - 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 
 Colton Melby, Chmn. 
 3,300 
 9.00 
 10 years 
 1 year (3) 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 
 Colton Melby, Chmn. 
 4,800 
 7.50 
 10 years 
 4 years (2) 
 3,600 
 4,800 
 4,800 
 4,800 
 
 Colton Melby, Chmn. 
 3,300 
 7.50 
 10 years 
 1 year (3) 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 

William J. Clough 
 3,300 
 4.56 
 11 years 
 1 year (3) 
 - 
 - 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 
 William J. Clough 
 3,300 
 9.00 
 10 years 
 1 year (3) 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 
 William J. Clough 
 4,800 
 7.50 
 10 years 
 4 years (2) 
 3,600 
 4,800 
 4,800 
 4,800 
 
 William J. Clough 
 3,300 
 7.50 
 10 years 
 1 year (3) 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 

Matthew M. McKenzie 
 3,300 
 4.56 
 11 years 
 1 year (3) 
 - 
 - 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 
 Matthew M. McKenzie 
 3,300 
 9.00 
 10 years 
 1 year (3) 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 
 Matthew M. McKenzie 
 4,800 
 7.50 
 10 years 
 4 years (2) 
 3,600 
 4,800 
 4,800 
 4,800 
 
 Matthew M. McKenzie 
 3,300 
 7.50 
 10 years 
 1 year (3) 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 

Thomas A. Price 
 3,300 
 4.56 
 11 years 
 1 year (3) 
 - 
 - 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 
 Thomas A. Price 
 3,300 
 9.00 
 10 years 
 1 year (3) 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 
 Thomas A. Price 
 4,800 
 7.50 
 10 years 
 4 years (2) 
 3,600 
 4,800 
 4,800 
 4,800 
 
 Thomas A. Price 
 3,300 
 7.50 
 10 years 
 1 year (3) 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 

Sean P. Rooney 
 3,300 
 4.56 
 11 years 
 1 year (3) 
 - 
 - 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 
 Sean P. Rooney 
 3,300 
 9.00 
 10 years 
 1 year (3) 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 
 Sean P. Rooney 
 4,800 
 7.50 
 10 years 
 4 years (2) 
 3,600 
 4,800 
 4,800 
 4,800 
 
 Sean P. Rooney 
 3,300 
 7.50 
 10 years 
 1 year (3) 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 

Corey Lambrecht 
 3,300 
 4.56 
 11 years 
 1 year (3) 
 - 
 - 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 
 Corey Lambrecht 
 3,300 
 9.00 
 10 years 
 1 year (3) 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 
 Corey Lambrecht 
 4,800 
 7.50 
 10 years 
 4 years (2) 
 3,600 
 4,800 
 4,800 
 4,800 
 
 Corey Lambrecht 
 3,300 
 7.50 
 10 years 
 1 year (3) 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 
 3,300 

Footnotes: 

1. Effective January 1, 2009, each director received an option to
 purchase 4,800 common shares within ten years from date of issuance
 that vests over four years, 25 after the first year and in equal
 monthly installments over the balance of the four year term. 
 Also, effective January 1, 2009, each director received an option
 to purchase 3,300 common shares at a price of 7.50 per share that
 vests one year after issuance. Additionally, effective October
 11, 2010, each director received an option to purchase 3,300 common
 shares at a price of 9.00 per share that vests one year after issuance. 
 During the year ended 2011, directors did not receive a grant of options.
 Effective April 16, 2012, each director received an option to purchase
 3,300 common shares at a price of 4.56 per share that vests one year
 after issuance. Directors are to receive a grant of 3,300 options
 annually. Options fully vest after one year. 

55 

2. Vests over four years, 25 after the first year and in equal monthly
 installments over the balance of the four year term. 

3. Options fully vest after one year. 

Employment Agreements 

 During fiscal year 2012, three executive officers were employed
under employment agreements. 

Those executive officers are: 

Chief Executive
 Officer and General
 Counsel 

President/Chief
 Operating Officer
 of CUI, Inc., a
 wholly owned subsidiary
 of CUI Global,
 Inc. and Chief
 Operating Officer
 of CUI Global,
 Inc. 

Chief Financial
 Officer of CUI
 Global, Inc. and
 CUI, Inc., a wholly
 owned subsidiary
 of CUI Global,
 Inc. 

To see the material terms of each named executive officer s
employment agreement, please see the footnotes to the Summary Compensation Table. 

Compensation Committee Report 

 We have reviewed and discussed the foregoing Compensation Discussion
and Analysis with management. Based on our review and discussion with management, we have recommended to the Board of Directors
that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2012. 

Submitted by: 
 Compensation Committee 

Colton R. Melby , Chairman 

Corey A. Lambrecht 

56 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding
beneficial ownership of our Voting Shares as of the date of this report by: (i) each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial
owner of 5 or more of the outstanding voting shares, (ii) each of our directors and executives and (iii) all directors and executive
officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, we believe that the beneficial owners of the Voting Shares listed below, based
on information furnished by such owners, have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares, subject to community
property laws where applicable. Shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options and warrants that are currently exercisable
or that will become exercisable within 60 days of filing this document have been included in the table. 

Effective September 17, 2012, the Board of Directors passed
a resolution eliminating and discontinuing all Series A and B Convertible Preferred and Series C Preferred stock and requiring
that all preferred stock shall be returned to the Company treasury. As of December 31, 2012, no shares of Series B and Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. 

BENEFICIAL INTEREST TABLE 

Common Stock 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number 
 Percent of Class (2) 
 Percent of All Voting Securities
 (3) 
 
 Colton Melby (4) 
 384,721 
 3.53 
 3.53 
 
 William J. Clough (5) 
 125,621 
 1.14 
 1.14 
 
 Thomas A. Price (6) 
 68,067 

Sean P. Rooney (7) 
 17,173 

Corey Lambrecht (8) 
 11,400 

Matthew M McKenzie (9) 
 45,847 

Daniel N. Ford (10) 
 32,214 

Manchester Management Company, LLC (11) 
 664,154 
 6.10 
 6.10 
 
 Officers, Directors, Executives as Group 
 685,043 
 6.17 
 6.17 

Footnotes: 

1. Except as otherwise indicated,
 the address of each beneficial
 owner is c/o CUI Global, Inc.,
 20050 SW 112th Avenue, Tualatin,
 Oregon 97062. 

2. Calculated on the basis
 of 10,883,280 shares of common
 stock issued and outstanding
 at December 31, 2012 except
 that shares of common stock
 underlying options and warrants
 exercisable within 60 days of
 the date hereof are deemed to
 be outstanding for purposes
 of calculating the beneficial
 ownership of securities of such
 holder of options or warrants. 

3. Calculated on the basis
 of 10,883,280 shares of common
 stock with one vote per share;
 shares of common stock underlying
 options exercisable within 60
 days of the date hereof are
 deemed to be outstanding for
 purposes of calculating the
 beneficial ownership of securities
 of such holder of options or
 warrants. 

4. Colton Melby controls the
 investment decisions of a limited
 liability company that owns
 the securities. The limited
 liability company is owned by
 a limited partnership in which
 Mr. Melby owns an indirect interest.
 Mr. Melby's common stock includes
 vested options to purchase 11,400
 common shares. Mr. Melby is
 Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

57 

5. Mr. Clough's common stock
 includes vested options to purchase
 112,288 common shares. Mr. Clough
 is a Director and Chief Executive
 Officer/President of CUI Global,
 Inc. 

6. Mr. Price's shares included
 vested options to purchase 11,400
 common shares. Mr. Price is
 a Director. 

7. Mr. Rooney's shares include
 vested options to purchase 11,400
 common shares. Mr. Rooney is
 a Director. 

8. Mr. Lambrecht's shares include
 vested options to purchase 11,400
 common shares. Mr. Lambrecht
 is a Director. 

9. Mr. McKenzie's shares include
 vested options to purchase 38,420
 common shares. Mr. McKenzie
 is a Director, Chief Operating
 Officer of CUI Global, Inc.
 Mr. McKenzie's securities include
 an option to purchase 2,796
 shares owned by his spouse. 

10. Mr. Ford's shares include
 vested options to purchase
 20,210 common shares. Mr. Ford
 is the Chief Financial Officer
 of CUI Global, Inc. 

11. The securities are beneficially
 owned by both Manchester Management
 Company, LLC and James E. Besser. 

We relied upon Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
as the basis for an exemption from registration for the issuance of the above securities. 

58 

Employee Equity Incentive Plans 

At December 31, 2012, the Company had outstanding the following
equity compensation plan information: 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding
 options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighter-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants
 and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuances under
 equity compensation plans (excluding securities 
 reflected in column (a) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 49,917 
 5.47 
 1,329,833 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 632,224 
 6.54 
 649,250 
 
 Total 
 682,141 
 6.47 
 1,979,083 

Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Shareholders 

 On May 16, 2008 the Company s
Board of Directors adopted the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan and authorized 1,500,000 shares of Common Stock to fund the Plan.
At the 2008 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on September 15, 2008, the Equity Incentive Plan was approved by the Company shareholders.
At the 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on September 29, 2009, the shareholders approved an amendment to the 2008 Equity
Incentive Plan to increase the number of common shares issuable under the plan from 1,500,000 to 3,000,000. All of these shares
 have been registered under Form S-8. 

The 2008 Equity Incentive Plan is intended to: (a) provide
incentive to employees of the Company and its affiliates to stimulate their efforts toward the continued success of the Company
and to operate and manage the business in a manner that will provide for the long-term growth and profitability of the Company;
(b) encourage stock ownership by employees, directors and independent contractors by providing them with a means to acquire a
proprietary interest in the Company by acquiring shares of Stock or to receive compensation which is based upon appreciation in
the value of Stock; and (c) provide a means of obtaining and rewarding employees, directors, independent contractors and advisors. 

The 2008
 Equity Incentive Plan provides for the issuance of incentive stock options (ISOs) and Non
Statutory Options (NSOs) to employees, directors and independent contractors of the Company. The
Board shall determine the exercise price per share in the case of an ISO at the time an option is granted and such price shall
be not less than the fair market value or 110 of fair market value in the case of a ten percent or greater stockholder. In the
case of an NSO, the exercise price shall not be less than the fair market value of one share of stock on the date the option is
granted. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, ISOs and NSOs granted under the both plans have a maximum duration of 10 years. 

59 

Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Shareholders 

 In January 2009 the Company Board of Directors received and
approved a written report and recommendations of the Compensation Committee which included a detailed
executive equity compensation report and market analysis and the recommendations of Compensia,
Inc., a management consulting firm that provides executive compensation advisory services to compensation committees and senior
management of knowledge-based companies. The Compensation Committee used the report and analysis as a basis for its formal written
recommendation to the board. Pursuant to a board resolution the 2009 Equity Incentive
Plan (Executive), a Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, was created and funded with 4,200,000 shares of 0.001 par value common stock.
The Compensation Committee was appointed as the Plan Administrator to manage the plan. 

October 11, 2010, the Board of Directors
authorized an additional 3,060,382 options under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive). Options granted are presented at
post reverse quantities. On October 11, 2010, 3,300 options were granted to each director of the Company with an exercise price
of 9.00 per share and vesting one year after the October 11, 2010 date of grant. Two employees who also serve as directors received
52,277 bonus options as employees and 29,936 stock options were granted to corporate officers and employees. The employee bonus
options have an exercise price of 9.00 per share and vest over four years, 25 at year one and
thereafter in equal monthly installments . 

The 2009
Equity Incentive Plan (Executive) provides for the issuance of stock options to attract, retain and motivate executive and management
employees and directors and to encourage these individuals to acquire an equity interest in the Company, to make monetary payments
to certain management employees and directors based upon the value of the Company s stock and to provide these individuals
with an incentive to maximize the success of the Company and further the interest of the shareholders. The 2009 Plan provides
for the issuance of Incentive Non Statutory Options. The Administrator of the plan is authorized to determine the exercise
price per share at the time the option is granted, but the exercise price shall not be less than the fair market value on the
date the option is granted. Stock options granted under the 2009 Plan have a maximum duration of 10 years. 

The Company has outstanding at December 31, 2012, the following
options issued under equity compensation plans not approved by security holders: 

During 2009, the Company issued under the 2009 Equity Incentive
Plan (Executive) to officers and directors options to purchase restricted common stock at 7.50 per share as follows: 85,009 fully
vested shares; 28,800 shares that vest over four years, 25 at year one and thereafter in equal monthly installments; and 19,800
shares that fully vested one year after the date of grant. 

During 2010 the Company issued under the 2009
Equity Incentive Plan (Executive) to officers and directors options to purchase restricted common stock at 9.00 per share as
follows: 19,800 options that vest one year after the 10/11/2010 grant date and 82,213 options that vest over four years, 25 at
one year after the grant date, thereafter in equal monthly installments. 

During 2012 the Company issued under the 2009
Equity Incentive Plan (Executive) to officers and directors options to purchase restricted common stock at 4.56 per share as
follows: 19,800 options that vest one year after the April 16, 2012 grant date and 64,875 options that vest over four years, 25 
at one year after the grant date, thereafter in equal monthly installments. Additionally, on September 21, 2012, the Board
of Directors authorized 330,000 options under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive) that were granted at 6.00 per share
to an officer that vest in equal monthly installments over the course of forty-eight consecutive months beginning September 2012. 

60 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence 

Except as set forth herein, none of the Company s directors
or officers nor any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 10 of the voting rights attached
to its outstanding shares, nor any relative or spouse of any of the foregoing persons, since the beginning of fiscal year 2012,
has any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction or in any presently proposed transaction where the amount involved
exceeds 120,000 which has or will materially affect the Company. 

IED and Other Affiliates Related Matters 

 Effective May 16, 2008 the Company formed a wholly owned subsidiary
into which CUI, Inc., an Oregon corporation, merged all of its assets. The funding for this acquisition was provided by a bank
note, a seller s note and a convertible seller s note. Matthew McKenzie, COO and Daniel Ford, CFO each were partial
owners in CUI, Inc. prior to the acquisition and they each, along with James McKenzie are shareholders in International Electronic
Devices, Inc. (IED). The convertible seller s note was satisfied in 2010. 

The acquisition of CUI utilized a 14,000,000
 seller s promissory
 note issued to International
 Electronic Devices, Inc. (IED), the former CUI shareholders,
 payable monthly over three years at 30,000 per month including
 1.7 annual simple interest with a balloon payment at the
 thirty sixth monthly payment, no prepayment penalty, annual
 success fee of 2.3 payable within three years, right of first
 refusal to the note payees relating to any private capital
 raising transactions of CUI Global during the term of the
 note. Effective September 1, 2010, the Company and the holder
 of the 14,000,000 promissory note agreed to reduce the note
 principal by 1,588,063 and accrued interest by 724,729 and
 to restructure the interest rate and payment terms. The forgiveness
 of debt and accrued interest of 2,312,792 was recognized
 as a contribution of additional paid in capital. With this
 amendment, the Company agreed to pay 1,200,000 of the principal
 balance during the fourth quarter of 2010 and an additional
 487,208 of the principal balance during the first quarter
 of 2011. The new terms set the interest rate at 6 per annum
 with monthly interest payments and a May 15, 2018 balloon
 payment. 

During 2012 and 2011, 3,468,221 and 1,110,809,
respectively, in principal and interest payments were made in relation to the promissory notes issued to IED. The 2012 payment
utilized 3,000,000 from the equity sale proceeds for the repayment of principal. The 2011 payment included a note receivable
balance of 192,508 held by CUI Global that was conveyed to IED, Inc. and applied towards the promissory note balance in accordance
with a settlement agreement. 

Leased Office and Warehouse 

 As an integrated part of the
CUI asset acquisition, the CUI Global, Inc. corporate offices were relocated to the CUI location at 20050 SW 112th Avenue, Tualatin,
Oregon 97062. CUI and CUI Global occupy the 61,380 square feet of offices and warehouse premises under a ten year non-cancelable
lease agreement beginning September 1, 2006 with Barakel, LLC (a related party) at a base monthly rent subject to periodic base
payment increases plus real property taxes, utilities, insurance and common area maintenance charges. During the year ended December
31, 2012, the monthly base rent was 40,250 in accordance with the lease schedule. During the period January 1 through
August 31, 2011, the monthly base rent was 40,000 and increased in accordance with the lease schedule to 40,250 for the period
September 1 through December 31, 2011. Barakel, LLC is controlled by James McKenzie, majority
owner of CUI, Inc. prior to acquisition and Matt McKenzie, COO and Director of the Company. 

61 

Matters Relating to the Bank Note 

 The 6,000,000 bank note utilized in the acquisition of CUI
Inc. as noted above was secured by personal guarantees in the form of Letters of Credit in favor of the Commerce Bank of Oregon.
In consideration for posting the Letters of Credit, the Company issued to each individual who supplied a Letter of Credit, warrants
to purchase, within 3 years at a per share price of 0.30, one CUI Global common share for every thirty dollars 30) of the Letter
of Credit. The warrants became fully vested at the second anniversary date. A former officer of the Company, Clifford Melby, received
a 10,000 share warrant which was exercised August 17, 2010; a former director, John Rouse, received a 10,000 share warrant which
was exercised December 16, 2010; a director, Colton Melby (through an entity in which Colton Melby controls the investment decisions),
received a 13,333 share warrant which was exercised August 18, 2010; a director, Thomas A. Price, received a 23,333 share warrant
which was exercised April 19, 2011; an owner of 10 of the voting rights attached to outstanding shares, Kjell H. Qvale Survivors
Trust, received a 133,333 share warrant which was exercised May 13, 2011; and a 10,000 share warrant was issued to an individual
investor, which was exercised May 4, 2011. 

In August 2010, the Company received 2,000,000 in equity investment
for which the Company issued 631,314 shares of common stock at 3.168 per share. The 2,000,000 received was used to pay down
the 6,000,000 bank loan with Commerce Bank, bringing the net loan balance to 4,000,000. The 631,314 shares of common stock were
issued as follows: 284,091 to an investor, 126,263 to an entity controlled by a director, Colton Melby, 126,263 to a director,
Thomas A. Price, and 94,697 to a former officer of the Company. Also in August 2010, the Company
replaced the 4,000,000 cash loan from Commerce Bank of Oregon with a 4,000,000 term note through the Business Credit division
of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, with a July 31, 2012 maturity date, paying interest only
at an interest rate equal to the daily three month LIBOR plus 4.00 and secured by personal letters of credit from a related party.
 In February 2012, the company utilized 4,000,000 from the 2012 equity raises to repay the principal balance in full. The
balance remaining at December 31, 2012 and 2011 on the term note with Wells Fargo was 0 and 4,000,000. 

Short Term Convertible Loan 

 In July 2011, a CUI Global officer, Daniel N. Ford, provided
a short term convertible loan of 35,000 to the Company which accrues interest at 6 per annum, convertible at 5.10 per common
share. The balance of this loan was paid in full during 2012 following the receipt of proceeds from the equity raise. The balance
remaining at December 31, 2012 is 0. 

Item 14. Principal Accountants Fees and Services 

 Compensation of Auditors 

 The financial statements of the Company, which are furnished
herein as of December 31, 2012, have been audited by Liggett, Vogt Webb, P. A., Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm. Liggett, Vogt Webb, P. A. billed the Company an aggregate of 113,134 in fees and expenses for professional services
rendered in connection with the audit of the Company s financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012
and the reviews of the financial statements included in each of the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q during the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. Liggett, Vogt Webb, P. A. billed the Company an aggregate of 134,968
 in fees and expenses for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of the Company s financial statements
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 and the reviews of the financial statements included in each of the Company s
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011. Liggett, Vogt Webb, P.A. billed audit related
fees, tax fees, or other fees of 0 and 5,276 during the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

62 

In accordance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Audit Committee has adopted an informal approval policy that
it believes will result in an effective and efficient procedure to pre-approve services performed by the independent registered
public accounting firm. 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are included as part of this Form 10-K. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.9 2 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation increasing the authorized
 common shares from 200,000,000 to 325,000,000, filed September 17, 2009. 
 
 3.10 4 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation showing corporate name change
 to CUI Global, Inc. 
 
 10.32 4 
 
 Amendment to 14,000,000 Convertible Promissory Note effective September 1,
 2010. 
 
 10.33 4 
 
 Agreement for Accord and Satisfaction of an Undisputed Debt dated April 1,
 2010. 
 
 10.34 5 
 
 Agreement for the sale of certain intellectual property rights dated September
 2, 2011. 
 
 10.35 6 
 
 July 1, 2011 binding LOI for CUI Global to convey its
 49 ownership interest in Comex Electronics to the owners of the remaining 51 of Comex Electronics. 
 
 10.36 6 
 
 Comex divestiture payment schedule, effective July
 1, 2011. 
 
 10.37 6 
 
 July 11, 2011 Memorandum of Understanding with Ericsson.

10.38 6 
 
 March 5, 2010 Exclusive Field of Use Agreement with
 California Power Research to license their BPS-5 topology, now marketed as Solus Topology. Confidential portion(s) of this
 document have been redacted pursuant to protection as confidential under Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information
 Act, 5 U.S.C. 552(b)(4). A request for confidential treatment has been filed separately with the SEC. 
 
 10.39 6 
 
 September 18, 2009 non-exclusive Field of Use Agreement
 with Power-One, Inc. to license Power-One s Digital Power Technology patent. Confidential portion(s) of this document
 have been redacted pursuant to protection as confidential under Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act,
 5 U.S.C. 552(b)(4). A request for confidential treatment has been filed separately with the SEC. 
 
 10.47 6 
 
 April 20, 2009 exclusive Licensing Agreement with AnderMotion
 Technologies LLC to manufacture, sell and distribute motion control devices utilizing the AMT encoder technology. 
 
 10.41 6 
 
 December 1, 2009 exclusive License Agreement with GL
 Industrial Services UK, Ltd. through which CUI Global owns exclusive rights to manufacture, sell and distribute a Gas Quality
 Inferential Measurement Device (Vergence) designed by GL on a worldwide basis. Confidential portion(s) of this document have
 been redacted pursuant to protection as confidential under Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C.
 552(b)(4). A request for confidential treatment has been filed separately with the SEC. 
 
 10.42 6 
 
 October 21, 2011 exclusive three-year Distribution
 Agreement with Orbital-UK for distribution of the Vergence technology within the United Kingdom. Confidential portion(s) of
 this document have been redacted pursuant to protection as confidential under Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information
 Act, 5 U.S.C. 552(b)(4). A request for confidential treatment has been filed separately with the SEC. 

63 

10.43 6 
 January 16, 2012 exclusive three-year distribution
 agreement with SOCRATE s.p.a for distribution of the Vergence technology for Italy and North Africa. Confidential portion(s)
 of this document have been redacted pursuant to protection as confidential under Exemption 4 of the Freedom of
 Information Act, 5 U.S.C. 552(b)(4). A request for confidential treatment has been filed separately with the SEC. 
 
 10.44 6 
 November 1, 2011 two year Manufacturing Agreement with Agilent
 Technologies Singapore International for the sale of product to Agilent. Confidential portion(s) of this document have been
 redacted pursuant to protection as confidential under Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C.
 552(b)(4). A request for confidential treatment has been filed separately with the SEC. 
 
 10.46 6 
 April 1, 2009 exclusive world-wide Distribution Agreement with
 Digi-Key Corporation. 
 
 10.46 6 
 March 18, 2011 Contract Manufacturing Agreement with Ingenion Design,
 Ltd. 
 
 10.47 6 
 June 5, 2012 three year Distributor Agreement with Belleau Wood
 Group. Confidential portion(s) of this document have been redacted pursuant to protection as confidential under
 Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. 552(b)(4). A request for confidential treatment has been filed
 separately with the SEC. 
 
 10.48 6 
 September 1, 2007, Lease Agreement with Barakel, LLC for the corporate
 location in Tualatin, OR. 
 
 10.49 6 
 July 26, 2010, line of credit document with the Business Credit
 division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, Credit and Security Agreement. 
 
 10.50 6 
 July 26, 2010, line of credit document with the Business Credit
 division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, Revolving Note. 
 
 10.51 6 
 July 26, 2010, line of credit document with the Business Credit
 division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, Security Agreement. 
 
 10.52 6 
 May 27, 2011, line of credit document with the Business Credit
 division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, Subordination Agreement. 
 
 10.53 6 
 August 23, 2010, line of credit document with the Business Credit
 division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, Term Note. 
 
 10.54 6 
 August 9, 2010, line of credit document with the Business Credit
 division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, Patent and Trademark Security Agreement. 
 
 10.56 6 
 January 25, 2011, line of credit document with the Business Credit
 division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, First Amendment to the Credit and Security Agreement. 
 
 10.56 6 
 April 12, 2011, line of credit document with the Business Credit
 division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, Second Amendment to the Credit and Security Agreement. 
 
 10.57 6 
 May 24, 2011, line of credit document with the Business Credit
 division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, Third Amendment to the Credit and Security Agreement. 
 
 10.58 6 
 November 29, 2011, line of credit document with the Business Credit
 division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, Fourth Amendment to the Credit and Security Agreement. 
 
 10.59 6 
 December 21, 2011, line of credit document with the Business Credit
 division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, Fifth Amendment to the Credit and Security Agreement. 
 
 10.60 6 
 May 15, 2008 Employment Agreement of Daniel N. Ford and Addendum
 A dated July 1, 2010. 
 
 10.61 6 
 May 15, 2008 Employment Agreement of Matthew M. McKenzie and Addendum
 A dated July 1, 2010. 
 
 10.62 6 
 August 1, 2012 Addendum D to the employment Agreement
 of William J. Clough. 
 
 10.63 6 
 Amendment to promissory note payable to IED, Inc., effective September
 1, 2010. 
 
 10.64 6 
 Amendment to promissory note payable to IED, Inc., effective December
 1, 2010. 

64 

10.65 6 
 Amendment to promissory payable to Central Finance,
 LLC, managed by a former officer, dated September 30, 2010. 
 
 10.66 6 
 Satisfaction of promissory note payable to Central Finance, LLC
 dated December 15, 2011. 
 
 10.67 6 
 July 28, 2011 Promissory note payable to Daniel N. Ford, CFO. 
 
 10.68 6 
 November 3, 2010 Purchase Sales Agreement with Tensility International
 Corporation, controlled by a sibling of an officer and director. 
 
 10.69 6 
 October 28, 2011 Finder s Fee Agreement with Test Products
 International, Inc. and James McKenzie, a related party. 
 
 10.71 7 
 April 3, 2012, line of credit document with the Business Credit division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, Sixth Amendment to
the Credit and Security Agreement. 
 
 10.72 7 
 December 7, 2012, line of credit document with the Business Credit division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, Seventh Amendment
to the Credit and Security Agreement. 
 
 14.1 1 
 Waytronx, Inc. Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Financial Officers and Waytronx,
 Inc. Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Statement of General Policy. 
 
 21.1 3 
 List of all subsidiaries, state of incorporation and name under which the subsidiary does
 business. 
 
 22.8 
 Proxy Statement and Notice of 2012 Annual Shareholder Meeting filed
 August 23, 2012. 
 
 31.1 8 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 31.2 8 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 32.1 8 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)/15d-14(b) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 32.2 8 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)/15d-14(b) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 100 8 
 XBRL-Related Documents. 

Footnotes to Exhibits: 

1 
 Incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement and Notice of 2005
 Annual Shareholder Meeting filed with the Commission October 7, 2005. 

2 
 Incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement and Notice of 2008 Annual Shareholder
 Meeting filed with the Commission July 3, 2008. 

3 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form S-3 filed with the Commission on August 17, 2009. 

4 
 Incorporated by reference to our Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March
 31, 2011. 

5 
 Incorporated by reference to our Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March
 26, 2012. 

6 
 Incorporated by reference to our Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January
 18, 2013. 

7 
 Incorporated by reference to our Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 14, 2013. 

8 
 Filed herewith. 

Reports on Form 8-K. 

The following documents that we filed
with the SEC are incorporated herein by reference: 

(a) A report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2012 reporting Regulation
 FD Disclosure. 

(b) A report on Form 8-K filed on January 12, 2012 reporting entry
 into a material definitive agreement to sell a portion of the
 company s patent portfolio. 

(c) A report on Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2012 reporting Regulation
 FD Disclosure. 

(d) A report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2012 reporting
 the effective date of the company s common stock reverse
 split, up-listing to The Nasdaq Stock Market under
 the trading symbol CUI and the Form S-1 registration
 statement. 

(e) A report on Form 8-K was filed on January 18, 2018, 2013 reporting
 material definitive agreements pursuant to 17 C.F.R. 229.601 (Item
 601) Exhibits. 

65 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

CUI Global, Inc. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ William J. Clough 
 
 CEO/President/Director 
 
 February 19, 2013 
 
 William J. Clough 

/s/ Daniel N. Ford 
 
 CFO/ Principal 
 
 February 19, 2013 
 
 Daniel N. Ford 
 
 Accounting Officer 

/s/ Sean P. Rooney 
 
 Audit Committee/Director 
 
 February 19, 2013 
 
 Sean P. Rooney 

66 

CUI Global, Inc. 

 Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2012 and 2011 

67 

CUI Global, Inc. 

Contents 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and Loss 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-6 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-8 F-9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-10 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
of: 

 CUI Global, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of CUI Global, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the related 
 statements of operations and comprehensive income and loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements referred to above present fairly in all material respects, the financial position of CUI Global, Inc. as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December
31, 2012 and 2011 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

LIGGETT, VOGT WEBB, P.A. 

 Certified Public Accountants 

Boynton Beach, Florida 

 February
19, 2013 

F- 2 

CUI Global, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2012
and 2011 

December 31, 2012 
 December 31, 
 2011 

Assets: 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 3,039,840 
 176,775 
 
 Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance of 130,000 and 125,000, respectively 
 4,965,926 
 3,694,641 
 
 Inventories, net of allowance of 250,000 and 240,000, respectively 
 4,843,905 
 3,563,111 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other 
 378,885 
 683,101 
 
 Total current assets 
 13,228,556 
 8,117,628 

Property and equipment, net 
 1,016,219 
 910,810 

Other assets: 

Investment - equity method 
 258,244 
 198,621 
 
 Other Intangible assets, net 
 8,618,524 
 8.967,041 
 
 Deposits and other 
 11,360 
 92,216 
 
 Notes receivable, net 
 501,422 
 529,706 
 
 Debt offering costs, net 
 42,778 
 116,111 
 
 Goodwill 
 13,046,358 
 13,046,358 
 
 Total other assets 
 22,478,686 
 22,950,053 
 
 Total assets 
 36,723,461 
 31,978,491 

Liabilities and stockholders' equity: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 
 2,496,881 
 2,114,029 
 
 Preferred stock dividends payable 
 - 
 5,054 
 
 Line of credit 
 459,448 
 1,528,900 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 1,142,839 
 1,197,395 
 
 Accrued compensation 
 186,636 
 126,672 
 
 Unearned revenue 
 371,541 
 70,755 
 
 Note payable, current portion due 
 - 
 4,000,000 
 
 Convertible note payable, related party, current portion due 
 - 
 35,000 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 4,657,345 
 9,077,805 
 
 Long term note payable, related party, net of current portion due 
 7,303,683 
 10,303,683 
 
 Total long term liabilities 
 7,303,683 
 10,303,683 
 
 Total liabilities 
 11,961,028 
 19,381,488 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, par value 0.001; 0 and 10,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible Series A preferred stock, 0 and 5,000,000 shares authorized, 0 and 50,543 shares issued and outstanding liquidation preference of 0 and 50,543 at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively 
 - 
 51 
 
 Convertible Series B preferred stock, 0 and 30,000 shares authorized, and no shares outstanding at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible Series C preferred stock, 0 and 10,000 shares authorized, and no shares outstanding at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value 0.001; 325,000,000 and 325,000,000 shares authorized and 10,883,280 and 7,134,856 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively 
 10,883 
 7,315 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 100,947,708 
 86,217,169 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (76,171,822 
 (73,645,501 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive gain (loss) 
 (24,336 
 17,969 
 
 Total stockholders' equity 
 24,762,433 
 12,597,003 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 36,723,461 
 31,978,491 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 3 

CUI Global, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2012
and 2011 

2012 
 2011 
 
 Revenues: 

Product Sales 
 41,031,050 
 38,877,698 
 
 Revenue from freight 
 53,539 
 60,628 
 
 Total revenue 
 41,084,589 
 38,938,326 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 25,707,893 
 24,133,073 

Gross profit 
 15,376,696 
 14,805,253 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 
 16,221,373 
 13,347,853 
 
 Research and development 
 791,332 
 716,321 
 
 Bad debt 
 65,763 
 82,192 
 
 Impairment of intangible, trademark and trade name V-Infinity 
 278,428 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 17,356,896 
 14,146,366 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 
 (1,980,200 
 658,887 

Other income (expense) 

Other income 
 95,069 
 53,657 
 
 Other expense 
 (18,567 
 (38,678 
 
 Gain on sale of technology rights 
 - 
 143,636 
 
 Earnings from equity investment 
 59,623 
 41,472 
 
 Interest expense - amortization of debt offering costs and debt discount 
 (73,333 
 (334,747 
 
 Interest expense 
 (575,199 
 (918,189 
 
 Total other income (expense), net 
 (512,407 
 (1,052,849 

Loss from continuing operations before taxes 
 (2,492,607 
 (393,962 
 
 Provision for taxes 
 33,714 
 29,810 
 
 Consolidated loss from continuing operations 
 (2,526,321 
 (423,772 
 
 Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

(Loss) from discontinued operations 
 - 
 (160,153 
 
 Gain on divestment of Comex Electronics 
 - 
 603,034 
 
 Net income from discontinued operations 
 - 
 442,881 
 
 Consolidated Net income (loss) 
 (2,526,321 
 19,109 
 
 Less: Net income from
 discontinued operations - noncontrolling interest 
 - 
 67,872 

Net (loss) allocable to common stockholders 
 (2,526,321 
 (48,763 

Basic and diluted (loss) per common share from continuing operations 
 (0.25 
 (0.06 
 
 Basic and diluted income
 per common share from discontinued operations - attributable to CUI Global, Inc. 
 - 
 0.05 
 
 Basic and diluted (loss) per common share 
 (0.25 
 (0.01 
 
 Basic weighted average common and common equivalents shares outstanding 
 10,175,989 
 7,249,180 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 4 

CUI Global, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income and Loss 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2012
and 2011 

2012 
 2011 
 
 Net (loss) allocable to common stockholders 
 (2,526,321 
 (48,763 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 (42,305 
 68,779 
 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 
 (2,568,626 
 20,016 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 5 

CUI Global, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in
Stockholders Equity 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2012
and 2011 

Series A Preferred Stock and 

Common Stock and 

Preferred Stock Issuable 
 Series B Preferred Stock 
 Series C Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock Issuable 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2010 
 50,543 
 51 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,136,523 
 7,137 
 
 Warrants
 and options granted for services and compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued for options and warrants exercised in exchange for cash and accrued compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 166,936 
 167 
 
 Common
 stock issued for services and compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,957 
 11 
 
 Fractional
 Shares that were Rounded Up as a Result of the Reverse-Split 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 97 
 - 
 
 Noncontrolling
 interest divestment of Comex Electronics Ltd. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss
 for the year ended December 31, 2011 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Less
 Non-controlling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other
 comprehensive gain 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2011 
 50,543 
 51 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,314,513 
 7,315 
 
 Warrants
 and options granted for services and compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued for options and warrants exercised in exchange for cash and accrued compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,071 
 10 
 
 Common
 stock issued for the conversion of Preferred Stock and accrued preferred stock dividends 
 (50,543 
 (51 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 9,661 
 9 
 
 Issuance
 of common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,359,887 
 3,360 
 
 Common
 stock issued for services and compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 188,096 
 188 
 
 Common
 stock issued for royalties 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,052 
 1 
 
 Fractional
 Shares that were Rounded Up as a Result of the Reverse-Split 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss
 for the year ended December 31, 2012 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other
 comprehensive (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2012 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,883,280 
 10,883 

F- 6 

Total 

Additional 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 
 Accumulated Other 
 Stockholders' 

Paid-in capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2010 
 85,939,480 
 - 
 (73,596,738 
 (346,344 
 (50,810 
 11,952,776 
 
 Warrants and options granted for services and compensation 
 166,367 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 166,367 
 
 Common stock issued for options and warrants exercised in exchange for cash and accrued compensation 
 49,833 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 50,000 
 
 Common stock issued for services and compensation 
 61,489 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 61,500 
 
 Fractional Shares that were Rounded Up as a Result of the Reverse-Split 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Noncontrolling interest divestment of Comex Electronics Ltd. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 278,472 
 - 
 278,472 
 
 Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2011 
 - 
 - 
 (48,763 
 - 
 - 
 (48,763 
 
 Less Non-controlling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 67,872 
 - 
 67,872 
 
 Other comprehensive gain 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 68,779 
 68,779 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2011 
 86,217,169 
 - 
 (73,645,501 
 - 
 17,969 
 12,597,003 
 
 Warrants and options granted for services and compensation 
 232,785 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 232,785 
 
 Common stock issued for options and warrants exercised in exchange for cash and accrued compensation 
 3,011 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,021 
 
 Common stock issued for the conversion of Preferred Stock and accrued preferred stock dividends 
 5,095 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,053 
 
 Issuance of common stock 
 13,525,903 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 13,529,263 
 
 Common stock issued for services and compensation 
 957,108 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 957,296 
 
 Common stock issued for royalties 
 6,637 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,638 
 
 Fractional Shares that were Rounded Up as a Result of the Reverse-Split 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2012 
 - 
 - 
 (2,526,321 
 - 
 - 
 (2,526,321 
 
 Other comprehensive (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (42,305 
 (42,305 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2012 
 100,947,708 
 - 
 (76,171,822 
 - 
 (24,336 
 24,762,433 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 7 

CUI Global, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2012
and 2011 

2012 
 2011 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (loss) - attributable to common stockholders 
 (2,526,321 
 (48,763 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Stock based compensation 
 1,190,081 
 227,867 
 
 Non-cash interest expense, including amortization of beneficial conversion value, warrant related debt discounts and intrinsic value of convertible debt and amortization of debt discount and amortization of debt offering costs 
 73,333 
 334,747 
 
 Earnings in equity investment 
 (59,623 
 (41,472 
 
 Bad debt expense 
 65,763 
 82,192 
 
 Amortization of technology rights 
 26,510 
 245,144 
 
 Amortization of patent costs 
 664 
 333 
 
 Amortization of website development 
 13,718 
 4,328 
 
 Amortization of intangible, trademark and trade name V-Infinity 
 109,540 
 - 
 
 Impairment of intangible, trademark and trade name V-Infinity 
 278,428 
 - 
 
 Inventory reserve 
 10,000 
 75,995 
 
 Gain on sale of technology rights 
 - 
 (143,636 
 
 Loss on disposal of assets 
 - 
 1,563 
 
 Net income - noncontrolling interest in discontinued operations 
 - 
 67,872 
 
 Depreciation 
 579,861 
 520,959 
 
 (Increase) decrease in assets: 

Trade accounts receivable 
 (1,337,048 
 107,902 
 
 Inventory 
 (1,290,794 
 96,535 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 285,690 
 (335,302 
 
 Deposits and other assets 
 80,856 
 (29,001 
 
 Increase (decrease) in liabilities: 

Accounts payable 
 382,852 
 356,347 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 (47,919 
 (391,289 
 
 Accrued compensation 
 59,964 
 (272,341 
 
 Unearned revenue 
 300,786 
 725 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) CONTINUING OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 (1,803,659 
 860,705 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED BY DISCONTINUED OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 - 
 22,141 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Investment in patents 
 - 
 (6,646 
 
 Investment in other intangible assets, net 
 (80,343 
 (37,418 
 
 Proceeds from Notes receivable 
 46,808 
 63,506 
 
 Proceeds from sales of technology rights 
 - 
 425,000 
 
 Purchase of property and equipment 
 (685,269 
 (422,970 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) CONTINUING INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 (718,804 
 21,472 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED BY DISCONTINUED INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 - 
 195,278 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Payments to demand notes payable, net of proceeds 
 (1,069,452 
 (20,879 
 
 Payments to notes and loans payable, net of proceeds 
 (4,000,000 
 (481,326 
 
 Proceeds from (payments to) convertible notes payable, related party 
 (35,000 
 35,000 
 
 Payments on notes and loans payable, related party 
 (3,000,000 
 (300,000 
 
 Proceeds from sales of common stock, and exercise of warrants and options, net of offering costs 
 13,532,285 
 50,000 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) CONTINUING FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 5,427,833 
 (717,205 
 
 NET CASH (USED IN) DISCONTINUED FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 - 
 (648,218 
 
 EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH 
 (42,305 
 68,779 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 176,775 
 373,823 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 3,039,840 
 176,775 
 
 NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 2,863,065 
 (197,048 

(continued) 

F- 8 

For the years ended December 31, 

2012 
 2011 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Income taxes paid 
 72,630 
 39,264 

Interest paid 
 597,814 
 917,216 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Amortization of debt offering costs 
 73,333 
 334,747 

Royalties paid in common stock 
 6,638 
 - 

Conversion of accrued liabilities to common stock 
 5,054 
 - 

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock 
 51 
 - 

Common stock issued for consulting services and compensation and accrued liabilities payable in common stock 
 957,295 
 61,500 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 9 

CUI Global, Inc. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2012 and 2011 

1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

 CUI Global Inc. ("the Company") is a platform company dedicated to maximizing
shareholder value through the acquisition, development and commercialization of new, innovative technologies. Through its subsidiaries,
CUI Global has built a diversified portfolio of industry leading technologies that touch many markets. 

CUI defines its products into three categories: electronic
components including connectors, speakers, buzzers and control solutions including encoders and sensors; power solutions and test and measurement including the Vergence GasPT2 . These offerings provide a technology architecture that addresses
power and related accessories as well as test and measurement capabilities to industries ranging from consumer electronics to defense
and alternative energy. 

In July 2009 CUI Global acquired, as a wholly owned
subsidiary, Comex Instruments, Ltd., now known as CUI Japan and 49 of Comex Electronics, Ltd. Both companies are Japanese based
providers of electronic components. Effective July 1, 2011, CUI Global entered into an agreement to convey its 49 ownership interest
in Comex Electronics to the owners of the remaining 51 who are the original founders and were the original owners of Comex Instruments,
for 617,975 in the form of a five year note receivable bearing interest at 4 per annum. The operations of CUI Japan are not affected
by this divestment. 

F- 10 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 Use of Estimates 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. Significant estimates in 2012 and 2011 include estimates used to review the Company s long-lived assets
for impairment, allowances for uncollectible accounts, inventory valuation, valuations of non-cash capital stock issuances and
the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. 

Principles of Consolidation 

 The consolidated financial statements for 2012 include
the accounts of CUI Global, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries CUI, Inc. and CUI Japan. The consolidated financial statements
for 2011 include the accounts of CUI Global, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries CUI, Inc. and CUI Japan and the discontinued
operations of Comex Electronics through June 30, 2011. Significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

 FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 825 FASB
ASC 825 ), Financial Instruments , requires disclosures of information about the fair value of certain financial
instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that value. For purposes of this disclosure, the fair value of a financial
instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than
in a forced sale or liquidation. 

Management believes the carrying amounts of the
short-term financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, restricted cash, prepaid expense
and other assets, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, notes payable, deferred compensation and other liabilities reflected
in the accompanying balance sheet approximate fair value at December 31, 2012 and 2011 due to the relatively short-term
nature of these instruments. As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company does not have financial assets or liabilities that are measured at fair value
on a recurring basis. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 Cash includes deposits at financial institutions with
maturities of three months or less. The Company at times has cash in banks in excess of FDIC insurance limits and places its temporary
cash investments with high credit quality financial institutions. At December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company had 2,724,922 and
 0 balances at financial institutions which were in excess of the FDIC insured limits. However, at December 31, 2012 the Company
held 64,497 in Japanese foreign bank accounts and 421 in European foreign bank accounts. At December 31, 2011 the Company held
 71,995 in Japanese foreign bank accounts and 62,664 in European foreign bank accounts. 

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts 

 Accounts receivable consist of the
receivables associated with the revenue derived from product sales. An allowance for uncollectible accounts is recorded to
allow for any amounts that may not be recoverable, based on an analysis of prior collection experience, customer credit
worthiness and current economic trends. Based on management s review of accounts receivable, an allowance for doubtful
accounts of 130,000 and 125,000 was recorded at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The reserve in both periods takes
into account aged receivables that management believes should be specifically reserved for as well as historic experience
with bad debts to determine the total reserve appropriate for each period. Receivables are determined to be past due based on
the payment terms of original invoices. The Company grants credit to its customers, with standard terms of Net 30 days. The
Company routinely assesses the financial strength of its customers and, therefore, believes that its accounts receivable
credit risk exposure is limited. Additionally, the Company maintains a foreign credit receivables insurance policy that
covers many of its receivable balances in effort to further reduce credit risk exposure. 

F- 11 

Inventory 

 Inventories consist of finished and un-finished products
and are stated at the lower of cost or market; using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method as a cost flow convention. At December
31, 2012 and 2011 inventory is valued, net of allowances, at 4,843,905 and 3,563,111, respectively. The allowances for inventory
were 250,000 and 240,000 at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. At December 31, 2012, CUI had finished goods of 4,675,032,
raw materials of 365,242, and work in process of 53,631. 

Furniture, Equipment and Software 

 Furniture, equipment and software are recorded at
cost and include major expenditures, which increase productivity or substantially increase useful lives. 

Maintenance, repairs and minor replacements are charged
to expenses when incurred. When furniture and equipment is sold or otherwise disposed of, the asset and related accumulated depreciation
are removed from this account, and any gain or loss is included in the statement of operations. 

The cost of furniture, equipment and software is depreciated
over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method for financial reporting
purposes. The estimated useful lives and accumulated depreciation for furniture, equipment and software are as follows: 

Estimated 
 Useful Life 
 
 Furniture and equipment 
 3 to 7 years 
 
 Software 
 3 to 5 years 

Long-Lived Assets 

 Long-lived assets
and certain identifiable assets related to those assets are periodically reviewed for impairment whenever circumstances and situations
change such that there is an indication that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. In performing the review for recoverability,
the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition are estimated. If the
sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset,
an impairment loss is recognized as the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value. Otherwise, an impairment loss is not
recognized. Management estimates the fair value and the estimated future cash flows expected. Any changes
in these estimates could impact whether there was impairment and the amount of the impairment. There
were 278,428 and 0 of impairment expenses recorded by the Company in 2012 and 2011. 

Identifiable Intangible Assets 

 Intangible assets are stated at cost net of accumulated
amortization and impairment. The fair value for intangible assets acquired through acquisitions is measured at the time of acquisition
utilizing the following inputs, as needed: 

F- 12 

1. Inputs used to measure fair value are unadjusted quote prices available in active markets for the identical assets or liabilities
if available. 

2. Inputs used to measure fair value, other than quoted prices included in 1, are either directly or indirectly observable as
of the reporting date through correlation with market data, including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active
markets and quoted prices in inactive markets. This includes assets and liabilities valued using models or other pricing methodologies
that do not require significant judgment since the input assumptions used in the models, such as interest rates and volatility
factors, are corroborated by readily observable data from actively quoted markets for substantially the full life of the asset. 

3. Inputs used to measure fair value are unobservable inputs supported by little or no market activity and reflect the use of
significant management judgment. These values are generally determined using pricing models for which the assumptions utilize management s
estimates of market participant assumptions. 

4. Expert appraisal and fair value measurement as completed by third party experts. 

Intangible
assets with a determinable finite life, other than goodwill, including technology rights and patents are amortized over an estimated
useful life of 15 years or their estimated useful life if less than 15 years. Technology rights are amortized over a twenty year
life and are reviewed for impairment annually. Patent costs are amortized over the life of the patent. Any patents not approved
will be expensed at that time. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment annually during the second quarter and whenever circumstances
and situations change such that there is an indication that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Through this review
of all known events and circumstances, management concluded that an impairment charge of 278,428 was necessary regarding the Intangible,
trademark and trade name V-Infinity during 2012. The analysis completed
in 2012 determined that there was no other impairment necessary during 2012 to other intangible assets. 

Goodwill Assets 

 As detailed in ASC 350 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other
subsection 20, the Company tests for goodwill impairment in the second quarter of each year and whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value and may not be recoverable. 

As detailed in ASC 350-20-35-3A, in performing
its testing for goodwill impairment, management has completed a qualitative analysis to determine whether it was more likely than not
that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. To complete this review,
management followed the steps in ASC 350-20-35-3C to evaluate the fair values of goodwill and considered
all known events and circumstances that might trigger an impairment of goodwill. The analysis completed in both 2012 and
2011, determined that there was no impairment necessary to goodwill assets. Through the reviews completed in 2012 and 2011,
management concluded that there were no events or circumstances that triggered an impairment (and there was no expectation
that a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit would be sold or otherwise disposed of in the following
year), therefore, no further analysis was necessary to prepare for goodwill impairment beyond the steps in 350-20-35-3C in
accordance with ASU 2011-08. 

F- 13 

CUI Global has adopted ASU 2011-08, which simplifies
how an entity is required to test goodwill for impairment. The ASU allows an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine
whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. Under this ASU, CUI is not required to calculate
the fair value of a reporting unit unless the entity determines, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than
not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. The ASU includes a number of factors to consider in conducting the qualitative
assessment. We adopted ASU 2011-08 during the year ended December 31, 2012. The adoption of ASU 2011-08 did not have an impact
on our consolidated financial statements. 

F- 14 

Investment Equity Method 

 Through the acquisition
of CUI, Inc. the Company obtained 352,589 common shares (representing a 11.54 interest at December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively)
 in Test Products International, Inc., hereafter referred to as TPI. TPI is a provider of handheld
test and measurement equipment. CUI Global enjoys a close association with this affiliate through common Board of Director membership
and participation, that allows for a significant amount of influence over affiliate business decisions. Accordingly, for financial
statement purposes, the Company accounts for its investment in this affiliated entity under the equity method. A summary of the
unaudited financial statements of the affiliate for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 are as follows: 

F- 15 

2012 
 2011 
 
 Current assets 
 6,509,736 
 5,532,030 
 
 Non-current assets 
 540,518 
 577,335 
 
 Total Assets 
 7,050,254 
 6,109,365 

Current liabilities 
 3,272,360 
 2,696,409 
 
 Non-current liabilities 
 1,203,826 
 1,355,370 
 
 Stockholders' equity 
 2,574,068 
 2,057,586 
 
 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 
 7,050,254 
 6,109,365 

Revenues 
 12,538,711 
 12,280,892 
 
 Operating income 
 757,484 
 598,691 
 
 Net profit 
 516,482 
 359,254 
 
 Company share of Net Profit at 11.54 
 59,623 
 41,472 
 
 Equity investment in affiliate 
 258,244 
 198,621 

F- 16 

Stock-Based Compensation 

 The Company accounts for stock based compensation
using FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 718 FASB ASC 718 ), Compensation Stock Compensation .
FASB Codification No. 718 requires the fair value of all stock-based employee compensation awarded to employees to be recorded
as an expense over the related vesting period. The statement also requires the recognition of compensation expense for the fair
value of any unvested stock option awards outstanding at the date of adoption. Employee stock compensation is recorded at fair
value using the Black Scholes Pricing Model. The underlying assumptions used in the Black Scholes Pricing Model by the Company
are taken from publicly available sources including, volatility is calculated using historic stock price information from online
finance websites such as Google Finance and Yahoo Finance, the stock price on the date of grant is obtained from online finance
websites such as those previously noted, appropriate discount rates are obtained from the United States Federal Reserve economic
research and data website and other inputs are determined based on previous experience and related estimates. 

See Note 13 STOCK-BASED EMPLOYEE COMPENSATION for additional disclosure and discussion
of the employee stock plan and activity. 

Common stock, stock options and common stock warrants
issued to other than employees or directors are recorded on the basis of their fair value, as required by FASB ASC 505, which is
measured as of the date required by FASB ASC 505, Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees . In accordance with
FASB ASC 505, the stock options or common stock warrants are valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model on the basis of
the market price of the underlying common stock on the valuation date, which for options and warrants related to
contracts that have substantial disincentives to non-performance is the date of the contract, and for all other contracts is the
vesting date. Expense related to the options and warrants is recognized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the period
over which services are to be received or the vesting period. Where expense must be recognized prior to a valuation date, the expense
is computed under the Black-Scholes option pricing model on the basis of the market price of the underlying common stock at the
end of the period, and any subsequent changes in the market price of the underlying common stock up through the valuation date
is reflected in the expense recorded in the subsequent period in which that change occurs. 

Revenue Recognition 

 The recognition of revenues requires judgment, including
whether a sale includes multiple elements, and if so, whether vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE) of fair value exists for
those elements. Customers receive certain elements of CUI Global products over a period of time. These elements include licensing
rights to manufacture and sell our proprietary patent protected products. The ability to identify VSOE for those elements and the
fair value of the respective elements could materially impact the amount of earned and unearned revenue. CUI Global does not have
any history as to the costs expected to be incurred in granting licensing rights relating to its products. Therefore, revenues
may be recorded that are not in proportion to the costs expected to be incurred in performing these services. 

F- 17 

Revenues from warranty and maintenance activities
are recognized ratably over the term of the warranty and maintenance period and the unrecognized portion is recorded as deferred
revenue. 

Revenues in connection with electronic devices, component,
and test and measurement equipment are recognized at the time the product is shipped to the customer, collectability is reasonably
assumed, the price is fixed and determinable and persuasive evidence of arrangement exists. 

Shipping and Handling Costs 

 Amounts billed to customers in sales transactions
related to shipping and handling represent revenues earned for the goods provided and are included in sales, and were 53,539 and
 60,628 for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The Company expenses inbound shipping and handling costs
as cost of revenues. 

Warranty Reserves 

 A warranty reserve liability is recorded based on
estimates of future costs on sales recognized. There was no warranty reserve recorded at December 31, 2012 or 2011. 

Advertising 

 The costs incurred for producing and communicating
advertising are charged to operations as incurred. Advertising expense for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 was 872,250
and 837,584, respectively. 

Income Taxes 

 Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and
liability method of FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 740 FASB ASC 740 ), Income Taxes . Under
FASB ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized as income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

Valuation allowances have been established against
deferred tax assets due to uncertainties in the Company s ability to generate sufficient taxable income in future periods
to make realization of such assets more likely than not. An income tax benefit has not been recognized for its operating losses
generated during 2012 and 2011 based on uncertainties concerning the ability to generate taxable income in future periods. There
was no income tax receivable at December 31, 2012 and 2011. In future periods, tax benefits and related deferred tax assets will
be recognized when management considers realization of such amounts to be more likely than not. 

The Company s Federal and State tax returns
for the years 2007-2012 remain open to examination by the tax authorities. 

F- 18 

Net Loss Per Share 

 In accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification
No. 260 FASB ASC 260 ), Earnings Per Share , basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the net
loss available to common stockholders for the period by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.
Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
common and common equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Common equivalent shares outstanding as of December 31, 2012
and 2011, which consist of options, warrants, convertible notes and convertible preferred stock, have been excluded from the diluted
net loss per common share calculations because they are anti-dilutive. Accordingly, diluted net loss per share is the same as basic
net loss per share for 2012 and 2011. The following table summarizes the potential common stock shares at December 31, 2012 and
2011, which may dilute future earnings per share. 

2012 
 2011 
 
 Convertible preferred stock 
 - 
 9,266 
 
 Warrants and options, vested 
 262,952 
 211,861 
 
 Convertible debt 
 - 
 6,863 

262,952 
 227,990 

Foreign Currency Translation 

 The financial statements of the Company's foreign
offices have been translated into U.S. dollars in accordance with FASB ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters (FASB ASC
830). All balance sheet accounts have been translated using the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date. Income statement
amounts have been translated using an appropriately weighted average exchange rate for the year. The translation gains and losses
resulting from the changes in exchange rates during 2012 and 2011 have been reported in accumulated other comprehensive income,
except for gains and losses resulting from the translation of intercompany receivables and payables, which are included in earnings
for the period. 

Segment Reporting 

 For the year
ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company operates in one operating segment based on the activities of the company in
accordance with the ASC 280-10. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate
financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker, or decision making
group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The
Company does not disaggregate profit and loss information on a segment basis for internal management reporting purposes to
our chief operating decision maker group which consists of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief
Operating Officer, and therefore such information is not presented. 

The 10-K filing for the year ended 2011 presented
five operating segments based on the products offered, which included: External Power, Internal Power, Industrial Controls, Discontinued
Operations and Other. Management determined that presenting these as a consolidated segment is the best presentation as the business
activities of CUI Global are not organized on the basis of differences related to products, services or geography. The Company s
chief operating decision maker looks at the operations as a whole when making operating decisions and allocating resources. 

F- 19 

Reclassification 

 Certain amounts from the prior period have been reclassified
to conform to the current period presentation. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 In June, 2011, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2011-05, which amends ASC Topic 220, Comprehensive Income. Under the amendment, an entity has the option to present the
total of comprehensive income, the components of net income, and the components of other comprehensive income either in a single
continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. In both choices, an entity is required
to present each component of net income along with total net income, each component of other comprehensive income along with a
total for other comprehensive income, and a total amount for comprehensive income. This ASU eliminates the option to present the
components of other comprehensive income as part of the statement of changes in stockholders' equity. The amendments in this ASU
do not change the items that must be reported in other comprehensive income or when an item of other comprehensive income must
be reclassified to net income. The amendments in this ASU have been applied retrospectively. 

In December 2011, FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update 2011-11, Balance Sheet - Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities to enhance disclosure requirements relating
to the offsetting of assets and liabilities on an entity's balance sheet. The update requires enhanced disclosures regarding assets
and liabilities that are presented net or gross in the statement of financial position when the right of offset exists, or that
are subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement. The new disclosure requirements relating to this update are retrospective
and effective for annual and interim periods beginning on or after January 1, 2013. The update only requires additional disclosures,
as such, the adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

In July 2012, the FASB issued updated guidance on
the periodic testing of indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, for impairment. This updated guidance will allow
companies the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more-likely-than-not that an indefinite-lived intangible
asset might be impaired and whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test required under current accounting
standards. This guidance is applicable for reporting periods beginning after September 15, 2012. This updated guidance did not
have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

F- 20 

3. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

 Property and equipment is summarized
as follows at December 31, 2012 and 2011: 

2012 
 2011 
 
 Building 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equipment 
 2,577,681 
 2,193,817 
 
 Computers and software 
 883,408 
 778,985 

3,461,089 
 2,972,802 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 (2,444,870 
 (2,061,992 

1,016,219 
 910,810 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December
31, 2012 and 2011 was 579,861 and 520,959, respectively. 

4. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

At December 31, 2012, the gross carrying amount and accumulated
amortization of intangible assets, other than goodwill, are as follows: 

Gross Assets 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Net 
 
 Trademarks and tradename 
 5,988,256 
 (109,540 
 5,878,716 
 
 Customer lists 
 1,857,000 
 - 
 1,857,000 
 
 Technology rights 
 303,664 
 (77,779 
 225,885 
 
 Technology patent pending 
 551,559 
 - 
 551,559 
 
 Other intangibles assets 
 154,470 
 (49,106 
 105,364 

Total 
 8,854,949 
 (236,425 
 8,618,524 

At December 31, 2011, the gross carrying amount and accumulated
amortization of intangible assets, other than goodwill, are as follows: 

Gross Assets 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Net 
 
 Trademarks and tradename 
 6,266,684 
 - 
 6,266,684 
 
 Customer lists 
 1,857,000 
 - 
 1,857,000 
 
 Technology rights 
 303,664 
 (51,269 
 252,395 
 
 Technology patent pending 
 551,559 
 - 
 551,559 
 
 Other intangibles assets 
 74,127 
 (34,724 
 39,403 

Total 
 9,053,034 
 (85,993 
 8,967,041 

Amortization expenses from continuing operations for the years
ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 amounted to approximately 150,432 and 258,805, respectively. 

As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, the carrying amount of
goodwill was 13,048,474. The estimated fair value of our goodwill could change if the Company is unable to achieve operating
results at the levels that have been forecasted, the market valuation of our business decreases based on transactions
involving similar companies, or there is a permanent, negative change in the market demand for the services offered by the
Company. These changes could result in an impairment of the existing goodwill balance that could require a material non-cash
charge to our results of operations. 

Trademarks and tradename 

As of December 31, 2012, 4,892,856 of costs related to CUI and 1,095,400 of costs related to the V-Infinity
trademarks and trade names have been capitalized. The Intangible, trademark and trade name CUI was determined to have an indefinite
life and is reviewed regularly for impairment by management, which includes an annual test for impairment. During 2012, management
determined that an impairment of 278,428 related to the Intangible, trademark and trade name V-Infinity was necessary. As a result
of this evaluation and the impairment, management determined the trademark and trade name V-Infinity no longer has an indefinite
life, and will instead be amortized over the estimated remaining useful life of 5 years. 

Customer lists 

As of December 31, 2012, CUI Global has 1,857,000 of capitalized
costs related to Intangible, customer list. Intangible, customer list is reviewed regularly for impairment by management. The
customer lists were determined to have an indefinite life and are not amortized but tested annually for impairment. Among other
factors, this review includes consideration of the revenues and related cash flows associated with customers that existed at the
time of the acquisition of the Intangible, customer list. This review determined that the total net revenues and related cash flows associated with customers that
existed at the time of the acquisition of the intangible, customer list have increased as compared with their pre-acquisition comparable
revenues and maintains a back log of customer orders indicating that this will continue based on historical company experience. 

Technology rights 

As of December 31, 2012, CUI Global has 303,664 of capitalized
costs related to technology rights. Technology rights are amortized over a twenty year life. In an effort to concentrate our business
focus on our core product development and marketing, in December 2011, we conveyed our WayCool and WayFast patent portfolio to
Olantra Fund X LLC for a cash payment of 500,000 and recognized a gain on sale of technology rights in 2011 of 143,636. 

Technology patents pending 

As of December 31, 2012, CUI Global has 551,559 of capitalized
costs related to Intangible, patent pending technology. Intangible, patent pending technology is reviewed regularly for impairment
by management. 

Debt Offering Costs 

As of December 31, 2012, 220,000 of debt offering
costs related to payments issued in efforts to secure debt financing for the Company have been capitalized. The debt offering
costs are amortized over the life of the applicable loan. The net balance of debt offering costs as of December 31, 2012 is 42,778. 

F- 21 

5. NOTES PAYABLE 

Notes payable is summarized as follows at December 31, 2012
and 2011: 

December 31, 

2012 
 2011 
 
 (a) Term Note - bank 
 - 
 4,000,000 
 
 (b) Acquisition Note Payable 
 7,303,683 
 10,303,683 
 
 (c) Convertible Note Payable - related party 
 - 
 35,000 

(a) In August
2010, the Company replaced the 4,000,000 cash loan from Commerce Bank of Oregon with a 4,000,000 term note through
the Business Credit division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, with a July 31, 2012
maturity date, paying interest only at an interest rate equal to the daily three month LIBOR plus 4.00 and secured by
personal letters of credit from a related party. In February 2012, the Company utilized 4,000,000 from the 2012
equity raises to repay the principal balance in full. The balance remaining at December 31,
2012 and 2011 on the term note with Wells Fargo was 0 and 4,000,000, respectively. 

F- 22 

(b) A promissory note utilized to fund the
acquisition of CUI, Inc. was a 14,000,000 promissory note to International Electronic Devices, Inc. (formerly CUI, Inc.),
payable monthly over three years at 30,000 per month including 1.7 annual simple interest with a balloon payment at the
thirty sixth monthly payment (May 15, 2011), with no prepayment penalty, an annual success fee of 2.3 , and the right of
first refusal to the note payee, International Electronic Devices, Inc., relating to any private capital raising transactions
of CUI Global during the term of the note. In September 2010, the Company negotiated an amendment to this note which provided
forgiveness of the principal balance of 1,588,063 and forgiveness of accrued interest of 724,729, as well as an extension
of the maturity date to May 15, 2018. The total forgiveness of debt and accrued interest of 2,312,792 was recorded as
additional paid in capital due to the related party nature. In exchange for this amendment, the Company agreed to make principal payments totaling 1,500,000
as follows: 1,200,000 before December 31, 2010 and an additional 300,000 in January 2011. Additionally, the Company agreed
to assign a note receivable owed to CUI Inc. from TPI in the amount of 192,508 to IED during the first quarter of 2011. In
February 2012, the Company utilized proceeds from the sale of equity to repay 3,000,000 toward the principal balance of the
IED note payable. At December 31, 2012, the current portion of this note is 0, the long term
balance is 7,303,683. 

(c) In July 2011, a CUI Global officer provided
a short term convertible loan of 35,000 to the Company with interest at 6 per annum, and convertible at 5.10 per common
share. The balance of this loan was paid in full during 2012 following the receipt of proceeds from the equity raise. The
balance remaining at December 31, 2012 and 2011 was 0 and 35,000, respectively. 

The following table details the maturity of the notes
payable for CUI Global, Inc. as of December 31, 2012: 

2013 
 2014 
 2015 
 2016 
 2017 
 Thereafter 
 Total 
 
 Notes Payable Maturities: 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,303,683 
 7,303,683 

6. LINE OF CREDIT 

 At December 31, 2012, CUI, Inc. had a
 4,000,000 revolving working capital line of credit with the Business Credit division of Wells Fargo Capital Finance, part of
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (NYSE: WFC), interest payable monthly at the daily three month LIBOR plus 3.25 (3.56 
at December 31, 2012). At December 31, 2012 the current borrowing capacity under the credit facility was 3,579,305
considering any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed (borrowings may be limited by the
amount of trade receivables, inventory and other items), but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the
facility. 

Effective April 3, 2012, the Wells Fargo Line
of Credit expiration was extended to July 31, 2015 and the interest rate reduced to the Daily Three Month LIBOR plus 3.25 .
At December 31, 2012 and 2011, the balance outstanding on the line of credit was 459,448 and 1,528,900, respectively. The
Line of Credit is secured by all of the Company s accounts, documents, equipment, general intangibles, goods,
instruments, inventory, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, letters of credit and all cash and cash
equivalents. 

F- 23 

7. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

 Legal Matters 

 The Company may be involved in certain legal actions
arising from the ordinary course of business. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the outcome of these matters, we
do not anticipate that any of these matters, or these matters in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the financial
position or results of operations. 

Commissions, Royalty and License Fee Agreements 

 Royalty and license fees are paid in accordance with
their related agreements, either on a monthly or quarterly basis. As of December 31, 2012, 32,303 was accrued for royalty and
license fees payable, and is reported as a current liability in accrued expenses. 

External Sales Representative Commissions 

 Commissions to external sales representatives are
paid in accordance with their related agreements, either on a monthly or annual basis. As of December 31, 2012, 236,366 was accrued
for commissions to external sales representatives, and is reported as a current liability in accrued expenses. 

Employment Agreements 

 As of the year ended December 31, 2012, the following
employment agreements were in place: 

Chief Executive Officer,
General Counsel, Director: This employment agreement expires August 1, 2015. The CEO is eligible for annual bonuses and stock option
grants. Said contract provides, in relevant part, for an annual salary of 350,000 and bonus provisions for each calendar
year. Bonuses are approved quarterly based on the various factors, including a thorough evaluation of current performance. All
bonus payments shall be paid to Mr. Clough in equal monthly installments following the quarter in which the bonus is earned and
shall be paid on the 15 th day of each month. At December 31, 2012 and 2011, there was an accrual of 53,542 and 13,542,
respectively, for compensation owed to Mr. Clough. In conjunction with Mr. Clough s contract extension, he also received
a Board approved Stock Option Plan, which entitles him to receipt of a 6.00 option to purchase 330,000 shares of the Company s
common stock. Said options vest on a monthly basis during the course of Mr. Clough s employment term. Mr. Clough's employment agreement shall not be terminated by any change of control of CUI Global. 

President, Chief
Operating Officer, Director: This employment agreement expires May 15, 2014. The President is eligible for annual bonuses and
stock option grants. Said contract provides, in relevant part, for an annual salary of 205,000 and bonus provisions
for each calendar year, beginning with 2008, in which the CUI Global yearend Statement of Operations shows a Net Profit and
the Gross Revenue equal to or that exceeds fifteen percent (15 ), but less than thirty percent (30 ), of the immediate
preceding calendar year, he shall be entitled to receive a cash bonus in an amount equal to fifty percent (50 of his prior
year base salary in addition to any other compensation to which he may be entitled; provided, however, that he shall be
entitled to the bonus only if he has been employed by the Company during that entire calendar year. In substitution of the
bonus percentages described above, he shall be entitled to receive, in any year in which annual Gross Revenue exceeds by 30 
of the prior calendar year gross revenue, a sum equal to 100 of his prior year base salary. Bonuses are approved quarterly
based on the above factors and an evaluation of current performance. All such bonus payments shall be paid to Mr. McKenzie in
equal monthly installments following the quarter in which the bonus is earned and shall be paid on the 15 th day of
each month. At December 31, 2012 and 2011 there was an accrual of 8,542 and 12,083, respectively, for compensation owed to
Mr. McKenzie. Mr. McKenzie's employment agreement shall not be terminated by any change of control of CUI Global. 

F- 24 

Chief Financial Officer:
This employment agreement expires May 15, 2014. The CFO is eligible for annual bonuses and stock option grants. Mr. Ford
is employed under a three year employment contract with the company, which was recently extended to May 15, 2014 and provides,
in relevant part, for an annual salary of 195,000 and bonus provisions for each calendar year, beginning with 2010, in which the
CUI Global yearend Statement of Operations shows a Net Profit and the Gross Revenue equal to or that exceeds fifteen percent (15 ),
but less than thirty percent (30 ), of the immediate preceding calendar year, he shall be entitled to receive a cash bonus in an
amount equal to fifty percent (50 of his prior year base salary in addition to any other compensation to which he may be entitled;
provided, however, that he shall be entitled to the bonus only if he has been employed by the Company during that entire calendar
year. In substitution of the bonus percentages described above, he shall be entitled to receive, in any year in which annual Gross
Revenue exceeds by 30 of the prior calendar year gross revenue, a sum equal to 100 of his prior year base salary. Bonuses are
approved quarterly based on the above factors and an evaluation of current performance. All such bonus payments shall be paid to
Mr. Ford in equal monthly installments following the quarter in which the bonus is earned and shall be paid on the 15 th 
day of each month. At December 31, 2012 and 2011 there was an accrual of 8,125 and 0, respectively, for compensation owed to
Mr. Ford. Mr. Ford's employment agreement shall not be terminated by any change of control of CUI Global. 

Leases 

 As
an integrated part of the CUI asset acquisition, the CUI Global, Inc. corporate offices were relocated to the CUI location at 20050
SW 112th Avenue, Tualatin, Oregon 97062. CUI and CUI Global occupy the 61,380 square feet of offices and warehouse premises under
a ten year non-cancelable lease agreement beginning September 1, 2006 with Barakel, LLC (a related party) at a base monthly rent
subject to periodic base payment increases plus real property taxes, utilities, insurance and common area maintenance charges.
During the year ended December 31, 2012, the monthly base rent was 40,250 in accordance with the lease schedule. During
the period January 1 through August 31, 2011, the monthly base rent was 40,000 and increased in accordance with the lease schedule
to 40,250 for the period September 1 through December 31, 2011. Barakel, LLC is controlled by
James McKenzie, majority owner of CUI, Inc. prior to acquisition and Matt McKenzie, COO. 

The Company also leased office
space in Malmo, Sweden pursuant to a renewable lease which terminated January 31, 2011. In addition to the base rent of (subject
to periodic base lease payment increases), the Company was responsible for property taxes, maintenance and related VAT taxes. During
the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, the monthly base rent was approximately 0 and 1,386, respectively. 

Additionally, subsequent to the
acquisition of CUI Japan and Comex Electronics, the Company had leased spaces in Tokyo, Japan and owned a small manufacturing facility
on leased land in Nagano, Japan. The CUI Japan leased space in Tokyo, Japan expired January 31, 2012 and there was no rent expense
for this space in 2012. CUI Japan subleased space from Comex Electronics during 2012 on a month to month basis, with monthly base
rent of approximately 1,253. 

The discontinued operations of
Comex Electronics had leased space in Tokyo, Japan with expirations between May 7, 2011 and September 9, 2011. In conjunction with
these leases, Comex Electronics also leased parking spaces which leases expired December 31, 2010 and became a month to month agreement.
Additionally, the discontinued operations of Comex Electronics had a land lease in Nagano with an expiration of August 11, 2019. 

F- 25 

Rental expense was 552,655 and 592,573 in 2012
and 2011, respectively, and is included in selling, general and administrative on the statement of operations. 

2013 
 2014 
 2015 
 2016 
 2017 
 Thereafter 
 
 Operating Leases: 
 484,000 
 486,000 
 487,000 
 326,000 
 - 
 - 

Consulting Agreements 

 In January 2010, the Company entered into a consulting
agreement with Terry Williams, former GL Industrial Services Project Director, to serve as the Company s Project Director
and Lead Engineer for the GASPT2 technology. The consultant will be compensated a base monthly fee and will receive commissions
on sales of the GASPT2 products. 

In September 2010, the Company entered into an
agreement for strategic investor communications services to be provided through March 2011. For these services, the
consultant was paid a fee of 25,000 in 2010. During 2011, the agreement was extended through June 2012. During 2012 and
2011, the consultant was paid fees of 6,750 and 29,750, respectively. 

In September 2010, the Company entered into an agreement
with a consultant firm to provide for strategic investor marketing services for a period of one year. For these services, the consultant
is to be paid 3,000 per month as well as 84,000 in common stock compensation. 42,000 of the common stock compensation was earned
in 2010 for which the consultant received 7,000 shares of common stock at 6.00 per share. The remaining 42,000 is to be priced
at the ten day trailing average closing price at the time of the issuance when earned in 2011. The remaining 42,000 common shares
were earned March 2011, for which the consultant received 5,957 common shares at 7.05 per share. 

In February 2011, the Company engaged a consultant
firm for marketing and website development services. For these services, the consultant was paid 41,925 during 2011. 

In March 2011, the Company engaged a consultant firm
to provide services related to customs and duties classification for imported products. During 2011, this consultant was paid 36,588. 

In April 2011, the Company engaged a consultant firm
to provided strategic investor marketing services. For these services, the consultant received 8,000 per month. For these services
which were completed in 2011, the consultant was paid 32,000. 

In June 2011, the Company engaged Merriman Capital,
Inc. to act as exclusive placement agent to CUI Global, Inc. For these services, the consultant would receive a cash financing
completion fee of 7.5 of the total amount of capital received by the Company from the sale of its securities to investors during
the agreement period. No fees were earned during 2011. Fees paid to Merriman in 2012 were recorded as reductions to additional
paid in capital associated with the equity raises. 

In June 2011, the Company engaged a consultant firm
to provide website support and marketing production services. This consultant was paid 56,809 during 2011. 

F- 26 

In December 2011, the Company issued 5,000 shares
of common stock to a former consultant in consideration for the release of a claim on intellectual property with a fair value of
 19,500 recorded. 

During 2012, the Company engaged a consultant firm
to assist in the development and design of websites. For these services, the consultant firm was paid 135,008 during the year. 

During 2012, the Company engaged a consultant firm
to assist in printed circuit board layout design related to new products. For these services, the consultant firm was paid 130,706
during the year. 

In March 2012, 15,000
shares of common stock were issued in consideration for strategic investor marketing services rendered for the benefit of the company.
A 69,450 consulting expense was recorded in relation to this transaction based on the fair market value of the stock on the date
of grant. 

On each of April 5, May 7, June 6, July 2, August
1, September 7, October 1 and November 1, 2012, the company issued 13,500 shares of common stock to a consultant in consideration
for strategic investor marketing services rendered for the benefit of the company. A 569,970 consulting expense was recorded in
relation to these issuances based on the fair market value of the stock on the dates of the grants. In addition, the consultant
was paid 110,000 for their services. 

In June and October 2012, 1,000 and 2,500 shares of
common stock, respectively, were issued to a consultant in consideration for strategic investor marketing services rendered for
the benefit of the company and 19,275 of consulting expense was recorded in relation to these issuances based on the fair market
value of the stock on the dates of the grant. Additionally, the consultant was paid 11,000 for their services. 

In July 2012, the Company engaged a consultant firm
to provide strategic investor marketing services. For these services the consultant was paid 65,000 during 2012. 

In October 2012, 2,500 shares of common stock were
issued to a consultant in consideration for strategic investor marketing services rendered for the benefit of the company and a
 12,825 consulting expense was recorded in relation to these issuances based on the fair market value of the stock on the date
of the grant. 

8. STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 Convertible Preferred Series A 

 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock were designated
as new Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A ). The Series A is convertible to common shares on a six-for-one
basis, is due dividends at 0.10 per share as authorized by the Board, has a liquidation value of 1.00 per share and has equivalent
voting rights as common shares on a share for share basis. Once the Series A shares have been issued, they cannot be reissued.
Effective September 17, 2012 the Board of Directors passed a resolution eliminating and discontinuing all Series A Convertible
Preferred Series stock and required that all preferred stock shall be returned to the Company treasury. As of December 31, 2012,
no shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are issued nor outstanding. 

F- 27 

Convertible Preferred Stock Series B 

 On February 3, 2004, the Board of Directors designated
30,000 shares of preferred stock as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Series B ). The Series B is convertible
to common shares on a one thousand-for-one ratio, is due dividends at 1 per share payable quarterly as authorized by the Board,
and the dividends are cumulative. Series B has a liquidation value of 240 per share and has voting rights of one thousand votes
per Series B share. Once the Series B shares have been issued, they cannot be reissued. Effective September 17, 2012 the Board
of Directors passed a resolution eliminating and discontinuing all Series B Convertible Preferred Series stock and required that
all preferred stock shall be returned to the Company treasury. As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, no shares of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock are issued nor outstanding. 

Convertible Preferred Stock Series C 

 The Company authorized for issuance 10,000 shares
of preferred stock, designated as Series C Preferred Stock Series C ), as the result of a previously negotiated investment
plan with a specific investment group. The agreement was fulfilled in 2011 and the group no longer retains rights to the convertible
preferred stock Series C. Effective September 17, 2012 the Board of Directors passed a resolution eliminating and discontinuing
all Series C Convertible Preferred Series stock and required that all preferred stock shall be returned to the Company treasury.
During 2012 and 2011, there were no shares of Series C convertible preferred stock issued and no shares were outstanding. 

Common Stock Dividend Restrictions 

 As of December 31, 2012, there are no restrictions
on common stock dividends. As of December 31, 2011, there was a restriction on the common stock dividends as any cumulative preferred
stock dividends are required to be paid prior to any common stock dividends being paid. Also, at December 31, 2012, retained earnings
were not restricted upon involuntary liquidation, however at December 31, 2011, retained earnings would be restricted upon an involuntary
liquidation by the cumulative unpaid preferred dividends to the preferred stockholders and for the 1 per share Series A and 240
per share Series B liquidation preferences. 

Common Stock Issuances 

 During 2011, the 1,667 issuable shares listed on the
balance sheet as of December 31, 2010 were issued. 

During 2011, two former employees completed cashless
exercises of their options for which 269 shares of common stock were issued. The Company did not receive funds from these options
exercises as they were cashless. 

During 2011, 5,957 shares of common stock were issued
pursuant to a consultant agreement for strategic investor marketing services. The shares were priced at 7.05 per share based on
the ten day trailing average closing price at the time of the issuance in accordance with the agreement and a 42,000 consulting
expense was recorded in relation to this transaction. 

During 2011, a member of the Board of Directors exercised
23,333 warrants which he previously received in exchange for a personal guarantee of a bank note provided on behalf of the Company
in May 2008. The Company received 7,000 from the exercise of these warrants. 

F- 28 

During 2011, a beneficial owner of more than 5 of
the outstanding common stock, exercised 10,000 warrants which he previously received in exchange for a personal guarantee of a
bank note provided on behalf of the Company in May 2008. The Company received 3,000 from the exercise of these warrants. 

During 2011, a beneficial owner of more than 10 of
the outstanding common stock, exercised 133,333 warrants which he previously received in exchange for a personal guarantee of a
bank note provided on behalf of the Company in May 2008. The Company received 40,000 from the exercise of these warrants. 

During 2011, 5,000 shares of common stock were issued
to a former consultant in consideration for the release of a claim on intellectual property with a fair value related expense of
 19,500 recorded. 

Effective February 17, 2012, the issued and outstanding
shares of the Company s 0.001 par value common stock were reverse split at a ratio of one for thirty (1:30) as a part of
our plan to up-list our common stock on to the NASDAQ Stock Market. All fractional shares resulting from the reverse split were
rounded up to the next full numbers. As a result of the rounding up effect, 97 additional shares of common stock were issued that
are included in the S-1 registration statement. The company received no monetary consideration for these 97 shares. 

During February 2012 our Form S-1 registration statement
became effective that allowed us to sell 2,222,222 shares of common stock to our underwriter. We received 8,913,302 in net proceeds
from this sale after related costs for this transaction. 

Our Form S-1 registration statement included 333,333
shares of common stock that were sold in March 2012 to our underwriter pursuant to the over-allotment provision of our underwriting
contract. We received 1,387,499 in net proceeds from this sale after related costs for this transaction. 

Also in March 2012, pursuant to stock purchase agreement,
we sold to seven investors a total of 570,000 shares of common stock at 4.50 per share. We received 2,253,008 in net proceeds
from this sale after related costs for this transaction. 

During March 2012, a beneficial owner
of approximately 8 , exercised 10,071 warrants he previously received in relation to a note provided to the Company which has since
been paid in full. The company received 3,021 from this transaction. 

March 20, 2012, 15,000
shares of common stock were issued in consideration for strategic investor marketing services rendered for the benefit of the company.
A 69,450 consulting expense was recorded in relation to this transaction based on the fair market value of the stock on the date
of grant. 

On each of April 5, May 7, June 6, July 2, August
1, September 7, October 1 and November 1, 2012, the company issued 13,500 shares of common stock to a consultant in consideration
for strategic investor marketing services rendered for the benefit of the company. A 569,970 consulting expense was recorded in
relation to these issuances based on the fair market value of the stock on the dates of the grants. 

F- 29 

Between April 4-12, 2012, 57,000 shares of common
stock were issued in relation to common stock bonuses granted to officers and employees. 50,750 of these common shares were issued
to three officers with a fair value of 243,600 in accordance with their employment agreement bonus provisions. Two employees were
awarded a total of 6,250 common shares with a fair value total of 30,000. 

On April 12, 2012, a holder of 2,500 shares of convertible
Series A preferred stock completed the conversion of those shares into common shares. At the same time, the holder also converted
an accrued preferred stock dividend of 250 into common shares. For these conversions, the holder received 458 common shares based
upon the conversion features of the convertible Series A preferred stock and accrued preferred stock dividends. 

On May 4, 2012, a holder of 45,000 shares of convertible
Series A preferred stock completed the conversion of those shares into common shares. At the same time, the holder also converted
an accrued preferred stock dividend of 4,500 into common shares. For these conversions, the holder received 8,645 common shares
based upon the conversion features of the convertible Series A preferred stock and accrued preferred stock dividends. 

On May 30, 2012, a holder of 3,043 shares of convertible
Series A preferred stock completed the conversion of those shares into common shares. At the same time, the holder also converted
an accrued preferred stock dividend of 304 into common shares. For these conversions, the holder received 558 common shares based
upon the conversion features of the convertible Series A preferred stock and accrued preferred stock dividends. 

On June 21, 2012, 1,000 shares of common stock were
issued to a consultant in consideration for strategic investor marketing services rendered for the benefit of the company and a
 6,450 consulting expense was recorded in relation to these issuances based on the fair market value of the stock on the date of
the grant. 

On June 28 and 29, July 2, 3, 16 and 27, 2012, we
sold 234,332 shares of common stock to nine investors at 4.50 per share pursuant to stock purchase agreements net proceeds of
 975,455 after related costs for this transaction. 

On September 7, 2012, 1,052 shares of common stock
were issued as a royalty to James McKenzie, majority owner of CUI, Inc. prior to the May 2008 asset acquisition by CUI Global.
The shares were valued at 6,638. 

On September 27, 2012, 4,596 shares of common stock
were issued to an employee as a bonus. These shares were expensed at a fair value of 25,000 as of the date of issuance. 

On October 16, 2012, 2,500 shares of common stock
were issued to a consultant in consideration for strategic investor marketing services rendered for the benefit of the company
and a 12,825 consulting expense was recorded in relation to these issuances based on the fair market value of the stock on the
date of the grant. 

Non-Employee Stock Warrants 

 During 2012 and 2011, no warrants were issued by the
Company. 

F- 30 

A summary of the warrants issued to non-employees
for services as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 and changes during the years is presented below: 

2012 
 2011 

Number of Warrants 
 Weighted Average Exercise 
Price 
 Number of Warrants 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Balance at beginning of period 
 10,071 
 0.30 
 416,634 
 3.58 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 (10,071 
 0.30 
 (166,667 
 0.30 
 
 Forfeited (expired) 
 - 
 - 
 (239,896 
 6.00 
 
 Balance at end of period 
 - 
 - 
 10,071 
 0.30 
 
 Warrants exercisable at end of period 
 - 
 - 
 10,071 
 0.30 
 
 Weighted average fair value of warrants granted during the period 
 
 - 
 
 - 

During 2011, warrants to purchase 239,896 shares of
common stock expired during the year and are recorded as forfeited in the table above. 

The following table summarizes information about non-employee
stock warrants outstanding and exercisable that were issued for services at December 31, 2012 and 2011: 

Warrants Outstanding 
 Warrants Exercisable 
 
 Range of Exercise Price 
 Number Outstanding at December 31, 2012 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Number Exercisable at December 31, 2012 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 - 
 - 
 0.00 Years 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 0.00 Years 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Warrants Outstanding 
 Warrants Exercisable 
 
 Range of Exercise Price 
 Number Outstanding at December 31, 2011 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Number Exercisable at December 31, 2011 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 0.30 
 10,071 
 0.62 Years 
 0.30 
 10,071 
 0.30 

10,071 
 0.62 Years 
 0.30 
 10,071 
 0.30 

Employee Stock Options and Warrants 

 All options and warrants issued are presented at post
reverse quantities. 

On May 16, 2008 the Company s Board of Directors
adopted the Waytronx, Inc. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (the Equity Incentive Plan and authorized 1,500,000 shares
of Common Stock to fund the Plan. At the 2008 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on September 15, 2008, the Equity Incentive Plan
was approved by the Company shareholders. At the 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on September 29, 2009, the shareholders
approved an amendment to the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan to increase the number of common shares issuable under the plan from 1,500,000
to 3,000,000. All of these shares have been registered under Form S-8. 

F- 31 

The 2008 Equity Incentive Plans is intended to: (a)
provide incentive to employees of the Company and its affiliates to stimulate their efforts toward the continued success of the
Company and to operate and manage the business in a manner that will provide for the long-term growth and profitability of the
Company; (b) encourage stock ownership by employees, directors and independent contractors by providing them with a means to acquire
a proprietary interest in the Company by acquiring shares of Stock or to receive compensation which is based upon appreciation
in the value of Stock; and (c) provide a means of obtaining and rewarding employees, directors, independent contractors and advisors. 

The 2008 Equity Incentive Plans provide for the issuance
of incentive stock options (ISOs) and Non Statutory Options (NSOs) to employees, directors and independent contractors of the Company.
The Board shall determine the exercise price per share in the case of an ISO at the time an option is granted and such price shall
be not less than the fair market value or 110 of fair market value in the case of a ten percent or greater stockholder. In the
case of an NSO, the exercise price shall not be less than the fair market value of one share of stock on the date the option is
granted. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, ISOs and NSOs granted under the both plans have a maximum duration of 10 years. 

On January 5, 2009 the Company Board of Directors
received and approved a written report and recommendations of the Compensation Committee which included a detailed
executive equity compensation report and market analysis and the recommendations of Compensia,
Inc., a management consulting firm that provides executive compensation advisory services to compensation committees and senior
management of knowledge-based companies. The Compensation Committee used the report and analysis as a basis for its formal written
recommendation to the board. Pursuant to a January 8, 2009 board resolution the
2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive), a Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, was created and funded with 4,200,000 shares
of 0.001 par value common stock. The Compensation Committee was appointed as the Plan Administrator to manage the plan. On October
11, 2010, CUI Global authorized an additional 3,060,382 options under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive). On September
21, 2012, CUI Global authorized an additional 330,000 options under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive). 

The 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive)
provides for the issuance of Incentive Non Statutory Options to attract, retain and motivate executive and management employees
and directors and to encourage these individuals to acquire an equity interest in the Company, to make monetary payments to certain
management employees and directors based upon the value of the Company s stock and to provide these individuals with an incentive
to maximize the success of the Company and further the interest of the shareholders. The Administrator of the plan is authorized
to determine the exercise price per share at the time the option is granted, but the exercise price shall not be less than the
fair market value on the date the option is granted. Stock options granted under the 2009 Plan have a maximum duration of 10 years. 

At December 31, 2012, there are 1,328,833 shares of
common stock available under the 2008 Equity Incentive Stock Plan and 378,151 available under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive). 

F- 32 

During the years ended 2012 and 2011, the Company
recorded compensation expense of 232,785 and 166,367, respectively, for stock options that the requisite service was performed
during the year. The compensation expense is recorded over the vesting period based upon fair market value of the options using
the Black Scholes option model in accordance with FASB ASC 718 as discussed in section Employee Stock Options and Warrants. 

A summary of the warrants and options issued to employees
and directors as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 and changes during the year are presented below: 

2012 
 2011 

Number of Warrants and Options 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Number of Warrants and Options 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Balance at beginning of period 
 259,299 
 7.75 
 293,372 
 7.45 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 (1,000 
 5.70 
 
 Expired 
 (3,000 
 5.33 
 (33,073 
 2.81 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Granted 
 425,842 
 5.68 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance at end of period 
 682,141 
 6.47 
 259,299 
 7.75 
 
 Exercisable 
 262,952 
 7.31 
 201,790 
 7.44 

As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, there were 419,189
and 57,509, respectively, non-vested warrants and options issued to employees and directors. 

The weighted average fair value of warrants and options
granted during the periods are as follows: 

2012 
 2011 
 
 Exercise price lower than the market price 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercise price equaled the market price 
 4.56 - 4.58 
 - 
 
 Exercise price exceeded the market price 
 6.00 
 - 

The fair value of warrants and options granted during
2012 was estimated on the dates of the grants using the following assumptions: dividend yield of 0 , expected volatilities of 84 
- 91 , risk-free interest rates of 0.27 , and expected lives of 2 years. There were no warrants and options granted during 2011. 

F- 33 

The following tables summarize information about employee
stock warrants and options outstanding at December 31, 2012 and 2011: 

Warrants and Options Outstanding December 31, 2012 
 Warrants and Options Exercisable December 31, 2012 
 
 Range of 
Exercise Price 
 Number 
Outstanding at 
December 31, 
2012 
 Weighted 
Average 
Remaining 
Contractual Life 
 Weighted 
Average 
Exercise Price 
 Number 
Exercisable at 
December 31, 
2012 
 Weighted 
Average 
Exercise Price 
 
 4.56 
 84,675 
 1.15 Years 
 4.56 
 - 
 4.56 
 
 4.58 
 10,167 
 0.14 Years 
 4.58 
 10,167 
 4.58 
 
 5.70 
 39,750 
 0.37 Years 
 5.70 
 39,750 
 5.70 
 
 6.00 
 330,000 
 4.70 Years 
 6.00 
 27,500 
 6.00 
 
 7.50 
 124,573 
 1.10 Years 
 7.50 
 124,573 
 7.50 
 
 9.00 
 92,976 
 1.06 Years 
 9.00 
 60,962 
 9.00 

682,141 
 8.52 Years 
 6.47 
 262,952 
 7.31 

Warrants and Options Outstanding December 31, 2011 
 Warrants and Options Exercisable December 31, 2011 
 
 Range of 
Exercise Price 
 Number 
Outstanding at 
December 31, 
2011 
 Weighted 
Average 
Remaining 
Contractual Life 
 Weighted 
Average 
Exercise Price 
 Number 
Exercisable at 
December 31, 
2011 
 Weighted 
Average 
Exercise Price 
 
 5.70 
 41,750 
 1.17 Years 
 5.70 
 41,750 
 5.70 
 
 7.50 
 124,573 
 3.37 Years 
 7.50 
 117,372 
 7.50 
 
 9.00 
 92,976 
 3.15 Years 
 9.00 
 42,668 
 9.00 

259,299 
 7.69 Years 
 7.75 
 201,790 
 7.44 

9. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

 As an integrated
part of the CUI asset acquisition, the CUI Global, Inc. corporate offices were relocated to the CUI location at 20050 SW
112th Avenue, Tualatin, Oregon 97062. CUI and CUI Global occupy the 61,380 square feet of offices and warehouse premises
under a ten year non-cancelable lease agreement beginning September 1, 2006 with Barakel, LLC (a related party) at a base
monthly rent subject to periodic base payment increases plus real property taxes, utilities, insurance and common area
maintenance charges. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the monthly base rent was 40,250 in accordance with the lease
schedule. During the period January 1 through August 31, 2011, the monthly base rent was 40,000 and increased in
accordance with the lease schedule to 40,250 for the period September 1 through December 31, 2011. Barakel,
LLC is controlled by James McKenzie, who was a majority owner of CUI, Inc. prior to acquisition and Matt McKenzie,
COO. 

The Company recorded investment income of 59,623 and
 41,472 during 2012 and 2011, respectively, related to its interest in Test Products International TPI ). During
2011, the Company assigned a note receivable from TPI with a balance of 192,508 to IED, Inc. toward the principal owed on notes
payable. For further details regarding TPI, please see Note 2 discussion Investment Equity Method. 

F- 34 

In September 2010,
the Company negotiated an amendment to the 14,000,000 seller s promissory note to International Electronic Devices, Inc.,
of which a related party and two corporate officers, one of whom is also a director, are principals in the corporate note holder.
This amendment provided forgiveness of the principal balance of 1,588,063 and forgiveness of accrued interest of 724,729, as
well as an extension of the maturity date to May 15, 2018. The total forgiveness of debt and accrued interest of 2,312,792 was
recorded as additional paid in capital in 2010. In exchange for this amendment, the Company agreed to make principal payments totaling
 1,500,000 as follows: 1,200,000 before December 31, 2010 and an additional 300,000 in January 2011. Additionally, the Company
agreed to assign a note receivable owed to CUI Inc. from TPI in the amount of 187,208 to IED during the first quarter of 2011.
During 2010, 200,000 of the 1,200,000 in principal that was due before December 31, 2010 was settled for 33,333 shares of common
stock at a conversion price of 6.00 per share. A related party and two corporate officers, one of whom is also a director
are principals in the corporate note holder and each received shares from this transaction. During 2012 and 2011, the Company made
regular interest payments on this seller s promissory note in accordance with the terms of the note. Additionally, during
2012, the Company repaid 3,000,000 of the principal balance from proceeds received through the equity issuances. At
December 31, 2012, the balance of this note is 7,303,683 and is held in long term notes payable, related party. 

In April 2011, a member of the Board of Directors
exercised 23,333 warrants at 0.30 per share which he previously received in exchange for a personal guarantee of a bank note provide
don behalf of the Company in May 2008. The Company received 7,000 of proceeds from this warrant exercise. 

In May 2011, a beneficial owner of more than 5 of
the outstanding common stock, exercised 10,000 warrants at 0.30 per share which he previously received in exchange for a personal
guarantee of a bank note provided on behalf of the Company in May 2008. The Company received 3,000 from this warrant exercise. 

Also in May 2011, a beneficial owner of approximately
8 of the outstanding common stock, exercised 133,333 warrants at 0.30 per share which he previously received in exchange for
a personal guarantee of a bank note provided on behalf of the Company in May 2008. The Company received 40,000 from this warrant
exercise. 

In July 2011, a CUI Global officer provided a short
term convertible loan of 35,000 to the Company which accrues interest at 6 per annum, convertible at 0.17 per common share.
The balance of this loan was repaid in full during 2012. At December 31, 2012 and 2011, the balance of this loan was 0 and 35,000,
respectively, and is included in Convertible notes payable, related party, current portion due. There was no beneficial conversion
on the convertible note as the conversion price was equal to the fair value on the date of grant. 

In March 2012, a beneficial owner of approximately
8 of the outstanding common stock exercised 10, 071 warrants at 0.30 per share which he previously received in relation to a
note provided to the Company which has since been paid in full. The Company received 3,021 from this warrant exercise. 

10. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

 Effective July 1, 2011, CUI Global entered into an
agreement to convey its 49 ownership interest in Comex Electronics to the owners of the remaining 51 who are the original founders
and were the original owners of Comex Instruments, for 617,975 in the form of a five year note receivable bearing interest at
4 per annum. The Company s continuing operations focus on the development, manufacturing and sale of electrical components.
There were no discontinued operations in 2012. Revenue and expenses allocated to discontinued operations for the year ended December
31, 2011 were limited to revenue and expenses that were directly related to the operations of Comex Electronics, or that were eliminated
as a result of the sale of the subsidiary. As a result, certain continuing indirect costs that were previously allocated to Comex
were not allocated to discontinued operations. It is expected that the Company and Comex Electronics will continue a business relationship.
Comex Electronics is a customer of CUI Global and also a vendor to CUI Global that provides manufacturing and other services. 

F- 35 

The results of operations from discontinued operations
are set forth below: 

For the year ended December 31, 

2012 
 2011 

Total revenues 
 - 
 1,280,485 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 - 
 1,146,443 
 
 Gross profit 
 - 
 134,042 
 
 Selling, general, administrative and other 
 - 
 294,195 
 
 (Loss) from discontinued operations 
 - 
 (160,153 
 
 Gain on sale of Comex Electronics 
 - 
 603,034 
 
 Net profit (loss) from discontinued operations 
 - 
 442,881 
 
 Less net profit (loss) from discontinued operations - noncontrolling interest 
 - 
 67,872 
 
 Net profit (loss) from discontinued operations allocable to common stocholders 
 - 
 375,009 

F- 36 

11. INCOME TAXES 

 The Company recognized losses for both financial and
tax reporting purposes during each of the periods in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Accordingly, no provision
for income taxes and/or deferred income taxes payable has been provided for in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

An income tax benefit has not been recognized for
operating losses generated in prior periods based on uncertainties concerning the ability to generate taxable income in future
periods. At December 31, 2012, the Company had available net operating loss carry-forwards which expire in various years through the year ending December 31, 2032; however, because the Company has incurred
significant operating losses, utilization of the tax loss carry-forwards are not assured. The increase in the valuation allowance
for the year ended December 31, 2012 was approximately 481,000. As a result, the non-current deferred income tax asset arising from
these net operating loss carry-forwards and from other temporary differences are not recorded in the accompanying balance sheets
because a valuation allowance was established to fully reserve such assets due to the uncertainty of the Company s realization
of this benefit. 

After consideration of all the evidence management
has determined that a full valuation allowance is necessary to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely
than not be realized. 

In future periods, tax benefits and related deferred
tax assets will be recognized when management considers realization of such amounts to be more likely than not. 

The Company s tax expense differs from the expected 
tax expense for the periods ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, computed by applying the Federal Corporate tax rate of 34 to loss
before taxes, as follows: 

2012 
 2011 
 
 Computed "expected" tax benefit 
 (800,084 
 (16,579 
 
 State tax benefit, net of federal effect 
 (166,285 
 (2,124 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 480,742 
 (98,800 
 
 Non-deductible expenses 
 (435,030 
 147,313 

(920,657 
 29,810 

F- 37 

For the periods ended December 31, 2012 and 2011,
the tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as
follows: 

2012 
 2011 
 
 Deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

Intangible assets 
 (8,046,564 
 (8,153,358 
 
 Property and equipment 
 634,354 
 634,354 
 
 Net operating loss carryforwards 
 20,699,678 
 20,376,785 
 
 Contribution and other carryforwards 
 292,692 
 241,637 
 
 Inventory and accounts receivable reserves 
 139,999 
 139,999 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (13,720,159 
 (13,239,417 
 
 Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

12. CONCENTRATIONS 

 During 2012, 59 of revenues were
derived from five customers at 47 , 4 , 3 , 3 , and 2 . During 2011, 55 of revenues were derived from six customers at 41 , 4 ,
3 , 3 , 2 and 2 . 

The Company s major product lines in 2012 and
2011 were external power, internal power and industrial controls. 

At December 31, 2012, of the gross trade accounts
receivable from continuing operations totaling 5,095,926, 57 was due from six customers: 37 , 8 , 3 , 3 , 3 and 3 . At December
31, 2011, of the gross trade accounts receivable from continuing operations totaling 3,819,641, 53 was due from eight customers:
21 , 9 , 7 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 and 2 . 

13. STOCK-BASED EMPLOYEE COMPENSATION 

 Stock options granted are presented post reverse split
using the 30 to 1 reverse split ratio. 

On May 16, 2008, the Board of Directors approved the
CUI Global, Inc. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan 2008 Plan and authorized 1,500,000 shares of the Company s common
stock to fund the Plan. At the 2008 Annual Meeting of Shareholders the Equity Incentive Plan was approved by the Company shareholders.
The 2008 Plan provides for the issuance of stock options to attract, retain and motivate employees, to encourage employees, directors
and independent contractors to acquire an equity interest in the Company, to make monetary payments to certain employees based
upon the value of the Company s stock, and provide employees, directors and independent contractors with an incentive to
maximize the success of the Company and further the interest of the shareholders. The 2008 Plan provides for the issuance of Incentive
Stock Options and Non Statutory Options. The Administrator of the plan shall determine the exercise price per share at the time
the option is granted, but the exercise price shall not be less than the fair market value on the date the option is granted. Stock
options granted under the 2008 Plan have a maximum duration of 10 years. 

At the 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on
September 29, 2009, the shareholders approved an amendment to the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan to increase the number of common shares
issuable under the plan from 1,500,000 to 3,000,000. All of these shares have been registered under Form S-8. 

F- 38 

On January 5, 2009 the Company Board of Directors
received and approved a written report and recommendations of the Compensation Committee which included a detailed
executive equity compensation report and market analysis and the recommendations of Compensia,
Inc., a management consulting firm that provides executive compensation advisory services to compensation committees and senior
management of knowledge-based companies. The Compensation Committee used the report and analysis as a basis for its formal written
recommendation to the board. Pursuant to a January
8, 2009 board resolution the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive), a Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, was created and
funded with 4,200,000 shares of 0.001 par value common stock. The Compensation Committee was appointed as the Plan Administrator
to manage the plan. October 11, 2010, CUI Global authorized an additional 3,060,382 options under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
(Executive). 

The 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (Executive)
provides for the issuance of Incentive Non Statutory Options to attract, retain and motivate executive and management employees
and directors and to encourage these individuals to acquire an equity interest in the Company, to make monetary payments to certain
management employees and directors based upon the value of the Company s stock and to provide these individuals with an incentive
to maximize the success of the Company and further the interest of the shareholders. The Administrator of the plan is authorized
to determine the exercise price per share at the time the option is granted, but the exercise price shall not be less than the
fair market value on the date the option is granted. Stock options granted under the 2009 Plan have a maximum duration of 10 years. 

The fair value of each stock option is estimated on
the date of grant using a Black Scholes Pricing Model. The fair value of warrants and options granted during 2012 was estimated
on the dates of the grants using the following assumptions: dividend yield of 0 , expected volatilities of 84 - 91 , risk-free
interest rates of 0.27 , and expected lives of 2 years. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company did not grant any
stock options. 

The following information is presented post reverse
split for the stock option activity for the year ended December 31, 2012: 

Number of Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contract Life 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2010 
 293,372 
 7.45 
 8.37 Years 
 66,544 
 
 Exercised 
 (1,000 
 5.70 

Expired 
 (33,073 
 2.81 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 

Granted 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding at December 31, 2011 
 259,299 
 7.75 
 7.69 Years 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Expired 
 (3,000 
 5.33 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 

Granted 
 425,842 
 5.68 
 6.00 Years 

Outstanding at December 31, 2012 
 682,141 
 6.47 
 8.52 Years 
 88,000 
 
 Outstanding exercisable at December 31, 2012 
 262,952 
 7.31 
 6.98 Years 
 9,252 

F- 39 

The weighted average fair value of warrants and options
granted during the periods are as follows: 

2012 
 2011 
 
 Exercise price lower than the market price 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercise price equaled the market price 
 4.56 - 4.58 
 - 
 
 Exercise price exceeded the market price 
 6.00 
 - 

14. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

 Management has reviewed for subsequent events through the date of this filing and determined that no subsequent events have occurred. 

F- 40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v332589_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, William J. Clough, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CUI Global, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The small business issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the small business issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of
an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer's internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The small business issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business
issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

CUI Global, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ William J. Clough 
 
 February 19, 2013 

William J. Clough, Chief Executive Officer / Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v332589_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Daniel N. Ford, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CUI Global, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The small business issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the small business issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of
an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer's internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The small business issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business
issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

CUI Global, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel N. Ford 
 
 February 19, 2013 

Daniel N. Ford, Chief Financial Officer/Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 v332589_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of CUI Global, Inc. (the
 Company ), on Form 10-K of the year ended December 31, 2011, we hereby certify solely for the purpose of complying
with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The annual report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the annual report fairly presents, in all materials respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

CUI Global, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ William J. Clough 
 
 February 19, 2013 

William J. Clough 

Chief Executive Officer/Director 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel N. Ford 
 
 February 19, 2013 

Daniel N. Ford 

Chief Financial Officer/Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cui-20121231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cui-20121231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cui-20121231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cui-20121231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cui-20121231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cui-20121231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

