<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20140313_10-K_edgar_data_1382911_0001193125-14-097515.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7921390</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>624424</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1806989</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1903486</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2022851</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1309107</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-14-097515.hdr.sgml : 20140313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20140313152208
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-14-097515
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001382911
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				651178822
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33415
		FILM NUMBER:		14690803

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3344 N. TORREY PINES CT.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 875-8600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3344 N. TORREY PINES CT.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-14-097515.txt : 20140313

10-K
 1
 d652807d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 10-K
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 
 Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from
 to 
 Commission file number 001-33415 
 
 OREXIGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 
 65-1178822 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

3344 N. Torrey Pines Ct., Suite 200 
 La Jolla, California 
 
 92037 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 (858) 875-8600 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Name of Exchange on Which Registered 

Common Stock, 0.001 par value 
 
 The NASDAQ Global Market 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d)
of the Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any,
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2013, the aggregate market value of common stock held by nonaffiliates of the registrant was
approximately 354.9 million based on the closing stock price as reported by the NASDAQ Global Market for such date. Shares of common stock held by each officer and director and by each person or group who owns 5 or more of the outstanding common
stock have been excluded in that such persons or groups may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of March 10, 2014, the Registrant had 111,538,679 shares of its 0.001 par value common stock outstanding.
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with the registrant s 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report. Such proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
subsequent to the date hereof but not later than 120 days after registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2013. 

Table of Contents 

 OREXIGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2013 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

2 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

35 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

75 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

75 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

75 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

76 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

77 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

79 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

80 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

91 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

92 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

117 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

117 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

120 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

120 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

121 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters 

121 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

121 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

121 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

122 

Signatures 

126 

EXHIBIT 10.34 

EXHIBIT 10.35 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

EXHIBIT 101 

Table of Contents 

 PART 1 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form
10-K and the information incorporated herein by reference contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is subject to the Safe Harbor provisions created by
that statute . Forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. All statements other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking
statements for purposes of these provisions. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as believes, expects, hopes, may, will, 
 plans, intends, indicates, suggests, assuming, designed, estimates, could, should, would, continue, 
 seeks, aims, projects, predicts, pro forma, anticipates, potential, probability or other similar expressions that are intended to identify
forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our current beliefs and expectations. These
statements include but are not limited to statements regarding: the Special Protocol Assessment, or SPA, and the protocol for the NB32 cardiovascular outcomes trial, or Light Study; the probability of success of the Light Study; the potential for,
and timing of approval of a New Drug Application, or NDA, for NB32; the benefit risk profile for NB32; the potential for past NB32 clinical trials to predict the outcome of future NB32 clinical trials; our plans to seek a commercialization partner
in territories outside of North America; the potential to demonstrate the real world weight loss potential of NB32 with a commercially available comprehensive lifestyle intervention program; the potential to enter into a collaborative partnership to
fund Phase III development and, if approved, commercialization of Empatic and the potential for the United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, to approve an NDA for Empatic without requiring data from a cardiovascular outcomes trial
in addition to the data obtained from the Light Study. The inclusion of forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that any of our plans will be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or
implied in this report by the forward-looking statements due to the risk and uncertainties inherent in our business, including the SPA is not binding on the FDA if public health concerns unrecognized at the time the SPA agreement was entered into
become evident, other new scientific concerns regarding product safety or efficacy arise, or if we fail to comply with the agreed upon trial protocol; the potential for the FDA to not approve NB32 even after meeting the prespecified threshold and
resubmitting the NDA; the possibility that the public announcement of the results of the interim analysis would later be deemed to jeopardize the integrity of the Light Study potentially resulting in the requirement to conduct additional, costly
studies; additional analysis of the interim results or new data from the continuing Light Study, including safety-related data, may produce negative or inconclusive results, or may be inconsistent with the conclusion that the interim analysis was
successful; the potential that the interim analysis may not be predictive of future results in the Light Study; the potential for early termination of our North American collaboration agreement with Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited; the results
from the interim analysis may not be sufficient to satisfy or respond to the Day 120 Consolidated List of Questions from the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, or any other data requirements of the EMA in connection with the review of our community
marketing authorization application for NB32; even if the NDA is approved by the FDA, the final results of the Light Study may not support continued approval of NB32; the therapeutic and commercial value of NB32; our ability to maintain sufficient
capital to fund its operations through potential approval of NB32 in 2014; the development plan for Empatic; our ability to enter into a collaborative partnership for Empatic on acceptable terms, if at all; the scope of our intellectual property
protection for NB32 and Empatic; estimates of the capacity of manufacturing and other facilities to support our product candidates; and the other risks and uncertainties discussed under the heading Item 1A Risk Factors, and
elsewhere in this in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Given these risks and uncertainties, we urge you
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be
materially different from what we expect. We hereby qualify our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements or to update the
reasons 
 1 

Table of Contents 

actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or for any other reason. 
 Item 1. Business Overview Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. Orexigen , we , our and us is a biopharmaceutical
company focused on the development of pharmaceutical product candidates for the treatment of obesity. Our product candidates are NB32 (formerly referred to as Contrave ), which has completed Phase III clinical trials and which is currently being studied in a cardiovascular outcomes trial, and Empatic , which has completed
Phase II clinical trials. Each of these product candidates is a combination of generic drug components, each of which has already received regulatory approval for other indications and been commercialized in the United States and in a majority
of the member countries of the European Union. NB32 is a combination of two well-established drugs, bupropion and naltrexone, each in a sustained release, or SR, formulation. Bupropion is a widely prescribed antidepressant and smoking cessation
medication; naltrexone is a treatment for alcohol and opioid addiction. Empatic is a combination of bupropion and zonisamide, each in an SR formulation. Zonisamide, in an immediate release formulation, was approved in the United States for the
adjunctive treatment of partial seizures, a form of epilepsy. We are developing these combinations in an effort to demonstrate adequate efficacy and safety for potential regulatory approval. We have not yet received regulatory approval in the United
States or the European Union for either product candidate. Both NB32 and Empatic regulate appetite and energy
expenditure through central nervous system, or CNS, activity. Results from our clinical trials to date for both NB32 and Empatic have supported our understanding regarding CNS regulation of appetite and energy expenditure. All four of our completed
Phase III clinical trials evaluating NB32 met their co-primary endpoints as well as key secondary endpoints, showing a significant reduction in body weight, improvements in cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors and reductions in selected food
craving measures. In these four 56-week, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trials, which together formed our Contrave Obesity Research, or COR, program, NB32 was generally well tolerated by patients, with an overall safety profile that
was consistent with its individual components. We believe the results from the COR program of more than 4,500 patients exceed the FDA s categorical efficacy benchmark for clinically significant weight loss. Results from our Phase II and Phase
IIb clinical trials evaluating Empatic have also demonstrated what we believe to be robust efficacy and acceptable safety and tolerability. Our latest Phase IIb clinical trial for Empatic was a 24-week, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled
trial that evaluated 729 patients. This Phase IIb trial met its primary efficacy endpoint by demonstrating statistically significant greater weight loss for both Empatic doses administered in the trial compared to the monotherapies and placebo.
 We submitted a New Drug Application, or NDA, for NB32 to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, in
March 2010. In December 2010, the FDA s Endocrinologic and Metabolic Drugs Advisory Committee, or the EMDAC, voted 13 to 7 that the available clinical data adequately demonstrate that the potential benefits of NB32 outweigh the potential risks
when used long-term in a population of overweight and obese individuals and supported approval. The EMDAC also voted 11 to 8 (with one EMDAC member abstaining from the vote) that a dedicated study to examine the drug s effect on risk for major
adverse cardiac events, or MACE, should be conducted as a post-approval requirement versus pre-approval. In January 2011, we received a complete response letter, or CRL, from the FDA regarding our NDA for NB32. A CRL is issued by the FDA when the
review of an NDA is completed and questions remain that preclude the approval of the NDA in its current form. The CRL for NB32 indicated that the FDA could not approve the NDA in its present form primarily due to concerns regarding the
cardiovascular safety profile of NB32 when used long-term in a population of overweight and obese patients. The CRL stated that before our NDA could be approved, we must conduct a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of sufficient size
and duration to demonstrate that the risk of MACE in overweight and obese patients treated with NB32 does not adversely affect the drug s benefit-risk profile. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 In September 2011, following a meeting with senior officials in the
FDA s Office of New Drugs, or OND, we received written correspondence from the director of the OND detailing the OND s design requirements for a randomized, double- blind, placebo-controlled cardiovascular outcomes trial, or CVOT, for NB32
that would address the CRL. We initiated the CVOT, which we refer to as the Light Study, in June 2012 and completed screening in December 2012, which resulted in approximately 8,900 patients randomized to treatment. We enrolled a patient population
that we predicted would have an annualized MACE rate between 1 and 2 . The FDA previously agreed that if the interim analysis of the Light Study meets the specified criteria to exclude cardiovascular risk, NB32 could be approved. The pre-specified
criteria for the interim analysis is to exclude a hazard ratio of 2.0, using the upper bound of the 95 confidence interval, for excess risk MACE in patients receiving NB32 as compared to placebo. In November 2013, we announced successful results of
the interim analysis of the Light Study. In addition to meeting the pre-specified criteria for excluding cardiovascular risk, no new safety signals were observed. 
 In December 2013, we resubmitted the NDA for NB32 to the FDA, seeking approval for NB32 and in January 2014, the FDA
assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, goal date of June 10, 2014 for its review of the resubmission. Pursuant to an agreement with the FDA, the independent Data Monitoring Committee s summary report of the interim analysis
from the Light Study formed the basis of the resubmission of the NDA, and the clinical study report for the interim analysis was supplied to the FDA in February 2014. 
 In our series of discussions with the FDA on the continued development of Empatic, the FDA stated
that Phase III data for Empatic may be sufficient to support submission of an NDA without data from a cardiovascular outcomes trial. The FDA indicated that as long as the placebo-subtracted changes in body weight, blood pressure and heart rate for
Empatic are similar to or more favorable than the placebo-subtracted changes observed with NB32, and there are no signals of cardiovascular concern in the Empatic development program, reassuring results of a cardiovascular outcomes trial with NB32
will be sufficient. In addition, while the FDA reiterated its belief that the preclinical teratogenicity data for zonisamide and the pregnancy outcome data with Empatic from the Phase II clinical trials are very concerning, it will allow Phase
III studies of Empatic to include women of childbearing potential with a body mass index, or BMI, >27
kg/m 2 in the presence of at least one weight-related
comorbidity such as hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus or dyslipidemia and a BMI >30 kg/m 2 without additional restrictions if appropriate safety measures and adequate informed consent are provided. The FDA noted that similar safety measures and understanding of risk in the Phase III trials may
need to be applied in the intended marketed population if Empatic is approved. The FDA added that additional worrisome pregnancy outcome data in the Empatic trials may have an impact on approvability, labeling or a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation
Strategy, or REMS. Prior to initiating Phase III studies of Empatic, we plan to seek a collaboration partner to help fund Phase III clinical development and, if approved, commercialization of Empatic. 
 We maintain an aggressive intellectual property strategy, which includes patent and trademark filings in multiple
jurisdictions including the United States and other commercially significant markets. We hold patents in the United States and Europe that cover the composition of NB32 (bupropion and naltrexone, both in an SR formulation), as well as the use of
NB32 for the treatment of obesity. These U.S. patents expire in 2025 and 2024, respectively. We also hold an exclusive license to an issued U.S. patent covering the Empatic composition and methods of use in obesity. This patent expires in 2023.
In addition, we own or have exclusive rights to numerous patent applications currently pending in the United States and in jurisdictions outside of the United States with respect to various compositions, methods of use and formulations relating to
NB32 and/or Empatic. We are developing our product candidates for large markets traditionally served by
primary care physicians. In order to effectively promote NB32 to these physicians, in September 2010, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, or Takeda, to develop and commercialize NB32 in the United
States, Canada and Mexico. Subject to certain terms and conditions, the collaboration agreement allows us to co-promote NB32 in the United States. We currently retain marketing rights for NB32 outside the United States, Canada and Mexico and
worldwide marketing rights for Empatic. We may consider entering into 
 3 

Table of Contents 

additional collaborations with other pharmaceutical companies for territories outside the United States, Canada and Mexico and/or for Empatic with the sales force and marketing resources to
adequately address the large primary care physician audience. We may also consider utilizing the resources of a contract sales organization or other third-party vendor to optimize our sales and marketing efforts outside the United States, Canada and
Mexico for NB32, or with respect to Empatic depending on the terms of any collaboration agreement we may enter into for Empatic. The
Obesity Epidemic Obesity is a serious condition that is growing in prevalence and afflicts populations
worldwide. In 1980, approximately 15 of the adult population in the United States was obese, according to the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, or NHANES. By 2010, the obesity rate had more than doubled to approximately 36 of the
U.S. population of adults over 20 years of age, according to the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or the CDC. According to a November 2009 report from the United Health Foundation, the American Public Health Association
and Partnership for Prevention, it is estimated that by 2018, 43 of the U.S. adult population will be obese. In addition, obesity rates are projected to exceed 50 in 39 U.S. states by 2030, according to an October 2012 article in the Journal of
the American Medical Association. The growing prevalence of obesity has increasingly been recognized as a
significant public health problem. The CDC has identified obesity as a chronic disease that is one of the leading causes of preventable deaths in the United States. Approximately 300,000 deaths per year in the United States are associated with
obesity, according to the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS. Obesity is also a significant health problem outside of the United States. According to the World Health Organization, there are as many as 1.5 billion people worldwide
considered to be overweight, of whom at least 500 million are estimated to be obese. Excessive body
weight is also associated with various physical complications that are often present and exacerbated by the obese condition. Diabetes, cancer, hypertension, high cholesterol, coronary artery disease, sleep apnea, liver and pulmonary disease, among
others, are seen in greater prevalence among the obese than the general population, according to HHS and The Obesity Society. Beyond these consequences, a number of co-morbidities involving the CNS may be complicated by obesity. These co-morbidities
include anxiety, depression, substance abuse, chronic pain and insomnia. According to our market research, physicians in the United States report that approximately 63 of their obese patients have been diagnosed with depression or display signs and
symptoms of untreated depression. We believe there is a growing recognition within the medical community that obesity significantly exacerbates these conditions and other co-morbidities. 
 Obesity and its co-morbidities are believed to cause significant added cost to the health care system. According to a
January 2012 article in the Journal of Health Economics, annual U.S. obesity-related medical costs amount to an estimated 209.7 billion, which means that approximately 20.6 of U.S. national health expenditures are spent treating obesity-related
illness. A 2009 study examining the future impact of obesity on direct health care expenses projected these expenditures to increase to approximately 344 billion per year by 2018. Obesity has been linked to a more than one-quarter increase in
health spending since the mid-1980s. We expect that more effective treatment of obesity may also be a cornerstone in managing its co-morbidities. While there has been a broad recognition of obesity as a public health crisis, we believe that the obesity epidemic will continue to be a major cause of morbidity, mortality and excess health care costs
in the United States. Despite the obesity rate, increasing public interest in the obesity epidemic and significant medical repercussions and economic costs associated with obesity, we believe there continues to be a need for more effective
pharmacological interventions. Limitations of Current Obesity Therapies 
 Treatments for obesity consist of behavioral modification, pharmaceutical therapies and surgical interventions including
device implantation. Modifications to diet and exercise are the preferred initial treatment 
 4 

Table of Contents 

in obesity according to the National Institutes of Health. However, the rigors of behavioral modification often cause significant attrition over time and thus often results in regaining weight.
When pharmaceutical therapies or surgical interventions are recommended, it is generally after behavioral modification alone has failed. In 2013, the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists published treatment guidelines for obese or
overweight patients with type 2 diabetes or pre-diabetes that include anti-obesity pharmacotherapy in conjunction with lifestyle modification for certain patients. 
 Bariatric surgery, including gastric bypass and gastric banding procedures, is employed in more extreme cases, typically
for patients with a BMI exceeding 40. Gastric banding procedures are also approved for patients with a BMI greater than 30 who are experiencing one or more obesity related co-morbidities. Surgery can be associated with significant side effects,
potential complications including mortality, and substantial costs and recovery time. Certain device implantations used as therapies, such as neuromodulation, are not yet approved by the FDA. 
 Orlistat, phentermine, phentermine/topiramate, and lorcaserin are pharmaceutical products that have
been approved for the treatment of obesity in the United States. Orlistat is marketed in the United States by Genentech, Inc. under the brand name Xenical , and is generally prescribed for short-term use. An extensive meta-analysis of various clinical trials published in the Annals of Internal Medicine in April 2005
reported that orlistat produces average weight loss of approximately 2.89 kg. Orlistat is associated with gastrointestinal side effects, the nature of which can be socially constraining, as evidenced in the FDA approved product information. These
include flatulence, fecal incontinence and urgency. Orlistat was also launched in 2007 by GlaxoSmithKline in over-the-counter form at half the prescribed dose under the brand name all . Phentermine is also generally prescribed for short-term use. Phentermine is a Schedule IV controlled substance and, according to the FDA approved product
information, has an amphetamine-like profile, an increased risk for abuse potential and may be associated with adverse cardiovascular or CNS effects. Vivus, Inc. commercially launched its combination phentermine/topiramate product in the United
States under the name Qsymia in September 2012. In June 2013, Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Arena, and its partner Eisai Inc., commercially launched its product in the United States under the name Belviq . Both of these drugs have an
increased risk for abuse potential and are therefore designated as Schedule IV controlled substances. The FDA also required a REMS for Qsymia to inform prescribers and women of reproductive potential about the increased risk of congenital
malformation in infants exposed to Qsymia in early pregnancy. The Qsymia REMS program also requires that the drug is available only through certified pharmacies. 
 Less than 2 of the obese population in the United States was treated with a pharmaceutical intervention in 2005,
according to a September 2006 report by Frost Sullivan. This represented approximately five million total U.S. prescriptions, which we believe substantially understates the potential demand for effective treatments. By 2008, the
number of total U.S. prescriptions for obesity products had increased to only approximately 7.8 million. In 2012, we conducted quantitative market research with 1,000 physicians, that suggests the U.S. market for obesity therapeutics could grow
3 to 4 fold within five years from a 2012 base of approximately 7.8 million prescriptions. We believe this history and research, combined with the substantial economic cost associated with obesity, underscores the unmet need and the potential
for novel therapeutics to dramatically grow the market for obesity therapies. The Orexigen Solution for Obesity 
 We believe, and our research suggests that the CNS plays an important role in the regulation of appetite and energy
expenditure. The brain, specifically the hypothalamus, plays a critical role in governing many fundamental processes throughout the body. The hypothalamus receives chemical and hormonal stimuli from various sources, including glucose, insulin,
leptin and the peptides secreted by the gut as it processes food. These inputs govern a person s appetite, satiety and energy expenditure. The brain contains numerous redundant circuits and compensatory mechanisms to preserve body weight, which should not be surprising given that maintenance of body weight is essential to survival. Such
mechanisms 
 5 

Table of Contents 

are invoked in the presence of weight loss whether intentional (in the case of diet) or not (in the case of starvation). Moreover, in order to appropriately motivate humans to seek food, reward
circuitries in the brain stimulate the urge to consume higher calorie food and in turn reward that behavior. The craving cycle is particularly intense with highly palatable foods, such as sweets. 
 Existing weight loss products that do not work by acting on the CNS cause some weight loss for most patients. We believe
their modest effect stems from their failure to address these natural compensatory mechanisms in the body. As a result, most of these products have been vulnerable to a weight loss plateau typically seen after several months of therapy. In addition,
they generally do not address the behavioral elements that contribute to unhealthy eating behaviors and, ultimately, obesity. We believe our product candidates sustain weight loss by preventing the body s natural tendency to counteract efforts
to lose weight. In addition, with NB32 in particular, we are attempting to target the underlying behavioral mechanisms of craving and reward that drive excess consumption. Our Product Candidates NB32 
 NB32 is a fixed dose combination of bupropion SR and naltrexone SR. We chose these constituents based on our understanding
of the circuitries in the brain that regulate appetite and energy balance. In particular, naltrexone was chosen as a complement to bupropion in order to block compensating mechanisms that attempt to prevent long-term, sustained weight loss. We hold
patents in the United States that cover the composition of NB32 (bupropion SR and naltrexone SR), as well as the use of NB32 for the treatment of obesity. We have also filed additional U.S. patents covering various aspects of NB32. In addition, we
own or have exclusive rights to numerous patent applications currently pending in various jurisdictions outside of the United States with respect to compositions, methods of use and formulations relating to NB32. 
 Naltrexone was approved in the United States in 1984 for the treatment of opioid addiction and in
1994 for the treatment of alcoholism. It is marketed under the brand names Depade , ReVia , and in an injectable extended release formulation, Vivitrol , which was approved in 2006 for the treatment of alcohol dependence and expanded in 2010 to include prevention of relapse to opioid dependence. Naltrexone immediate
release formulation became available in generic form in the United States in 1998. Naltrexone works by blocking opioid receptors in the brain and inhibits the reinforcing aspects of addictive substances, reducing their perceived reward. Naltrexone
was evaluated in the 1980s for weight loss and was shown to have negligible effects in clinical trials. Nausea is a well-known side effect associated with naltrexone immediate release that affects its tolerability. In our NB32 Phase II clinical
trials, we used the generic immediate release formulation of naltrexone. In our Phase III clinical trials, naltrexone was delivered in our proprietary SR formulation in order to improve its tolerability. 
 Bupropion was approved for marketing in the United States in 1985 for depression, marketed under the
brand name Wellbutrin , and in 1997 for smoking cessation, marketed under the brand name Zyban . The immediate release version became available in generic form in the United States in 1999. Bupropion SR became
available in generic form in the United States in 2004 and bupropion XL became available in generic form in the United States in December 2006. Bupropion is active at the neuronal uptake site for the neurotransmitters dopamine and norepinephrine.
Functionally, bupropion is thought to increase the level of dopamine activity at specific receptors in the brain, which appears to lead to a reduction in appetite and increase in energy expenditure. In the 12-month period ending in August 2012,
prescriptions of bupropion in the United States totaled approximately 26.6 million, according to IMS Health. Bupropion has become popular in the treatment of depression not only for its clinical efficacy, but also its attractive side effect
profile relative to other antidepressants on the market. One of the reported side effects of bupropion in clinical trials for the treatment of depression was modest weight loss. Subsequently, bupropion has been studied for weight loss; results have
shown approximately 3 placebo-corrected weight loss before reaching plateau, according to a study published in the October 2002 issue of Obesity Research. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Scientific Rationale 
 The two drug constituents of NB32 were chosen in order to leverage the brain s normal circuitry and biochemistry to
reduce appetite, expend more calories, diminish food craving and food-based reward, and block compensating mechanisms that attempt to prevent long-term, sustained weight loss. Bupropion has been shown in studies to activate the proopiomelanocortin,
or POMC, neurons within an area in the hypothalamus known as the arcuate nucleus. Increased firing of POMC neurons appears to lead to a reduction of appetite and an increase in energy expenditure. This is a major pathway by which naturally occurring
peptides regulate body weight. Bupropion-induced stimulation of POMC activates this weight loss pathway. 
 Stimulation of POMC also produces beta-endorphin, an opioid occurring naturally in the body. Our early research
identified a receptor on the POMC neuron that recognizes beta-endorphin. We discovered that by binding to this receptor, beta-endorphin serves as a brake on the POMC system. Left unchecked, this braking system acts to reduce POMC firing rates, thus
moderating potential weight loss and likely explaining the characteristic plateau in weight loss. Based on this discovery, we chose naltrexone as the second component in NB32. Naltrexone is a potent opioid receptor antagonist which competes with
beta-endorphin, thus limiting its access at the receptor on the POMC neuron. When bupropion and naltrexone are co-administered, they both induce an increase in POMC firing that is maintained for an extended duration. This is expected to translate
into a greater weight loss that should be sustained over an extended time period. As a second benefit, both
bupropion and naltrexone are known to act on the reward pathways in the brain that have been implicated in addiction to a number of substances, including food. These reward pathways are primarily regulated by dopamine and endogenous opioids, which
are the targets of bupropion and naltrexone, respectively. Given that both drugs are approved for addiction-related disorders, we expect that together they may attenuate food craving and reward. As a result, we expect that NB32 may have an
additional therapeutic benefit in patients who report food craving or obsession, which drives them to eat even when not hungry. 
 The COR Program We conducted controlled Phase II and Phase IIb clinical trials for NB32 in 657 patients. Based on the results of these trials, we concluded that NB32 showed sufficient efficacy as compared to each
individual monotherapy and placebo and an acceptable safety and tolerability profile to warrant continued development in pivotal Phase III clinical trials. Our Phase III program for NB32 was comprised of four distinct clinical trials that evaluated more than 4,500 patients. Based on our Phase II and Phase IIb trial results and feedback from the
FDA, these four Phase III clinical trials in the COR program were designed to assess three doses of naltrexone SR (16mg, 32mg and 48mg) in combination with a 360mg dose of bupropion SR. All trials in the COR program were 56-week, randomized,
double-blind, placebo-controlled trials. The four Phase III clinical trials in the COR program are
described as follows: 

COR-I (formerly NB-301) : A trial designed to assess the safety, tolerability and efficacy of NB32 (32mg naltrexone SR plus 360mg bupropion
SR) and NB16 (16mg naltrexone SR plus 360mg bupropion SR) versus placebo in 1,742 overweight/obese patients. This trial incorporated a typical diet and exercise regimen and was conducted across 34 U.S. centers. 

COR-II (formerly NB-303) : A trial designed to assess the safety, tolerability and efficacy of NB32 versus placebo in 1,496 overweight/obese
patients. This trial incorporated a typical diet and exercise regimen and was conducted across 36 U.S. centers. After week 28, patients not achieving 5 weight loss were re-randomized in a blinded fashion to assess whether increasing the dose to
NB48 (48mg naltrexone SR plus 360mg bupropion SR) would result in additional weight loss. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

COR-Diabetes (formerly NB-304) : A trial designed to assess the safety, tolerability and efficacy of NB32 versus placebo in 505
overweight/obese patients with Type 2 diabetes. This trial incorporated a typical diet and exercise regimen and was conducted across 53 U.S. centers. 

COR-BMOD (formerly NB-302) : A trial designed to assess the safety, tolerability and efficacy of NB32 versus placebo in 793 overweight/obese
patients in combination with an intensive behavior modification protocol, including dietary counseling, behavioral therapy and exercise. This trial was conducted across nine U.S. centers. This trial included the most intensive behavior modification
regimen of the COR program, which resulted, as expected, in a high degree of weight loss among placebo patients. The co-primary endpoints for all four clinical trials in the COR program were the proportion of patients achieving at least 5 weight loss and percent change in body weight compared to placebo. The
co-primary endpoints for COR-I, COR-Diabetes and COR-BMOD were all measured at 56 weeks. The co-primary endpoints for COR-II were measured at 28 weeks. These endpoints were analyzed using a modified intent-to-treat, or ITT, last observation carried
forward on treatment, or LOCF, of all randomized patients who had at least one post-baseline observation while on study drug. NB32 was administered twice a day with a four week titration period in COR-I, COR-Diabetes and COR-BMOD. NB32 was
administered twice a day with a five week titration period in COR-II. All four clinical trials met their co-primary endpoints. The 56-week results for all four clinical trials in the COR program are as follows: 

COR-I 

ITT 

Completers 

56 weeks 

56 weeks 

NB32 (n=471) 

Placebo (n=511) 

NB32 (n=296) 

Placebo (n=290) 

Mean Weight Loss ) 

6.1 

1.3 

8.1 

1.8 

Mean Weight Loss (lbs) 

13.3 

3.0 

17.5 

4.1 

Greater than or equal to 5 weight loss ) 

48.0 

16.4 

61.8 

23.1 

Greater than or equal to 10 weight loss ) 

24.6 

7.4 

34.5 

10.7 

Difference from placebo, p 

Those patients completing 56 weeks of treatment. 
 ITT, LOCF patients administered NB16 (n=471) experienced mean weight loss from baseline of 5.0 at 56 weeks; 39.5 
of patients lost greater than or equal to 5 of their body weight at 56 weeks and 20.2 of patients lost greater than or equal to 10 of their body weight at 56 weeks. 

COR-II 

ITT 

Completers 

56 weeks 

56 weeks 

NB32 (n=702) 

Placebo (n=456) 

NB32 (n=434) 

Placebo (n=267) 

Mean Weight Loss ) 

6.4 

1.2 

8.2 

1.4 

Mean Weight Loss (lbs) 

13.8 

2.9 

17.5 

3.4 

Greater than or equal to 5 weight loss ) 

50.5 

17.1 

64.9 

21.7 

Greater than or equal to 10 weight loss ) 

28.3 

5.7 

39.4 

7.9 

Co-primary endpoints for COR-II were the proportion of patients achieving at least 5 weight loss and percent change in body weight compared to
placebo at 28 weeks. ITT patients (n=1,281) at 28 weeks experienced mean weight loss from baseline of 6.5 versus 1.9 for placebo; 55.6 of patients lost greater than or equal to 5 of their body weight at 28 weeks versus 17.5 for placebo and
27.3 of patients lost greater than or equal to 10 of their body weight at 28 weeks versus 7.0 for placebo. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Those patients completing 56 weeks of treatment. 

Pre-specified exploratory analysis; NB32 patients not achieving 5 weight loss double weighted because NB48 patients were excluded from efficacy
analysis. There was no statistical difference between patients re-randomized to NB32 or NB48. 

Difference from placebo, p 

COR-BMOD 

ITT 

Completers 

56 weeks 

56 weeks 

NB32 (n=482) 

Placebo (n=193) 

NB32 (n=301) 

Placebo (n=106) 

Mean Weight Loss ) 

9.3 

5.1 

11.5 

7.3 

Mean Weight Loss (lbs) 

20.3 

11.0 

25.0 

16.0 

Greater than or equal to 5 weight loss ) 

66.4 

42.5 

80.4 

60.4 

Greater than or equal to 10 weight loss ) 

41.5 

20.2 

55.2 

30.2 

Difference from placebo, p 

Those patients completing 56 weeks of treatment. 

COR-D IABETES 

ITT 

Completers 

56 weeks 

56 weeks 

NB32 (n=265) 

Placebo (n=159) 

NB32 (n=175) 

Placebo (n=100) 

Mean Weight Loss ) 

5.0 

1.8 

5.9 

2.2 

Mean Weight Loss (lbs) 

11.6 

4.2 

13.5 

5.1 

Greater than or equal to 5 weight loss ) 

44.5 

18.9 

53.1 

24.0 

Greater than or equal to 10 weight loss ) 

18.5 

5.7 

26.3 

8.0 

Difference from placebo, p 

Those patients completing 56 weeks of treatment. 
 Secondary endpoints included multiple measures of cardiometabolic risk, food cravings and eating control. Measures of
hemoglobin A1c, or HbA1c, and other measures of glycemic control were also key secondary endpoints in the COR-Diabetes trial. Secondary endpoints that demonstrated clinically and statistically significant improvements over placebo across the entire
COR program included cardiometabolic risk factors such as waist circumference, HDL cholesterol and triglycerides. Patients enrolled in the COR program also experienced reductions in the frequency and strength of food cravings and an increased
ability to control their eating compared to placebo. In the COR-Diabetes trial, patients administered NB32 showed a reduction in HbA1c of 0.6 from baseline, compared to a 0.1 reduction in placebo. 
 The overall discontinuation rates across the COR program ranged from 42 to 51 for the NB32 treated groups compared to
41 to 50 for the placebo groups. The discontinuation rates due to adverse events across the COR program ranged from 19 to 29 for the NB32 treated groups compared to 10 to 15 for the placebo groups. The most frequent adverse events leading to
discontinuation for patients taking NB32 were nausea, headache, vomiting and dizziness. Nausea was the leading adverse event resulting in discontinuation; however, for the majority of patients experiencing nausea, it was mild to moderate, transient
and manageable. The most frequently observed treatment-emergent adverse events were nausea, constipation and headache. Across the entire COR program, seven serious adverse events were attributed by investigators as possibly related to NB32
treatment. These included cholecystitis (gallbladder inflammation) (2), seizure (2), palpitations (1), paresthesia (1) and vertigo (1). In addition, there was one death of a patient on NB32 that was not attributed by investigators as related to
NB32 treatment, but rather was attributed to a cardiovascular serious adverse event. At week 56, mean blood pressure was generally unchanged from baseline for NB32 patients, compared to placebo
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

patients who tended to experience a slight decrease (approximately 2 mm Hg) from baseline. NB32 treatment did not appear to disrupt the normal circadian pattern of blood pressure. There was a
slight increase in pulse (approximately 1 beat per minute) in NB32 patients, compared to placebo patients whose pulse was generally unchanged. There were no meaningful treatment effects on ECGs or laboratory measures including liver function tests.
Treatment with NB32 was not associated with increases in symptoms of depression or suicidal ideation. We
believe that our clinical trial experience with NB32 has demonstrated and replicated the validity of our naltrexone hypothesis, specifically, that the addition of naltrexone to bupropion permits greater weight loss than bupropion alone and sustains
weight loss beyond 24 weeks. Moreover, in our Phase II clinical trials, NB32 has demonstrated significantly greater weight loss than naltrexone alone as well as placebo. The rate of response (greater than 5 and 10 reduction in body weight
from baseline) has also favored NB32 and provides additional support for our belief that NB32 will provide a clinically relevant alternative for clinicians and obese patients. We believe the results from the COR program exceed the FDA categorical
efficacy benchmark for clinically significant weight loss. Open-Label Study for Smoking Cessation . We
conducted an exploratory, open-label 24-week clinical trial of NB32 for smoking cessation in overweight or obese patients. This trial was conducted in 30 patients across three U.S. centers. The primary endpoint for this trial was the rate of smoking
cessation as defined by patient-reported continuous abstinence during weeks 4-12. Secondary endpoints, which were measured at Week 12 and 24, included: rate of smoking cessation as defined by patient-reported continuous abstinence during weeks 4-24;
percent change from baseline in total body weight; and a number of other key measures. Additionally, measures of safety and tolerability were evaluated. The endpoints were analyzed using ITT, LOCF. 
 In this trial, NB32 significantly reduced cigarette use among obese patients trying to quit smoking and was not
associated with clinically meaningful weight gain. The smoking cessation rates as measured by patient-reported continuous abstinence were 48.1 and 40.7 at Week 12 and 24, respectively. Improvements were also seen in a number of key secondary
endpoints. The most frequent adverse events were nausea, insomnia and constipation. These tended to be transient and mild or moderate in severity. No serious adverse events occurred. Five patients withdrew from this trial due to adverse events.
 Open-Label Study for Obese Depressed Patients . We conducted an exploratory, open-label 24-week
clinical trial assessing the safety and efficacy of NB32 in overweight or obese patients with major depression. This trial was a single-center trial conducted in 25 patients. The primary endpoint for this trial was the change from baseline
in the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale, or MADRS, total score at Week 12. Secondary endpoints included change from baseline in the MADRS total score at Week 24, as well a number of other key measures. Additionally, measures of safety
and tolerability were evaluated. The endpoints were analyzed using ITT, LOCF. In this trial, NB32 showed
a clinically significant reduction in depressive symptoms in the study population, as evidenced by mean decreases from baseline in MADRS total scores of more than 50 at Weeks 12 and 24. Improvements were also seen in a number of key secondary
endpoints. The most frequent adverse events were nausea, constipation, headache and insomnia. These adverse events tended to be moderate in severity. No serious adverse events occurred during the trial that were attributed to treatment with NB32.
Ten patients withdrew from the trial due to adverse events. The Light Study. We submitted the NB32 NDA
to the FDA in March 2010. In January 2011, we received a CRL from the FDA regarding our NDA for NB32. The CRL for NB32 indicated that the FDA could not approve the NDA in its present form primarily due to concerns regarding the cardiovascular safety
profile of NB32 when used long-term in a population of overweight and obese subjects. The CRL stated that before our NDA could be approved, we must conduct a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of sufficient size and duration to
demonstrate that the risk of MACE in overweight and obese patients treated with NB32 does not adversely affect the drug s benefit-risk profile. In September 2011, we received written correspondence detailing the OND s
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

design requirements for a CVOT for NB32 that would address the CRL. Importantly, the FDA stated that if the interim analysis meets the specified criteria to exclude an unacceptable increased
cardiovascular risk, the drug could be approved prior to completion of the CVOT. In February 2012, we reached agreement with the FDA on the Special Protocol Assessment, or SPA, for the CVOT, which we refer to as the Light Study. 
 We initiated the Light Study in June 2012 and completed screening in December 2012, which resulted in approximately 8,900
patients randomized to treatment. We enrolled a patient population that we predicted would have an annualized MACE rate between 1 and 2 . The demographics (age, gender, smoking status, prevalence of cardiovascular disease, diabetes and other
co-morbidities) of the patients randomized into the Light Study to date are in line with the targeted population. In this population, the upper bound of the 95 confidence interval should exclude a hazard ratio of 2.0 and 1.4 at the interim and
final analyses, respectively. The pre-specified criteria established by the FDA for the interim analysis is to exclude a hazard ratio of 2.0, using the upper bound of the 95 confidence interval, for excess risk of MACE in patients receiving NB32 as
compared to placebo. In November 2013, we announced successful results of the interim analysis of the Light
Study. In addition to meeting the pre-specified criteria for excluding cardiovascular risk, no new safety signals were observed. In December 2013, we resubmitted the NDA for NB32 to the FDA, seeking approval for NB32 and in January 2014, the FDA
assigned a PDUFA goal date of June 10, 2014 for its review of the resubmitted NDA. Pursuant to an agreement with the FDA, the independent Data Monitoring Committee s summary report of the interim analysis from the Light Study formed the
basis of the resubmission of the NDA, and the clinical study report for the interim analysis, which would ordinarily form the basis for the NDA resubmission filing, was supplied to the FDA in February 2014. 
 The Light Study is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled cardiovascular outcomes trial that is being conducted
at approximately 265 sites in the United States. The primary objective of the Light Study is to assess NB32 (32 mg naltrexone sustained-release (SR)/360 mg bupropion SR (NB32)) compared to placebo on the occurrence of MACE (cardiovascular death,
nonfatal myocardial infarction or nonfatal stroke) in overweight and obese patients. Of note, weight loss is not a primary or secondary objective of the Light Study as it is primarily a safety trial and the efficacy benchmark has already been
established as acceptable from our Phase III COR program. After a double-blind lead-in period was conducted to exclude patients who exhibit characteristics predictive of lack of compliance or who do not tolerate treatment with NB32 well,
approximately 8,900 eligible patients were randomized with either NB32 or placebo in a 1:1 ratio. The duration of the randomized treatment period (or patient follow-up period for those who discontinue study drug early) is estimated to be between 2-4 years for most patients. The estimated average duration of blinded study drug exposure is approximately 4-6 months at the time of the interim analysis depending
on when the interim analysis occurs and 1.4 years at the time of the final analysis. All patients, regardless
of randomized treatment assignment, will participate in a weight management program tailored for the Light Study. We believe this is a significant value proposition to enhance retention in the Light Study. At week 16 there was an evaluation of
weight loss relative to baseline observations. At that time, patients were discontinued from study drug if they had not lost at least 2 of their body weight or if they sustained (e.g., at 2 or more visits) increases in blood pressure (systolic or
diastolic) of 10 mm Hg or greater, so only appropriate responders moved forward on the study drug after week 16. The Light Study is a large but streamlined trial without frequent site visits or intensive data collection, such as on-trial
blood draws. Every two months between visits beyond week 26, patients will be asked to answer specific questions pertaining to compliance and hospitalizations (potential MACE or serious adverse events), using an
 internet- or telephone-based data collection system. We plan to continue the Light Study, blinded, until the trial is completed, even if the NB32 NDA is approved by the FDA in June 2014. 
 The Ignite Study . In February 2013, we commenced the Ignite Study, a randomized, open-label clinical trial of
242 patients. The Ignite Study is designed to provide additional information regarding the real world weight loss potential of NB32 in combination with a commercially available comprehensive lifestyle intervention
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

program, compared to patients who receive diet and exercise advice from the study site staff but who do not receive NB32. Consistent with current labeling for recently approved anti-obesity
medications, patients in the Ignite Study must achieve a certain amount of weight loss (5 at week 16) and must not have a meaningful increase in blood pressure to remain on medication. The primary endpoint for this trial is change in body weight
after 26 weeks. Secondary endpoints include the percentage of patients achieving 5 and 10 weight loss, waist circumference, lipids, and measures of glucose homeostasis, as well as a number of other key measures. The primary analysis
population is the 26-week per-protocol population. European Marketing Authorization Application. In
October 2013, we submitted a community marketing authorization, or Community MA, application for NB32 to the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, utilizing the EMA s centralized procedure, seeking approval of NB32 in the European Economic Area,
or EEA (which is comprised of the 28 Member States of the European Union plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein), for the management of obesity, including weight loss and maintenance of weight loss, in conjunction with lifestyle modification. As
part of this process, we have established the required pediatric investigation plan, or PIP, which has been agreed to by the EMA s Pediatric Committee. The centralized procedure, for which NB32 is eligible, allows for the simultaneous
approval of a product in all the Member States of the EEA. A Community MA application is reviewed by the EMA s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, or CHMP. After submission and validation of the Community MA application, the CHMP
generally has 210 days to complete its assessment and adopt an opinion on whether or not to recommend the granting of the Community MA. The 210 day period does not include the anticipated clock stops at specified points in the
procedure, typically at day 120 (Consolidated List of Questions) and at day 180 (List of Outstanding Issues). The clock stops allow time for us to address the outstanding questions or issues raised by the CHMP. At day 180, depending on the
List of Outstanding Issues, an oral hearing with the CHMP may be required to address specific issues. Assuming a positive opinion from the CHMP, a final Community MA is granted by the European Commission on day 277 of the procedure, not counting
clock stops as noted above. In line with the above described EMA centralized marketing authorization process,
in February 2014 we received from the EMA s CHMP the Day 120 Consolidated List of Questions regarding our NB32 Community MA. The CHMP s questions are consistent with the issues raised by the FDA during the course of NB32 development and
the initial review of the NDA, such as manufacturing and quality, non-clinical studies, dosing regimen, and, most significantly, cardiovascular safety. Empatic Empatic is a fixed dose combination of
bupropion SR and zonisamide SR. The combination of bupropion and zonisamide, in our screening model, suggested a synergistic increase in POMC neuronal firing, indicating that this drug combination would enhance satiety and energy expenditure. We
have also validated this synergy in rodent models of obesity. Based on the strength of these results we selected this product combination to complement our NB32 clinical development program. We hold an exclusive license to an issued U.S. patent
covering the Empatic composition and methods of use in obesity, and we have filed additional patents covering various compositions, methods of use and formulations. 
 Zonisamide immediate release was approved in the United States in 2000 for the adjunctive treatment
of partial seizures, a form of epilepsy. It is marketed under the brand name Zonegran by Eisai Inc., which
acquired the rights to the product from Elan Pharmaceuticals in 2004. Zonegran became available in generic form in the United States in 2005, and at its peak produced approximately 177 million in annual sales, according to IMS Health. The
precise mechanism of zonisamide is unknown; however, it is believed that zonisamide has a number of pharmacologic mechanisms including sodium-channel modulation and enhancement of dopamine and serotonin neurotransmission. Zonisamide, given alone,
has also shown weight loss in prior clinical trials conducted at Duke University, or Duke. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Scientific Rationale 
 Like NB32, Empatic employs bupropion to stimulate POMC. The second component in Empatic, zonisamide, has been shown in our
research to increase the firing rate of POMC neurons by up to eightfold in the presence of bupropion. We also believe that zonisamide may have one or more additional effects. Within the hypothalamus, a set of neurons acts in a reciprocal way to
POMC. These are referred to as the Neuropeptide Y/Agouti-related peptide, or NPY/AgRP, neurons. Stimulation of NPY/AgRP neurons results in the release of AgRP, which binds to the melanocortin-4, or MC-4, receptor, resulting in an increase in
appetite and energy conservation. The pharmacology of zonisamide has been hypothesized to also inhibit the firing of NPY/AgRP neurons. Strategies that minimize AgRP competition for the MC-4 receptor thus may have the potential to lead to substantive
weight loss. Empatic Clinical Results 
 Phase IIb Clinical Trial (ZB-201). Based on the results of an initial Phase II proof-of-concept clinical
trial for Empatic that enrolled 127 patients across five U.S. centers, we concluded that Empatic showed sufficient efficacy and an acceptable safety and tolerability profile to warrant continued development. In June 2006, we proceeded to study
Empatic in a larger randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase IIb clinical trial exploring several different dosage combinations of bupropion and zonisamide in 623 patients with a BMI between 30 and 43 across 15 U.S. centers. 
 The primary endpoint for this trial was percent change in body weight measured 24 weeks after the start of
treatment. Data were analyzed using ITT, LOCF. For the ITT population, the mean weight loss at 24 weeks ranged from 4.5 of body weight for the lowest dosage tested to 8.6 for the highest dosage tested, versus 1.1 for placebo. Based on these
results, as well as the fact that Empatic appeared safe and generally well tolerated, we decided to take two dosages into further clinical testing. Additional Phase IIb Clinical Trial (ZB-202). We submitted to the FDA the results of the initial Phase IIb clinical trial (ZB-201) at 24 weeks, the primary endpoint. In subsequent
correspondence, the FDA confirmed the design of our next Phase IIb clinical trial. We announced the results of this trial in September 2009. This trial was designed to evaluate Empatic at two different dosages (based on the results of our initial
Phase IIb clinical trial (ZB-201)) against the individual monotherapies and placebo. This 24-week,
double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial evaluated 729 patients across 20 U.S. centers and incorporated a typical diet and exercise regimen. Patients enrolled in this trial had a BMI between 30 and 45, or as low as 27 in the presence of
controlled hypertension or dyslipidemia. The trial studied six arms: placebo, one dose of bupropion monotherapy, two doses of zonisamide monotherapy and two doses of Empatic (360 mg zonisamide SR and 360 mg bupropion SR, or Empatic360/360; and 120
mg of zonisamide SR and 360 mg of bupropion SR, or Empatic120/360). The primary objective of this trial was
to show greater weight loss with Empatic compared to its individual monotherapies and placebo, in accordance with the FDA guidance for combination products. Data were analyzed using ITT, LOCF. This Phase IIb clinical trial met its primary efficacy
endpoint by demonstrating statistically significantly greater weight loss for both Empatic doses compared to monotherapies and placebo. Results showed mean weight loss for Empatic360/360 was 7.5 of body weight versus 1.4 for placebo, 2.3 for
bupropion 360 and 5.3 for zonisamide 360. Mean weight loss for Empatic120/360 was 6.1 of body weight versus 1.4 for placebo, 2.3 for bupropion 360 and 3.2 for zonisamide 120. For the completer population, the mean weight loss at 24 weeks
was 9.9 for Empatic360/360 and 7.7 for Empatic120/360 versus 1.7 for placebo. The overall discontinuation
rates for patients treated with Empatic360/360 and Empatic120/360 were 40.2 and 41.9 , respectively, compared to 40.4 for the placebo group. The discontinuation rates due to adverse events for patients treated with Empatic360/360 and
Empatic120/360 was 23.4 and 24.7 , respectively, compared to 13.5 for the placebo group. The most frequent adverse events, as well as those resulting in 
 13 

Table of Contents 

discontinuation, were headache, nausea and insomnia. Adverse events and laboratory findings appeared to be consistent with the individual components of Empatic. Specifically, infrequent reports
of idiopathic neutropenia, or transient extremely low white blood cell counts, were observed. Sulfonamides, of which zonisamide belongs, are one of many classes of drugs which have been reported to infrequently cause benign idiopathic neutropenia.
There were no serious adverse events attributed by investigators to study drug. There were no statistically or clinically meaningful differences between Empatic and placebo on measures of cognitive function, depression, suicidality or anxiety.
 In our series of discussions with the FDA on the continued development of Empatic, the
FDA stated that Phase III data for Empatic may be sufficient to support submission of an NDA without data from a cardiovascular outcomes trial. The FDA indicated that as long as the placebo-subtracted changes in body weight, blood pressure and heart
rate for Empatic are similar to or more favorable than the placebo-subtracted changes observed with NB32, and there are no signals of cardiovascular concern in the Empatic development program, reassuring results of a cardiovascular outcomes trial
with NB32 will be sufficient. In addition, while the FDA reiterated its belief that the preclinical teratogenicity data for zonisamide and the pregnancy outcome data with Empatic from our Phase II clinical trials are very concerning, it will
allow Phase III studies of Empatic to include women of childbearing potential with a BMI >27 kg/m 2 in the presence of at least one weight-related comorbidity such as hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus or dyslipidemia and a BMI >30 kg/m 2 without additional restrictions if appropriate safety measures and adequate informed consent are provided. The FDA
noted that similar safety measures and understanding of risk in the Phase III trials may need to be applied in the intended marketed population if Empatic is approved. The FDA added that additional worrisome pregnancy outcome data in the Empatic
trials may have an impact on approvability, labeling or REMS. Prior to initiating Phase III studies of Empatic, we plan to seek a collaboration partner to help fund clinical development of and, if approved, commercialization of Empatic. 
 We are following the commercial progress in the United States and the regulatory progress in the European Union of
Vivus phentermine/topiramate product for the treatment of obesity, which also contains an anti-convulsant. We believe the commercial success in the United States and the regulatory outcome and potential labeling in the European Union will
inform the development path and commercial prospects for Empatic. For example, although Vivus obtained FDA approval for phentermine/topiramate, in October 2012 the CHMP adopted an opinion recommending against the approval of the marketing
authorization application for such product due to concerns about its long-term effects on the heart and blood vessels, particularly due to the effects of the phentermine component, its long-term psychiatric effects (depression and anxiety were
reported in the studies) and cognitive effects (such as problems with memory and attention) related to the topiramate component, as well as known risks with topiramate being potentially harmful to the unborn baby if taken by pregnant women. The CHMP
also noted that there was a high probability that, if approved, Vivus product would not be used strictly for the intended patients. Vivus requested a re-examination of the CHMP s opinion. After considering the grounds for this request,
the CHMP re-examined the initial opinion, and confirmed the refusal of the marketing authorization in February 2013. Further, according to Vivus, the CHMP indicated that a pre-approval CVOT would be necessary to establish the long-term safety of its
product. We may face similar negative recommendations with respect to any regulatory filings we submit for our product candidates in the European Union and other geographies. Sales and Marketing We are developing our product
candidates for large markets traditionally served by primary care physicians. In order to effectively promote NB32 to these physicians, in September 2010, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Takeda to develop and commercialize NB32 in the
United States, Canada and Mexico. Subject to certain terms and conditions, the collaboration agreement allows us to co-promote NB32 in the United States. We currently retain marketing rights for NB32 outside the United States, Canada and Mexico and
worldwide marketing rights for Empatic. We may consider entering into additional collaborations with other pharmaceutical companies for territories outside the United States, Canada and Mexico with the sales force and marketing
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

resources to adequately address the large primary care physician audience. Prior to initiating Phase III studies of Empatic, we plan to seek a collaboration partner to help fund clinical
development of and, if approved, commercialization of Empatic. We may also consider utilizing the resources of a contract sales organization or other third-party vendor to optimize our sales and marketing efforts outside the United States, Canada
and Mexico for NB32, or with respect to Empatic depending on the terms of any collaboration agreement we may enter into for Empatic. 
 Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of in-licensed patent rights, our own patent rights, trademarks, trade secrets and know-how to protect NB32 and Empatic. We own or have exclusive rights to several patent
application families currently pending in the United States with respect to various compositions, methods of use and formulations relating to NB32 and/or Empatic. We also have a number of patent applications currently pending in various foreign
countries that correspond to some of the pending U.S. applications. We also seek to protect our trade secrets and our know-how relating to our products and our business. These intellectual property rights are in addition to any regulatory
exclusivity that we may be able to obtain. NB32 is currently protected by U.S. patent number 7,375,111,
which we refer to as the Weber/Cowley composition patent, and U.S. patent number 7,462,626, which we refer to as the Weber/Cowley methods patent. Provided maintenance fees are paid, the Weber/Cowley composition patent is expected to expire in March
2025, and the Weber/Cowley methods patent is expected to expire in July 2024. Collectively, we refer to the Weber/Cowley composition patent and the Weber/Cowley methods patent as the Weber/Cowley patents. Each of these stems from a provisional
patent application that we own but that is the subject of agreements with the Oregon Heath Science University, or OHSU, and Duke requiring us to pay them specified royalties on sales of products covered by the patent applications. These
agreements are described in further detail below. The Weber/Cowley patents cover the current composition of NB32 and methods of administering it to treat obesity. We have also filed a number of international counterparts to these patent applications
in foreign countries. The European Patent Office, or EPO, has granted the European version of the Weber/Cowley patent, which published as EP1617832 B1. This EP patent has issued in numerous countries throughout the European Union and provides
coverage for NB32 until at least 2024. Use of our proprietary tri-layer NB32 tablet for weight loss is protected in the United States by U.S. patent numbers 8,088,786 and 8,318,788, which are expected to expire in February 2029 and November 2027,
respectively. Additional patent applications related to NB32 remain pending in the U.S. and throughout the world. We have also filed patent applications in the United States and certain foreign countries under the Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, which is an international treaty providing a unified procedure under
which the initial filing of a single patent application can provide an effective filing date in each participating country in which appropriate steps are subsequently taken. Such steps have been taken in various foreign countries, including
countries in Europe and Japan, with respect to our PCT filings directed to various treatment and formulation aspects of NB32. Thus, we now have patent applications pending in those countries (along with our previous filings in the United States and
certain non-PCT countries) that seek to provide further protection for NB32. However, we cannot provide assurance that the claims in these patent applications will issue in their current form or at all. 
 We have received U.S. trademark registration number 3393576 for the mark CONTRAVE for use in connection with
pharmaceutical preparations for use in the treatment of obesity and inducing weight loss. An application for the CONTRAVE mark has been allowed in the United States in connection with certain printed materials and medical information services. We
have also obtained foreign trademark registrations for the mark CONTRAVE in Canada, Europe and Japan. In addition, applications for a Contrave logo for use in connection with pharmaceutical preparations for use in the treatment of obesity and
inducing weight loss, certain printed materials and medical information services has been filed in the U.S., and is pending in Canada. The Contrave logo is also registered in Europe and Japan. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Empatic is currently protected in the United States by U.S. Patent
Number 7,109,198, which is based on the work of Dr. Kishore Gadde, and which we refer to as the Gadde patent and have licensed on an exclusive basis from Duke pursuant to a patent license described in further detail below. The Gadde patent,
which is expected to expire in 2023, provides basic composition of matter coverage for the Empatic zonisamide/bupropion combination and also covers methods of using Empatic to treat obesity and to reduce the risk of hypertension, diabetes or
dyslipidemia. A continuation patent application, related to the Gadde patent and also exclusively licensed to us, issued as U.S. Patent Number 7,425,571. This patent covers methods of using zonisamide (including in combination with bupropion)
to cause weight loss, and provides additional coverage for methods of using Empatic to treat obesity until 2023. We have also exclusively licensed from Duke an international patent application that was filed as counterpart applications to the Gadde
patent in several foreign countries. These applications have issued in several countries and are currently pending in others; however, there is no assurance that the claims in these applications will issue in their currently pending form or at all.
Our filings directed to formulations and use of SR zonisamide, an ingredient in Empatic, include U.S. patent number 7,754,748, which issued in July 2010, and pending patent application in certain non-PCT countries, Europe and Japan. These filings
seek to provide additional protection for Empatic, but we cannot provide assurance that the claims in these patent applications will issue in their current form or at all. We have received a Notice of Allowance from the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office for the intent-to-use trademark application for the mark EMPATIC for use in connection with pharmaceutical preparations for the treatment of obesity and inducing weight loss, various printed materials, and medical information services.
Foreign trademark registrations have issued in Europe and Japan for the mark EMPATIC, and an application remains pending in Canada. We have received U.S. trademark registration number 3396021 for our corporate logo for use in connection with pharmaceutical preparations and substances for the treatment of obesity, inducement of
weight loss and prevention of weight gain. We have obtained trademark registrations in Canada, Europe and Japan for the same mark. In addition, we have received U.S. trademark registration number 3396807 for our corporate name OREXIGEN for use
in connection with pharmaceutical preparations for the treatment of disorders of the CNS, printed instructional, educational and teaching materials in the field of treatment and management of disorders of the CNS, and providing medical information
in the field of disorders of the CNS. We have obtained trademark registrations in Canada, Europe and Japan for the same mark. We have obtained foreign trademark registrations for the corporate name Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. in Europe and
Japan. Collaboration and Licensing Agreements Collaboration Agreement with Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited In September 2010, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Takeda to develop and commercialize NB32 in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Under the terms of the collaboration agreement, we
received an upfront cash payment of 50 million from Takeda, and we are eligible to receive additional payments of over 1 billion upon achieving certain anniversary, regulatory and sales-based milestones, including 100 million that can be
achieved between regulatory approval and the first commercial sale of NB32 in the United States, Canada and Mexico and 45 million in anniversary milestones. We are also eligible to receive tiered royalty payments ranging from a minimum of 20 to a
maximum of 35 , subject to customary reductions, on increasing levels of net sales in the United States, Canada and Mexico. The collaboration agreement provides that Takeda will be responsible for commercialization costs and activities. Takeda has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts in commercializing NB32 in the
United States, Canada and Mexico in addition to specified commercial diligence commitments in the first three years in the United States after product launch, if at all. Subject to certain terms and conditions, the collaboration agreement also
allows us to co-promote NB32 in the United States and, subject to certain limitations, Takeda shall be responsible for certain commercialization costs associated with our co-promote sales force. 
 We will bear all costs and be responsible for development activities conducted prior to approval of the NDA for NB32 by
the FDA. Both parties will conduct development activities after NDA approval; however, we have 
 16 

Table of Contents 

the right to perform a certain percentage of such activities. Once we have paid for 60 million of post-approval development activities, Takeda will generally be responsible for 75 of the
post-approval development costs and we will be responsible for 25 of such costs, except for certain clinical safety trial costs for which we will be responsible for 50 of such costs. 
 As a part of the collaboration agreement, Takeda has committed to purchase its requirements of NB32 from us. Pursuant to
an amendment to the collaboration agreement entered into in October 2013, Takeda assumed from us the responsibility to package NB32 for commercial sale. At any time during the term of the collaboration agreement, Takeda may elect, subject to certain
terms and conditions, to transfer and assume the right and responsibility to manufacture NB32 in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Both parties have agreed not to commercialize any other pharmaceutical product for the treatment of obesity or weight management through a specified date, other than NB32 and any product owned or
controlled by either party as of the date of the collaboration agreement. Unless earlier terminated, the term
of the collaboration agreement shall expire on the first to occur of (1) on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis, upon the expiration of the specified royalty term in such country; or (2) in its entirety upon the expiration of
the specified royalty term in all countries with respect to the last product covered under the agreement commercialized in such countries. Takeda has the right to terminate the agreement upon specified prior written notice. In addition, both parties
have certain termination rights in the circumstance of unexpected product safety issues, and Takeda has certain termination rights in the circumstance of pre-specified post-approval regulatory requirements. Both parties may terminate the agreement
immediately for insolvency of the other party, in the case of a patent challenge by the other party, and, upon certain specified notice, for uncured material breach of terms and conditions of the collaboration agreement. 
 Oregon Health Science University License Agreement 
 In June 2003, we entered into a license agreement with OHSU whereby we acquired an assignment of any rights OHSU may have
to a U.S. provisional patent application that we filed, which formed the basis for the Weber/Cowley patents. These patents, as discussed above, cover the current composition of NB32, including our SR formulation of naltrexone and methods for
using that composition to effect weight loss. OHSU and the inventors have assigned all rights in the underlying invention to us. This license agreement was amended in November 2003, December 2006 and December 2007. 
 As consideration for this license agreement, we paid an upfront fee of 65,000 and issued 76,315 shares of our
common stock to OHSU. We are also obligated to pay a royalty to OHSU on net sales for NB32 and any other products covered by the assigned patent rights. The term of the agreement generally extends until the last of the subject patent rights expire, which is expected to occur in 2025. We may unilaterally terminate the agreement and/or any licenses in any
country upon specified written notice to OHSU. OHSU may terminate the agreement upon delivery of written notice if we commit a material breach of our obligations and fail to remedy the breach within a specified period or may immediately terminate
the agreement upon the delivery of written notice concerning the occurrence of specified bankruptcy proceedings. In addition, upon written notice and our failure to remedy any of the following breaches within a specified period, OHSU may terminate
or modify the agreement: if we cannot demonstrate to OHSU s satisfaction that we have taken, or can be expected to take within a reasonable time, effective steps to achieve practical application of the licensed products and/or licensed
processes; or if we have willfully made a false statement of, or willfully omitted, a material fact in any report required by the agreement; or if we commit a substantial breach of a covenant or agreement contained in the license. Under the terms of
the agreement, we are responsible for all prosecution and maintenance (including all costs associated with the enforcement) of any patent applications that stem from the assigned rights, and for any patents that have or may issue with respect
thereto, including the Weber/Cowley patents. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to assigning us any rights it had in our provisional patent
application directed to the NB32 combination of naltrexone and bupropion, OHSU has licensed to us, on an exclusive basis, the issued patent underlying the in vitro model that we have used for screening combination therapies for impact on
neuronal activity. Our rights to this model extend through the expiration of the patent, which is expected to occur in 2024. We have the right to grant sublicenses to third parties for this patented technology, subject to our obligation to pay OHSU
a royalty on revenue received by us from the sale of any products covered under such sublicensing arrangements. Under the terms of the agreement, OHSU is solely responsible for the prosecution, maintenance and enforcement (including all costs
associated therewith) of this patent; however, we are required to pay 100 of the prosecution and maintenance expenses incurred by OHSU in connection with these patent rights. As of December 31, 2013, we have paid a total of approximately
 118,000 in connection with the maintenance and prosecution of this patent. In addition, OHSU has the right to not file any patent application or to abandon any patent or patent application included in the patent rights, in which case it must
provide us 60 days prior written notice and, in response, we may elect at our sole cost to pursue these actions. 
 Duke University License Agreement In March 2004, we entered into a patent license agreement with Duke whereby we acquired an exclusive worldwide license to the Gadde patent. The Gadde patent is a U.S. patent covering the composition
of Empatic and methods for using Empatic to treat obesity and reduce the risk of hypertension, diabetes or dyslipidemia. Under the agreement, we also acquired a license to an issued patent covering methods of using zonisamide (including in
combination with bupropion) to cause weight loss and an international patent application, and any patents or patent applications that ultimately issue therefrom. The license agreement was amended in December 2004, July 2006 and June 2011.
 As consideration for this license, we issued 442,624 shares of our common stock to Duke and may be
required to make future milestone payments totaling 1.7 million upon the achievement of various milestones related to regulatory or commercial events. We are also obligated to pay a royalty on net sales of products covered by the license. We
have the right to grant sublicenses to third parties, subject to our obligation to pay Duke a royalty on any revenue we receive from such sublicensing arrangements. In addition, under this agreement we are obligated to pay Duke a specified royalty
on sales of products covered by the Weber/Cowley patent applications. The term of the agreement generally
extends until the last licensed patent right expires, which is expected to occur in 2023. Either party may terminate the agreement upon delivery of written notice if the other party commits fraud, willful misconduct, or illegal conduct of the other
party with respect to the subject matter of the agreement. In addition, either party may terminate the agreement upon delivery of written notice if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations and fails to remedy the breach within a
specified period. We may also voluntarily terminate the agreement upon delivery of written notice within a specified time period. Duke may terminate the agreement upon delivery of written notice if we fail to meet certain specified milestones of the
agreement and fail to remedy such a breach within the specified period. In addition, Duke may terminate the agreement upon specified bankruptcy, liquidation or receivership proceedings. 
 Under this agreement, we have the responsibility to defend and/or settle any third-party patent infringement claims,
assume all costs associated therewith and, to the extent these claims result from our activities or those of our sublicensees and not from Duke s activities, indemnify Duke for any damages resulting therefrom. In the case of third-party
infringement of the licensed patents, we have the right, but not the obligation, to either settle or prosecute at our own expense any such infringement. Duke has the right, but not the obligation, to join in any suit we commence at our expense and,
if we do not undertake action within three months of being made aware of infringing activity, the right to commence its own suit at Duke s expense. In June 2011, we entered into an amendment to our license agreement. The amendment provides, among other things, for the extension of certain diligence milestones we are required to meet with respect to
the development of Empatic. As of December 31, 2013, we have paid to Duke a total of approximately 650,000 to extend such diligence milestones. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Manufacturing 
 To date, our products used in clinical trials have been produced by outside contractors under our supervision. 
 We use Patheon Pharmaceuticals and Patheon Inc., or collectively Patheon, to manufacture NB32 and placebo tablets for the
Light Study. Patheon currently provides our clinical quantities on a proposal-by-proposal basis under a master agreement for pharmaceutical development services that we originally entered into in February 2007, and amended and restated in March
2010. Either party may terminate the agreement upon notice if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations and fails to remedy the breach within a specified time period. In addition, we may terminate the agreement immediately for any
business reason. To date, we have contracted for a sufficient amount of NB32 and placebo tablets to cover the supply needs for the Light Study. In March 2010, we entered into a manufacturing services agreement with Patheon, pursuant to which Patheon has agreed to manufacture commercial quantities of our NB32 tablet products. Under the terms of
the manufacturing agreement, as amended by the parties in November 2013, we are required to purchase a certain percentage of our requirements for our NB32 tablet products intended for commercial sale, provided certain terms and conditions are met.
 The initial term of the manufacturing agreement commenced on March 12, 2010 and
continues in effect until December 31 st of the year
that is five years from the date NB32 first receives approval for marketing from the FDA or any other foreign regulatory agencies competent to grant marketing approvals for pharmaceutical products. Upon expiration of the initial term, the agreement
will be automatically renewed for additional two year terms. Patheon may terminate the manufacturing agreement at any time upon specified prior written notice to us. We may also terminate the agreement with specified prior written notice to Patheon,
subject to our payment of certain termination amounts. Either party may terminate the agreement effective immediately upon written notice to the other in the event that (1) the other party dissolves, is declared insolvent or bankrupt by a court
of competent jurisdiction, (2) a voluntary petition of bankruptcy is filed in any court of competent jurisdiction, or (3) the agreement is assigned for the benefit of creditors. We may terminate the agreement upon specified prior written
notice if any governmental or regulatory authority, including, but not limited to, the FDA, takes any action, or raises any objection, that prevents us from importing, exporting, purchasing, or selling our NB32 tablet products. We are also required
to give specified advance notice if we intend to no longer order commercial supplies of our NB32 tablet products pursuant to the manufacturing agreement due to the product s discontinuation in the market. Patheon may terminate the agreement
upon specified prior written notice to us if we assign any of our rights under the agreement to an assignee that, in the opinion of Patheon acting reasonably, is (1) not a credit worthy substitute for us; or (2) a competitor of Patheon.
Moreover, either party may terminate the agreement upon written notice to the other party where the other party has failed to remedy a material breach of any of its representations, warranties, or other obligations under the manufacturing agreement
within a specified period of time following receipt of a written notice of the breach, subject to specified terms and conditions. Patheon has produced and will produce our bulk NB32 tablet products using naltrexone and bupropion active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, supplied from various sources, including but not limited to
Cilag AG, and Mallinckrodt LLC. In January 2009, we entered into a supply agreement with
Cilag pursuant to which Cilag will manufacture commercial supplies of naltrexone for use in our drug products. Pursuant to the terms of the supply agreement, we shall pay certain specified prices for such supplies based on the volumes purchased,
which prices may be adjusted, subject to specified limitations. In addition, from the period beginning on the first December 31 st following marketing approval by the FDA for our drug product containing naltrexone and continuing through the term of
the supply agreement, we are required to purchase from Cilag a specified percentage of our requirements for naltrexone intended for commercial sale in our drug products containing naltrexone, provided that certain terms and conditions are met.
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 The term of the supply agreement commenced in January
2009 and shall continue in effect until the date that is four years from the period beginning on the first
December 31 st following marketing approval by the FDA
for our drug product containing naltrexone. Either party may terminate the agreement effective immediately upon written notice to the other in the event that (a) the other party dissolves, is declared insolvent or bankrupt by a court of
competent jurisdiction, (b) a voluntary or involuntary petition of bankruptcy is filed in any court of competent jurisdiction, or (c) the agreement is assigned for the benefit of creditors. In addition, we may terminate the agreement
effective immediately upon written notice in the event that (a) any regulatory agency takes any action, or raises any objection that prevents us from importing, exporting, purchasing or selling naltrexone, (b) our drug product containing
naltrexone fails during clinical trials and we withdraw our NDA, (c) we determine, in our sole discretion, to no longer pursue the development and/or commercialization of a drug product containing naltrexone, or (d) a legal proceeding
shall be instituted against Cilag, which is reasonably likely to materially adversely affect Cilag s ability to properly perform under the agreement or subject us to any material risk of liability or loss. Moreover, either party may terminate
the agreement upon specified written notice to the other party of a failure by that party to perform or observe any material covenant, condition or agreement to be performed or observed by it under the supply agreement, unless such breach has been
cured within the specified notice period. During any period during the term of the supply agreement in which
Cilag for any reason, including, without limitation, a force majeure, fails to deliver the requisite quantities of naltrexone included in any firm commitment purchase order placed by us, within a specified period after the date of delivery confirmed
in writing by Cilag or if Cilag otherwise anticipates or notifies us that it will be unable to make delivery of all or a portion of the ordered naltrexone within a specified period after the confirmed date of delivery, then we may refuse such late
shipment of naltrexone from Cilag and purchase such quantities under such firm commitment purchase order through a substitute third party supplier. In the event Cilag regains its ability to resume supplying under the supply agreement, our right to
purchase naltrexone from the substitute supplier shall terminate. We entered into a supply agreement with
Mallinckrodt, effective January 2013, pursuant to which Mallinckrodt will manufacture commercial supplies of naltrexone for use in our drug products. Pursuant to the terms of the supply agreement, we will pay a certain fixed price for such
naltrexone, which prices may be adjusted, subject to specified limitations. We are required to purchase from Mallinckrodt a specified percentage of our requirements for naltrexone in our drug products containing naltrexone, which are intended for
commercial sale, provided that certain terms and conditions are met. The initial term of the supply agreement
commenced in January 2013 and will continue in effect through December 2014. This initial term may only be renewed with the express written agreement of both parties. Either party may terminate the supply agreement effective immediately upon written
notice to the other in the event that (a) the other party dissolves, is declared insolvent or bankrupt by a court of competent jurisdiction, (b) a voluntary or involuntary (if not dismissed within a specified number of days) petition of
bankruptcy is filed in any court of competent jurisdiction, or (c) the supply agreement is assigned for the benefit of creditors. Either party may terminate the supply agreement upon specified written notice to the other party of a failure by
that party to perform or observe any material covenant, condition or agreement to be performed or observed by it under the supply agreement, unless such breach has been cured within the specified notice period. We may terminate the supply agreement
upon 60 days prior written notice to Mallinckrodt in the event that, (a) any regulatory agency takes any action, or raises any objection that prevents us from importing, exporting, purchasing or selling naltrexone or any of our drug
product containing naltrexone, (b) our drug product containing naltrexone fails during clinical trials and we withdraw our NDA, or (c) we determine, in our sole discretion, to no longer pursue the development and/or commercialization of
any of our drug products containing naltrexone. Other than our supply agreements with Cilag and Mallinckrodt,
we have no material, long-term commitments or supply agreements with any of our API suppliers. Although we may seek to establish additional long-term supply commitments in the future, we may be required to agree to minimum volume requirements,
exclusivity arrangements or other restrictions. We may not be able to enter into additional long-term agreements on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 In the future, if we are able to achieve approval in the United States or
other countries to market and sell our products, we intend to continue to rely on outside contractors for the production of necessary supplies. We do not currently intend to establish our own manufacturing capabilities. 
 Competition Treatments for obesity consist of behavioral modification (diet and exercise), pharmaceutical therapies, surgery and device implantation. Modifications to diet and exercise are the preferred initial
treatment in obesity. However, the demands of behavioral modification alone tend to cause significant attrition over time, often resulting in regaining weight. When pharmaceutical therapies are recommended it is generally after behavioral
modification alone has failed. In 2013, the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists published treatment guidelines for obese or overweight patients with type 2 diabetes or pre-diabetes that include anti-obesity pharmacotherapy in
conjunction with lifestyle modification for certain patients. Consistent with proposed labeling and as demonstrated in our clinical studies, behavioral modification in combination with NB32 is effective in achieving weight loss. 
 Orlistat, phentermine/topiramate and lorcaserin are pharmaceutical products that have been approved for the treatment of
obesity in the United States. Several older agents, indicated for short-term administration, are amphetamine-like compounds including phentermine, phendimetrazine, benzphetamine and diethylpropion. Of these, phentermine is the most widely used,
accounting for approximately 6.2 million prescriptions in the United States in 2009, or approximately 53 million in sales, according to IMS Health. Orlistat is marketed in the United States by Genentech under the brand name Xenical. Orlistat
works by inhibiting lipase, an enzyme that aids in the absorption of fat in the gastrointestinal tract. In 2009, orlistat accounted for approximately 151,000 prescriptions in the United States, or approximately 43 million in sales, according to IMS
Health. Orlistat was launched in 2007 over-the-counter in the United States at half the prescribed dose by GlaxoSmithKline under the brand name all . According to GlaxoSmithKline, in 2008, all accounted for approximately 105 million
in sales. In June 2012, Arena obtained FDA approval for its product, locaserin, which was commercially launched in the United States under the name Belviq in June 2013. In July 2012, Vivus obtained FDA approval for its combination product,
phentermine/topiramate. Vivus commercially launched its combination product in the United States under the name Qsymia in September 2012. Vivus, and Arena, if Arena or its partner Eisai Inc. commercially launches lorcaserin, may build a significant
competitive advantage prior to the time we and our collaborative partner are able to market NB32, or we or any future collaborative partner are able to market Empatic, if approved. If such products are successfully marketed, they could represent
additional competition and potential negative pricing pressure with respect to NB32 or Empatic. In 2012, we
conducted physician and patient market research to assess potential growth of the obesity therapeutics market as well as preference shares between NB32, phentermine/topiramate and lorcaserin. The quantitative market research conducted with 1,000
physicians suggests the market for obesity therapeutics could grow 3 to 4 fold within five years from a 2012 base of approximately 7.8 million prescriptions. The physician research also suggests that NB32, if approved, would have a preference
share above the level of each of phentermine/topiramate and locaserin. This was especially true among certain important patient profiles that included some or all of the following characteristics: female; a BMI between 30 and 40; and diabetes.
We conducted another market research study that surveyed more than 5,000 patients to assess interest levels between NB32, phentermine/topiramate and locaserin. The results of this research indicate significant patient interest for NB32, especially
across certain important segments of the obese and overweight patient population, supporting the physician research findings. Despite the large market opportunity for anti-obesity agents, there are relatively few competitive products in late stage clinical development. Companies pursuing pharmaceutical treatments for obesity
include AstraZeneca, Athersys, Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb, Norgine BV, Novo Nordisk A/S, our partner, Takeda, and Zafgen, Inc. Most of these other developmental efforts are directed toward a monotherapeutic approach which we would expect to be
subject to the same early plateau of weight loss typically seen. In addition, several agents in a new therapeutic class called cannabanoid antagonists have recently failed or been withdrawn from the market. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 There are also surgical approaches to treat severe obesity that are becoming
increasingly accepted and could become competitors against our product candidates. Bariatric surgery, including gastric bypass and gastric banding procedures, is employed in more extreme cases, typically for patients with a BMI exceeding 40 or those
with a BMI greater than 30 who are experiencing one or more obesity-related complications such as diabetes. Surgery is associated with significant side effects, potential complications and substantial costs and recovery time. Certain device
implantations used as therapies, such as neuromodulation, are not yet approved by the FDA. In addition, other potential approaches which utilize various implantable devices or surgical tools are in development. Some of these approaches are in late
stage development and may be approved for marketing. Companies such as Allergan, Inc., Boston Scientific, Covidien Ltd., EnteroMedics, Inc., GI Dynamics, Inc., Johnson Johnson, and Medtronic, Inc. are all active in the surgical and device
space and may have substantially greater resources than we have. In addition, we may face competition from
generic products. Each of bupropion, naltrexone and zonisamide is available in generic form. However, we have undertaken strategies which we believe may impede potential competition from generic products. Supplementing our existing composition
patents and patent applications, we have developed formulations and dosages of NB32 and Empatic that we believe may improve patient outcomes and provide further barriers to entry, including intellectual property protection, for potential
competitors. We believe there cannot be an AB-equivalence designation for the generic versions of the constituents comprising NB32 and Empatic because of differences in pharmacokinetics between the existing generically available formulations and
doses and the formulations and doses we plan to use. For naltrexone and zonisamide, we have selected dosages and are using formulations that are not currently available in generic form and create a different pharmacokinetic profile from the generic
forms of these drugs. For bupropion, we are utilizing dosages that are not currently generically available. We believe that our issued, composition and methods-of-use patents will prevent generic firms from manufacturing comparable formulations and
from marketing the constituent compounds together. In addition, we believe that practitioners who are seeking to prescribe safe and effective therapy are not likely to prescribe off-label generics in place of NB32 or Empatic because the dosages,
pharmacokinetic profile and titration regimens for NB32 and Empatic would not be available using existing generic preparations. Moreover, while general practitioners are the primary prescribers of anti-obesity therapies and are generally familiar
with bupropion, they are not the primary prescribers of the other constituents of our product candidates, naltrexone and zonisamide. Accordingly, we believe that general practitioners will be unlikely to prescribe generic compounds with which they
are unfamiliar. As a result, we believe that we have established a position with both NB32 and Empatic that will limit generic competition. 
 Third-Party Reimbursement Despite the recognition of obesity as a chronic disease and its enormous cost to our health care system, universal coverage of and reimbursement for drugs to treat obesity by both public and private
payors is lacking. However, third-party reimbursement for anti-obesity drugs appears to be evolving, including among state Medicaid programs and private commercial plans and pharmacy benefit managers. 
 Medicaid The Medicaid program provides health insurance coverage for individuals who are poor and meet certain other eligibility criteria. The program is a federal and state partnership. Within broad federal
parameters, each state designs and administers its own program. The federal government shares in the cost of the program by reimbursing states a percentage of their costs. 
 All states currently provide outpatient prescription drug coverage under their Medicaid programs. States that elect to
offer outpatient prescription drug coverage must, with certain exceptions, provide coverage for all FDA-approved drugs of every manufacturer that has entered into a rebate agreement with HHS under the Medicaid Rebate Program. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Medicare 
 The Medicare program provides health insurance for individuals aged 65 and over and those with serious disability or
end-stage renal disease, regardless of income. However, Medicare coverage of obesity treatments is limited. In the fourth quarter of 2011, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services announced that the Medicare program was adding new
benefit coverage for prevention with the objective of treating obesity. The new benefit provides for screening for obesity and counseling for eligible beneficiaries by primary care providers in physician s offices. The benefit includes face to
face counseling for up to 12 total months. Current policy authorizes coverage of non-pharmacologic obesity treatments but only when such treatments are an integral and necessary part of a course of treatment for a co-morbid medical condition.
Pursuant to this policy, in February 2006, Medicare began covering certain designated bariatric surgical services for Medicare patients with a BMI equal to or greater than 35, who have at least one co-morbidity and have been previously unsuccessful
with the medical treatment of obesity. However, the policy reiterates that treatments for obesity alone are not covered because such treatments are not considered reasonable and necessary. In addition, by statute, Medicare s prescription drug
benefit does not cover either outpatient prescription weight loss drugs or over-the-counter drugs. Private Commercial
Plans There is a wide range of coverage by private commercial plans for Xenical. Based on data
obtained from Fingertip Formulary databases, almost half of commercial plans reviewed (excluding Blue Cross Blue Shield) listed Xenical on their formularies, typically in a Tier 3 position. In general, plans offer coverage for oral weight loss
products only if the benefit is selected by employers. Many plans require prior authorization. Thus, our product candidates for obesity, if approved, may not achieve broad coverage. Moreover, the amount of any coverage provided under the various
plans may be minimal. Government policy is a key player in setting trends for coverage of obesity treatments. Private payers may be more likely to add coverage of weight loss products if Medicare provides coverage. We do not expect the success of
our obesity product candidates to be entirely contingent on third-party payer coverage and reimbursement, but rather, on acceptance by physicians and people who want to lose weight and are willing to pay for the drugs out of pocket. 
 Government Regulation In the United States, prescription drug products are subject to extensive pre- and post-market regulation by the FDA, including regulations that govern the testing, manufacturing, safety, efficacy,
labeling, storage, record keeping, advertising and promotion of such products under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FFDCA, and its implementing regulations, and by comparable agencies and laws in foreign countries. Failure to comply
with applicable FDA or other requirements may result in civil or criminal penalties, recall or seizure of products, partial or total suspension of production or withdrawal of the product from the market. 
 FDA approval is required before any new drug, including a new dosage form or use of a previously approved drug, can be
marketed in the United States. New Drug Application (NDA) 
 An approved NDA by the FDA is generally required before a drug may be marketed in the United States. This process
generally involves: 

completion of preclinical laboratory and animal testing in compliance with the FDA s good laboratory practice, or GLP, regulations;

submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug, or IND, application for human clinical testing which must become effective before human
clinical trials may begin; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug product for each
intended use; 
 23 

Table of Contents 

satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the facility or facilities at which the product is produced to assess compliance with
the FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practice, or cGMP, regulations; and 

submission to and approval by the FDA of an NDA. 
 The preclinical and clinical testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and
we cannot be certain that any approvals for our product candidates will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluation, as well as animal studies to evaluate pharmacology and toxicity. The results of preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information and analytical
data, are submitted as part of an IND application to the FDA. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, issues a clinical hold raising concerns or questions about
the conduct of the clinical trial, including concerns that human research subjects will be exposed to unreasonable health risks. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before a clinical trial can begin.
Submission of an IND may not result in FDA authorization to commence a clinical trial. A separate submission to an existing IND must also be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development. Further, an independent
institutional review board, or IRB, for each medical center proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan, protocol and informed consent forms for any clinical trial and the IRB must monitor the trial until completed. The
FDA, the IRB, or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Clinical testing also must satisfy Good Clinical Practice,
or GCP, as set forth in the FDA guidance, and related regulations, including regulations for informed consent. 
 For purposes of an NDA submission and approval, human clinical trials are typically conducted in the following three or
four sequential phases, which may overlap: 

Phase I: Studies are initially conducted in a limited population to test the product candidate for safety, dose tolerance, absorption,
metabolism, distribution and excretion in healthy humans or, on occasion, in patients, such as cancer patients when the drug is too toxic to be ethically given to healthy individuals. 

Phase II: Studies are generally conducted in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to
determine the efficacy of the product for specific targeted indications and to determine dose tolerance and optimal dosage. Multiple Phase II clinical trials may be conducted by the sponsor to obtain information prior to beginning larger and
more expensive Phase III clinical trials. 

Phase III: These are commonly referred to as pivotal studies. When Phase II evaluations demonstrate that a dose range of the
product is effective and has an acceptable safety profile, Phase III clinical trials are undertaken in large patient populations to further evaluate dosage, to provide substantial evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety in
an expanded and diverse patient population at multiple, geographically-dispersed clinical trial sites. 

Phase IV: In some cases, FDA may condition approval of an NDA for a product candidate on the sponsor s agreement to conduct
additional clinical trials after NDA approval. In other cases, a sponsor may voluntarily conduct additional clinical trials post approval to gain more information about the drug. Such post approval trials are typically referred to as Phase IV
studies. Because our product candidates are fixed-dose combination prescription drugs, we
will need to comply with the FDA s regulation that requires that we show that each component of each product contributes to the claimed effects. This means that our clinical trials for our product candidates will need to evaluate the
combination as compared to each component separately as well as to placebo. In addition, in designing our clinical trials, we will 
 24 

Table of Contents 

also need to consider the draft guidance for developing products for weight management issued by the FDA in February 2007, which includes recommendations on the design of clinical trials
evaluating the efficacy and safety of products intended to treat obesity, and any guidance provided by the FDA following the general obesity advisory committee meeting that FDA convened in late March 2012 to discuss cardiovascular safety assessment
of obesity drugs. The results of product development, preclinical studies and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA. NDAs must also contain extensive manufacturing information. 
 After completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. FDA approval of the
NDA is required before marketing of the product may begin in the United States. The cost of preparing and submitting an NDA is substantial. The Prescription Drug User Fee Act, which has been reauthorized four times by Congress, requires the
payment of user fees with the submission of NDAs, including 505(b)(2) NDAs. These application fees are substantial 2,169,100 in the FDA s Fiscal Year 2014) and will likely increase in future years. The FFDCA provides for waiver of the
application fee for the first NDA for a small business under certain circumstances. In February 2010, we were granted a waiver of this application fee for our NB32 NDA. This one time waiver will not be available to us upon submission of NDAs,
if any, for our other product candidates in the future. Manufacturers and sponsors of approved drugs are subject to annual product and establishment fees of 554,600 per manufacturing establishment and 104,060 per product. The FDA has agreed to
certain performance goals in the review of NDAs. Most applications for non-priority drug products have been reviewed within ten to twelve months while most applications for priority review drugs, that is, drugs that the FDA determines represent a
significant improvement over existing therapy, are reviewed in six to eight months. Based on FDA announcements about changing PDUFA goals, it is likely that the NDA, if any, for Empatic will be reviewed on a twelve-month cycle by the FDA, as
opposed to the shorter eight-month cycle projected to be given to priority review drugs after 2012. The review process is often extended by the submission of additional information or clarification during the review. The FDA may refer the
application to an advisory committee for review, evaluation and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations.
 Before approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical trial sites to assure compliance
with GCP. Additionally, the FDA will inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless compliance with cGMP and GCP is satisfactory and the NDA contains data that provide
substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective in the indication studied. The FDA may deny approval of an NDA if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, or it may require additional data including additional pivotal
Phase III clinical trials. Even if such data are submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data from clinical trials are not always conclusive and FDA may interpret data differently than
we do. Upon completion of its review of the NDA, FDA issues an approval letter or a complete response letter.
A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing or information in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If and when those deficiencies have been addressed to
the FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission of the NDA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA s goal is to review such resubmissions in 2 or 6 months depending on the type of information included. 
 An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific
indications. As a condition of NDA approval, the FDA may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the drug s safety or efficacy and may impose other conditions, including labeling restrictions which can materially
affect the potential market and profitability of the drug. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Special Protocol Assessment 
 An SPA is a written agreement with the FDA on the details of the design and planned analysis for a clinical trial. It is
intended to form the basis for an NDA and may only be changed through a written agreement between the sponsor and the FDA. An SPA is generally binding upon the FDA unless the FDA determines that there are public health concerns unrecognized at the
time the SPA agreement was entered into, other new scientific concerns regarding product safety or efficacy arise, or if the sponsor fails to comply with the agreed upon trial protocols. 
 The Hatch-Waxman Act In 1984, Congress enacted the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, also known as the Hatch-Waxman Act. In seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, applicants are required to
list with the FDA each patent with claims that cover the applicant s product. Upon approval of a drug, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic
Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. Drugs listed in the Orange Book can, in turn, be cited by potential competitors in support of approval of an abbreviated new drug application, or ANDA. An ANDA provides for marketing of a
drug product that has the same active ingredients in the same strengths and dosage form as the listed drug and has been shown through bioequivalence testing to be therapeutically equivalent to the listed drug. ANDA applicants are not required to
conduct or submit results of pre-clinical or clinical tests to prove the safety or effectiveness of their drug product, other than the requirement for bioequivalence testing. Drugs approved in this way are commonly referred to as generic
equivalents to the listed drug, and can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the original listed drug. The ANDA applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the Orange Book. Specifically, the applicant must certify that: (i) the required patent
information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent has expired; (iii) the listed patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration; or (iv) the listed patent is invalid or
will not be infringed by the new product. A certification that the new product will not infringe the already approved product s listed patents or that such patents are invalid is called a Paragraph IV certification. If the applicant does not
challenge the listed patents, the ANDA application will not be approved until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. If the ANDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the NDA and patent holders once the ANDA has been
accepted for filing by the FDA. The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the Paragraph IV certification. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of the receipt of a
Paragraph IV certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving the ANDA until the earlier of 30 months, expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the ANDA applicant.
 The ANDA application also will not be approved until any non-patent exclusivity, such as exclusivity for
obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product has expired. Federal law provides a period of five years following approval of a drug containing no previously approved active ingredients, during
which ANDAs for generic versions of those drugs cannot be submitted unless the submission contains a Paragraph IV challenge to a listed patent, in which case the submission may be made four years following the original product approval. Federal law
provides for a period of three years of exclusivity following approval of a listed drug that contains previously approved active ingredients but is approved in a new dosage form, route of administration or combination, or for a new use, the approval
of which was required to be supported by new clinical trials conducted by or for the sponsor, during which the FDA cannot grant effective approval of an ANDA based on that listed drug. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Section 505(b)(2) New Drug Applications 
 As an alternate path to FDA approval for modifications to products previously approved by the FDA, an applicant may file
an NDA under Section 505(b)(2) of the FFDCA. Section 505(b)(2) was enacted as part of the Hatch-Waxman Act. This statutory provision permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from
studies not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits the applicant to rely upon the FDA s findings of safety and effectiveness for previously approved
products. The FDA may then approve the new product candidate for all or some of the label indications for which the referenced product has been approved, as well as for any new indication for which the Section 505(b)(2) applicant has submitted
its own data. The FDA requires companies to perform additional studies or measurements to support the change from the approved product. We submitted our initial NDA for NB32 and intend to submit our initial NDA for Empatic under
Section 505(b)(2), based on the extensive safety information that has been collected for the approved drug products that are incorporated in these product candidates. As with ANDAs, described above, to the extent that a Section 505(b)(2)
application relies on the FDA s finding of safety and effectiveness of a previously-approved drug, the applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the FDA s publication called
 Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, otherwise known as the Orange Book. Specifically, the applicant must certify when the application is submitted that: (1) there is no patent information
listed; (2) the listed patent has expired; (3) the listed patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration; or (4) the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the
manufacture, use or sale of the product. A certification that the new product will not infringe the already approved product s Orange Book listed patents or that such patents are invalid is called a Paragraph IV certification. If the
applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the patent holder and the NDA holder. When we submitted our NDA for NB32, we made paragraph IV
certifications that NB32 does not infringe the bupropion patents listed in the Orange Book and sent the appropriate notice to the patent holder and NDA holder once we received confirmation from the FDA that our NDA was sufficiently complete to
permit a substantive review. We intend to do the same if and when we submit our NDA for Empatic. In the event that the patent holder or NDA holder files a patent infringement lawsuit against us within 45 days of its receipt of our
Paragraph IV notification, such lawsuit would automatically prevent the FDA from approving our Section 505(b)(2) NDA until the earliest of 30 months, expiration of the patent (2013), settlement of the lawsuit or a decision in the
infringement case that is favorable to us. Any such patent infringement lawsuit could be costly, take a substantial amount of time to resolve and divert management resources. 
 If we obtain FDA approval for either NB32 or Empatic, we could obtain three years of Hatch-Waxman marketing exclusivity
for such product, assuming we conduct or sponsor a new clinical investigation that is essential to approval of our NDA. Under this form of exclusivity, the FDA would be precluded from approving a generic drug application or, in some cases, another
505(b)(2) application for a drug product for the protected conditions of approval (for example, a product that incorporates the change or innovation represented by our product) for a period of three years, although the FDA may accept and commence
review of such applications. However, this form of exclusivity would not prevent the FDA from approving an NDA that relies on its own clinical data to support the change or innovation. Further, if another company obtains approval for either product
candidate for the same indication we are studying before we do, our approval could be blocked until the other company s Hatch-Waxman marketing exclusivity expires. Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information Sponsors
of clinical trials of FDA-regulated products, including drugs, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators,
and other aspects of the clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration. Sponsors are also obligated to discuss the results of their clinical trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed until the
new product or new indication being studied has been approved. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of development programs. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Pediatric Information 
 Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2003, or PREA, NDAs or supplements to NDAs must contain data to assess the
safety and effectiveness of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the drug is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals
for submission of data or full or partial waivers. Unless otherwise required by regulation, PREA does not apply to any drug for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted. The Best Pharmaceuticals For Children Act, or BPCA, provides
sponsors with an additional 6-month period of market exclusivity on all forms of the drug containing the active moiety, if the sponsor submits results of pediatric studies specifically requested by FDA under BPCA. In order to receive the BPCA
exclusivity, the drug must have other existing patent or exclusivity protection in effect. Post-Approval Requirements
 Once an NDA is approved, a product will be subject to certain post-approval requirements. We and our
contract manufacturers are required to comply with applicable FDA manufacturing requirements contained in the FDA s cGMP regulations. cGMP regulations require, among other things, quality control, and quality assurance as well as the
corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. The manufacturing facilities for our products must meet cGMP requirements to the satisfaction of the FDA pursuant to a pre-approval inspection before we can use them to manufacture our products
for commercial distribution. We and our third-party manufacturers are also subject to periodic inspections of facilities by the FDA and other authorities, including procedures and operations used in the testing and manufacture of our products to
assess our compliance with applicable regulations. Adverse experiences associated with the use of the drug
must be reported to the FDA and could result in the imposition of market restrictions through labeling changes or in product removal. Product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems
concerning safety or efficacy of the product occur following approval. Failure to comply with statutory and
regulatory requirements subjects a manufacturer to possible legal or regulatory action, including Warning Letters, the seizure or recall of products, injunctions, consent decrees placing significant restrictions on or suspending manufacturing
operations, and civil and criminal penalties. The FDA can require post-approval studies and clinical trials
if the FDA finds, after approving the drug, that scientific data, including information regarding related drugs, render it appropriate. The purpose of such studies would be to assess a known serious risk or signals of serious risk related to the
drug or to identify an unexpected serious risk when available data indicates the potential for a serious risk. The FDA may also require a labeling change if it becomes aware of new safety information that it believes should be included in the
labeling of a drug. With respect to post-market product advertising and promotion, the FDA prohibits,
restricts or otherwise imposes regulatory requirements on certain activities, including direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, and promotional activities involving the internet.
The FDA has very broad enforcement authority under the FFDCA, and failure to abide by these regulations can result in penalties, including the issuance of a Warning Letter directing entities to correct deviations from FDA standards, a requirement
that future advertising and promotional materials be pre-cleared by the FDA, and federal civil and criminal investigations and prosecutions. State enforcement actions relating to promotional violations are also becoming more common. 
 Other Regulatory Requirements The FDA can require a drug-specific REMS to ensure the benefits of the drug outweighs the risks. In determining whether a REMS is necessary, the FDA must consider the size of the population likely to use
the 
 28 

Table of Contents 

drug, the seriousness of the disease or condition to be treated, the expected benefit of the drug, the duration of treatment, the seriousness of known or potential adverse events and whether the
drug is a new molecular entity. If the FDA determines a REMS is necessary, a sponsor must submit a proposed REMS as part of its application, or if the request is made post-approval, not later than 120 days after the FDA notifies the drug sponsor. A
REMS may be required to include various elements, such as a medication guide or patient package insert, a communication plan to educate health care providers of the drug s risks, limitations on how a drug may be prescribed or dispensed or other
measures that the FDA deems necessary to assure the safe use of the drug. REMS programs must be evaluated on an ongoing basis and the FDA may require changes needed to address ongoing safety issues or corrective actions to address any noncompliance.
 We are also subject to various laws and regulations regarding laboratory practices, the experimental use of
animals, and the use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances in connection with our research. In each of these areas, as above, the federal government has broad regulatory and enforcement powers, including the ability to levy
fines and civil penalties, suspend or delay issuance of approvals, seize or recall products, and withdraw approvals, any one or more of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, several other types of state and federal laws
have been applied to restrict certain marketing practices in the pharmaceutical industry in recent years. These laws include anti-kickback statutes and false claims statutes. The federal healthcare program anti-kickback statute prohibits, among
other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable under
Medicare, Medicaid or other federally financed healthcare programs. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or PPACA, amended the intent element of the federal statute so that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of
the statute or specific intent to violate it. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers on the other. Violations of the
anti-kickback statute are punishable by imprisonment, criminal fines, civil monetary penalties and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs. Although there are a number of statutory exemptions and regulatory safe harbors
protecting certain common activities from prosecution or other regulatory sanctions, the exemptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations may be
subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exemption or safe harbor. Federal false claims laws
prohibit any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to have a false claim paid. Recently, several
pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly inflating drug prices they report to pricing services, which in turn were used by the government to set Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates, and
for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. In addition, certain marketing practices, including off-label promotion, may also violate false claims laws.
Additionally, PPACA amended the federal false claims law such that a violation of the federal healthcare program anti-kickback statute can serve as a basis for liability under the federal false claims law. The majority of states also have statutes
or regulations similar to the federal anti-kickback statute and false claims laws, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. 
 Furthermore, pursuant to PPACA, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, has issued a final rule
that requires manufacturers of prescription drugs to begin collecting and reporting information on payments or transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals, as well as investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family
members. Manufacturers were required to begin collecting information on August 1, 2013, with the first reports due June 30, 2014. The reported data will be posted in searchable form on a public website beginning September 30, 2014.
Failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties. Furthermore, several states now require prescription drug companies to report expenses 
 29 

Table of Contents 

relating to the marketing and promotion of drug products and to report gifts and payments to individual physicians in these states. Other states prohibit various other marketing-related
activities. Still other states require the posting of information relating to clinical studies and their outcomes. In addition, California, Connecticut, Nevada, and Massachusetts require pharmaceutical companies to implement compliance programs
and/or marketing codes. Several additional states are considering similar proposals. Compliance with these laws is difficult and time consuming, and companies that do not comply with these state laws face civil penalties. Companies must also be
registered or licensed by the federal and state governments prior to manufacturing or distributing prescription drug products. Outside the United States, our ability to market a product is contingent upon receiving marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory authorities. The requirements governing marketing
authorization, pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. At present, foreign marketing authorizations are applied for at a national level, although within the European Union registration procedures are available to companies
wishing to market a product in more than one European Union member state. The regulatory authority generally will grant marketing authorization if it is satisfied that we have presented it with adequate evidence of safety, quality and efficacy.
 European Union Drug Review and Approval 
 In the EEA (which is comprised of the 28 Member States of the European Union plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein),
medicinal products can only be commercialized after obtaining a Marketing Authorization, or MA. There are two types of MA: The Community MA, which is issued by the European Commission through the Centralized Procedure, based on the opinion of the CHMP of the EMA, and which is valid throughout the entire territory of the EEA.
The Centralized Procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as biotechnology medicinal products, orphan medicinal products, and medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of AIDS, cancer,
neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and viral diseases. The Centralized Procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EEA, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic,
scientific or technical innovation or which are in the interest of public health in the European Union. 
 National MAs, which are issued by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA and only cover their
respective territory, are available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of the Centralized Procedure. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in a Member State of the EEA, this National MA can be recognized in other
Member States through the Mutual Recognition Procedure. If the product has not received a National MA in any Member State at the time of application, it can be approved simultaneously in various Member States through the Decentralized Procedure.
 Under the above described procedures, before granting the MA, the EMA or the competent authorities of the
Member States of the EEA make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy. 
 NB32 is eligible for the Centralized Procedure. In October 2013, we submitted a Community MA supporting potential
approval of NB32 under the centralized procedure. As part of this process, we have established the required PIP which has been agreed to by the EMA s Pediatric Committee. After submission and validation of a Community MA, the EMA s
CHMP generally has 210 days to complete its assessment and adopt an opinion on whether or not to recommend the granting of the Community MA. The 210 day period does not include the anticipated clock stops at specified points in the
procedure, typically at day 120 (Consolidated List of Questions) and at day 180 (List of Outstanding Issues). The clock stops allow time for us to address the outstanding questions or issues raised by the CHMP. At day 180, depending on the List of
Outstanding Issues, an oral hearing with the CHMP may be required to address specific issues. Assuming a positive opinion from the 
 30 

Table of Contents 

CHMP, final marketing authorization is generally granted by the European Commission on day 277 of the procedure, not counting clock stops as noted above. 
 In February 2014, we received from the EMA s CHMP the Day 120 Consolidated List of Questions regarding our NB32
Community MA. The CHMP s questions are consistent with the issues raised by the FDA during the course of NB32 development and the initial review of the NDA, such as manufacturing and quality, non-clinical studies, dosing regimen, and, most
significantly, cardiovascular safety. Prior to submission of the Community MA for NB32, we also established
an agreed-to pediatric investigation plan with the EMA s Pediatric Committee. The EMA s Pediatric Committee also agreed to grant a waiver from the obligation to carry out pediatric clinical trials in certain subsets of the pediatric
population. The EMA s Pediatric Committee s opinion was validated by an EMA decision adopted in August 2013. 
 DEA Regulation Naltrexone, one of the components of NB32, is manufactured from semi-synthetic opiates. Although naltrexone is not a narcotic or a controlled substance, manufacturing of naltrexone API is subject to
regulation by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, or DEA, because the starting material is regulated. Controlled substances are those drugs that appear on one of five schedules promulgated and administered by the DEA under the Controlled
Substances Act, or CSA. The CSA governs, among other things, the distribution, recordkeeping, handling, security, and disposal of controlled substances. Our third-party suppliers of naltrexone must be registered by the DEA in order to engage in
these activities, and are subject to periodic and ongoing inspections by the DEA and similar state drug enforcement authorities to assess ongoing compliance with the DEA s regulations. The manufacturers must also obtain an annual quota from the
DEA to obtain sufficient material to manufacture substances derived from opiates. Any failure to comply with these regulations could lead to a variety of sanctions, including the revocation, or a denial of renewal, of DEA registration, injunctions,
or civil or criminal penalties. The failure to obtain adequate quota can also limit the manufacturing capacity of the manufacturer. Government Programs for Marketed Drugs Medicaid, the 340B Drug
Pricing Program, and Medicare Federal law requires that a pharmaceutical manufacturer, as a condition of
having its products receive federal reimbursement under Medicaid and Medicare Part B, must pay rebates to state Medicaid programs for all units of its covered outpatient drugs dispensed to Medicaid beneficiaries and paid for by a state Medicaid
program under either a fee-for-service arrangement or through a managed care organization. This federal requirement is effectuated through a Medicaid drug rebate agreement between the manufacturer and the Secretary of Health and Human Services. CMS
administers the Medicaid drug rebate agreements, which provide, among other things, that the drug manufacturer will pay rebates to each state Medicaid agency on a quarterly basis and report certain price information on a monthly and quarterly basis.
The rebates are based on prices reported to CMS by manufacturers for their covered outpatient drugs. For non-innovator products, generally generic drugs marketed under ANDAs, the rebate amount is 13 of the average manufacturer price, or AMP, for
the quarter. The AMP is the weighted average of prices paid to the manufacturer (1) directly by retail community pharmacies and (2) by wholesalers for drugs distributed to retail community pharmacies. For innovator products, drugs that are
marketed under NDAs or BLAs, the rebate amount is the greater of 23.1 of the AMP for the quarter or the difference between such AMP and the best price for that same quarter. The best price is essentially the lowest price available to
non-governmental entities. Innovator products may also be subject to an additional rebate that is based on the amount, if any, by which the product s AMP has increased since launch. 
 The statutory definition of AMP was recently amended, and there are many ambiguities in the revised provision. In
February 2012, CMS published a proposed rule further defining AMP and providing clarification on 
 31 

Table of Contents 

other parts of the rebate program. Until the rule is finalized, manufacturers are required to make reasonable assumptions when interpreting the statute and calculating AMP. 
 The terms of participation in the Medicaid drug rebate program impose an obligation to correct the prices reported in
previous quarters, as may be necessary. Any such corrections could result in additional or lesser rebate liability, depending on the direction of the correction. In addition to retroactive rebates, if a manufacturer were found to have knowingly
submitted false information to the government, federal law provides for civil monetary penalties for failing to provide required information, late submission of required information, and false information. 
 A manufacturer must also participate in a federal program known as the 340B drug pricing program in order for federal
funds to be available to pay for the manufacturer s drugs under Medicaid and Medicare Part B. Under this program, the participating manufacturer agrees to charge certain safety net healthcare providers no more than an established discounted
price for its covered outpatient drugs. The formula for determining the discounted price is defined by statute and is based on the AMP and the unit rebate amount as calculated under the Medicaid drug rebate program, discussed above. 
 Federal law also requires that manufacturers report data on a quarterly basis to CMS regarding the pricing of drugs that
are separately reimbursable under Medicare Part B. These are generally drugs, such as injectable products, that are administered incident to a physician service and are not generally self-administered. The pricing information submitted
by manufacturers is the basis for reimbursement to physicians and suppliers for drugs covered under Medicare Part B. As with the Medicaid drug rebate program, federal law provides for civil monetary penalties for failing to provide required
information, late submission of required information, and false information. Medicare Part D provides
prescription drug benefits for seniors and people with disabilities. Medicare Part D beneficiaries have a gap in their coverage (between the initial coverage limit and the point at which catastrophic coverage begins) where Medicare does not
cover their prescription drug costs, known as the coverage gap. However, by 2020, Medicare Part D beneficiaries will pay 25 of drug costs after they reach the initial coverage limit the same percentage they were responsible for before they
reached that limit thereby closing the coverage gap. The cost of closing the coverage gap is being borne by innovator companies and the government through subsidies. Beginning in 2011, each manufacturer of drugs approved under NDAs or BLAs was
required to enter into a Medicare Part D coverage gap discount agreement and provide a 50 discount on those drugs dispensed to Medicare beneficiaries in the coverage gap, in order for its drugs to be reimbursed by Medicare Part D. 
 Federal Contracting/Pricing Requirements Manufacturers are also required to make their covered drugs, which are generally drugs approved under NDAs or BLAs, available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule, or FSS, of the General
Services Administration. The law also requires manufacturers to offer deeply discounted FSS contract pricing for purchases of their covered drugs by the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department of Defense, or DoD, the Coast Guard, and the
Public Health Service (including the Indian Health Service) in order for federal funding to be available for reimbursement or purchase of the manufacturer s drugs under certain federal programs. FSS pricing to those four federal agencies for
covered drugs must be no more than the Federal Ceiling Price, or FCP, which is at least 24 below the Non-Federal Average Manufacturer Price, or Non-FAMP, for the prior year. The Non-FAMP is the average price for covered drugs sold to wholesalers or
other middlemen, net of any price reductions. The accuracy of a manufacturer s reported Non-FAMPs, FCPs,
or FSS contract prices may be audited by the government. Among the remedies available to the government for inaccuracies is recoupment of any overcharges to the four specified federal agencies based on those inaccuracies. If a manufacturer were
found to 
 32 

Table of Contents 

have knowingly reported false prices, in addition to other penalties available to the government, the law provides for civil monetary penalties of 100,000 per incorrect item. Finally,
manufacturers are required to disclose in FSS contract proposals all commercial pricing that is equal to or less than the proposed FSS pricing, and subsequent to award of an FSS contract, manufacturers are required to monitor certain commercial
price reductions and extend commensurate price reductions to the government, under the terms of the FSS contract Price Reductions Clause. Among the remedies available to the government for any failure to properly disclose commercial pricing and/or
to extend FSS contract price reductions is recoupment of any FSS overcharges that may result from such omissions. Tricare
Retail Pharmacy Network Program The DoD provides pharmacy benefits to current and retired military service
members and their families through the Tricare healthcare program. When a Tricare beneficiary obtains a prescription drug through a retail pharmacy, the DoD reimburses the pharmacy at the retail price for the drug rather than procuring it from the
manufacturer at the discounted FCP discussed above. In order for the DoD to realize discounted prices for covered drugs (generally drugs approved under NDAs or BLAs), federal law requires manufacturers to pay refunds on utilization of their covered
drugs sold to Tricare beneficiaries through retail pharmacies in DoD s Tricare network. These refunds are generally the difference between the Non-FAMP and the FCP and are due on a quarterly basis. Absent an agreement from the manufacturer to
provide such refunds, DoD will designate the manufacturer s products as Tier 3 (non-formulary) and require that beneficiaries obtain prior authorization in order for the products to be dispensed at a Tricare retail network pharmacy. However,
refunds are due whether or not the manufacturer has entered into such an agreement. Branded Pharmaceutical Fee
 A branded pharmaceutical fee is imposed on manufacturers and importers of branded prescription
drugs, generally drugs approved under NDAs or BLAs. Beginning in 2011, an aggregate annual fee to be paid by these manufacturers is set at 28 billion over 10 years, of which 2.5 billion was payable in 2011, 2.8 billion in 2012, 2.8 billion
in 2013, and 3.0 billion in 2014. This annual fee is apportioned among the participating companies based on each company s sales of qualifying products to or utilization by certain U.S. government programs during the preceding calendar year.
The fee became effective January 1, 2011, and is not deductible for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Utilization of generic drugs, generally drugs approved under ANDAs, is not included in a manufacturer s sales used to calculate its
portion of the fee. Outside the United States 
 Within the European Union, approved products are paid for by a variety of payors, with governments being the primary
source of payment. Governments may determine or influence reimbursement of products. Governments may also set prices or otherwise regulate pricing. Negotiating prices with governmental authorities can delay commercialization of our products, if
approved. Governments may use a variety of cost-containment measures to control the cost of products, including price cuts, mandatory rebates, value-based pricing, and reference pricing (i.e., referencing prices in other countries and using those
reference prices to set a price). Budgetary pressures in many European Union countries are continuing to cause governments to consider or implement various cost-containment measures, such as price freezes, increased price cuts and rebates, and
expanded generic substitution and patient cost-sharing. If budget pressures continue, governments may implement additional cost-containment measures. Employees As of March 10, 2014, we had 50 full-time
employees and one part-time employee, consisting of clinical development regulatory affairs, marketing, technical operations and administration. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development 
 Our research and development expenses totaled 56.7 million, 73.7 million and 12.8 million in the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. About Orexigen 
 We were incorporated in Delaware in September 2002. Our principal offices are located at 3344 N. Torrey Pines Court,
Suite 200, La Jolla, California 92037, and our telephone number is (858) 875-8600. Our website address is www.orexigen.com. Information found on, or accessible through, our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Available Information 
 We file electronically with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission our Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Section 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We make available on our website at www.orexigen.com,
free of charge, copies of these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Copies of our annual report will also be made available, free of charge, upon written request.
 The public may read and copy any materials filed by us with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room
at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information
statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended
to be inactive textual references only. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other
periodic reports and other filings we make from time to time with the SEC, before deciding whether to purchase, hold or sell shares of our common stock. The occurrence of any of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition,
results of operations and/or growth prospects or cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this report and our other filings with the SEC and those we may make from time to time.
You should consider all of the factors described when evaluating our business. Risks Related to Our Business and
Industry Our success depends substantially on our product candidates, NB32 (naltrexone/bupropion, each in a
sustained release, or SR, formulation) and Empatic (zonisamide/bupropion, each in a SR formulation). We cannot be certain that either product candidate will receive regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized. 
 We currently have only a limited number of product candidates in development, and our business
currently depends entirely on their successful development and commercialization. We currently have no drug products approved for sale, and we may never be able to develop marketable drug products. The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling,
approval, sale, marketing and distribution of drug products are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and other regulatory authorities in the United States and other countries, whose regulations differ
from country to country. Neither we nor our collaborative partner for NB32 (formerly referred to as Contrave in North America, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, or Takeda, are permitted to market our product candidates in the United States until we receive approval of a New Drug Application, or NDA, from the FDA, or in any foreign countries until we
receive the requisite approval from the regulatory authorities of such countries. In January 2011, we
received a complete response letter, or CRL, from the FDA regarding our NDA for NB32. The CRL indicated that the FDA could not approve the NDA in its present form primarily due to concerns regarding the cardiovascular safety profile of NB32 when
used long-term in a population of overweight and obese subjects. The CRL stated that before our NDA could be approved, we must conduct a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of sufficient size and duration to demonstrate that the risk
of major adverse cardiovascular events, or MACE, in overweight and obese patients treated with NB32 does not adversely affect the drug s benefit-risk profile. Our near-term success is substantially dependent on the approval of the NB32 NDA.
 In September 2011, following a meeting with senior officials in the FDA s Office of New Drugs, or OND,
we received written correspondence from the director of the OND detailing the OND s design requirements for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled cardiovascular outcomes trial, or CVOT, for NB32 that would address the CRL. The CVOT as
detailed would evaluate the occurrence of MACE in patients participating in the study. The exclusion of a doubling of risk of MACE in patients receiving NB32 compared to placebo was established as the threshold for approvability of NB32 during
discussions with the FDA prior to the start of the CVOT. An interim analysis was planned once the CVOT s independent Data Monitoring Committee, or DMC, had determined that sufficient information had been gathered for the analysis that would
include at least 87 adjudicated MACE. In February 2012, we reached agreement with the FDA on a Special Protocol Assessment, or SPA, for the CVOT. A SPA is a written agreement with the FDA on the details of the design and planned analysis for a
clinical trial. A SPA is generally binding upon the FDA unless a substantial scientific issue essential to determining safety or efficacy is identified after the trial begins. Although we are not aware of any such issue, there is no assurance that
the FDA will ultimately consider our SPA to be binding. Moreover, any change to the CVOT protocol can invalidate the SPA. If the FDA does not consider the SPA to be binding, the agency could assert that additional trial or data are required to
support a regulatory submission. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 In October 2012, we received a response to a formal dispute resolution
request from the FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, or CDER. We had requested that NB32 be considered for approval on the basis of existing data together with a postmarketing requirement to supply the interim analysis of the CVOT
shortly after approval. CDER denied this request, reaffirming that the cardiovascular outcomes data from the interim analysis of the CVOT is required prior to approval; however, CDER indicated that it was highly supportive of the exploration of a
faster path to resubmission of the NB32 NDA. In January 2013, the FDA s Division of Metabolism and Endocrinology Products, or DMEP, proposed a resubmission procedure that would allow the DMC s summary report of the CVOT interim analysis to
form the basis of the resubmission of the NB32 NDA. The complete clinical study report for the interim analysis, which would ordinarily form the basis for the NDA resubmission filing, would be provided to the FDA during its review of the NDA within
60 days of the NDA resubmission. We initiated the CVOT, which we refer to as the Light Study, in June 2012
and completed screening in December 2012, which resulted in approximately 8,900 patients randomized to treatment. In November 2013, after sufficient MACE had occurred, NB32 successfully achieved the pre-established criteria for the interim analysis
in order to enable resubmission of the NB32 NDA. In December 2013, we resubmitted the NDA for NB32 to the FDA and the FDA assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, goal date of June 10, 2014 for the review of the resubmission. Under
the resubmission procedure set forth by the DMEP, we submitted the clinical study report for the interim analysis in February 2014. We plan to continue the Light Study, blinded, until the trial is completed, even if NB32 is approved by the FDA in
June 2014. Even with the December 2013 resubmission, the timing and potential approval of the NDA is still
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including: 

the potential for the FDA to delay the scheduled PDUFA goal date of June 10, 2014 due to the FDA s internal resource constraints or other
reasons; and 

additional evaluation of the interim analysis and data from the continuing Light Study, including safety-related data, may produce negative or
inconclusive results, or may be inconsistent with the initial conclusion that the interim analysis was successful. In addition, other companies have previously publicly reported results from blinded studies conducted for their product candidates prior to trial completion and have faced trial integrity issues, and we
can provide no assurance that the public announcement of the successful interim analysis and resubmission of the NDA will not introduce bias into the blinded, Light Study and later be deemed to jeopardize the integrity of the results of the Light
Study. We have implemented procedures to limit the dissemination of the data underlying the interim analysis, but we cannot be sure that the data will not be disclosed publicly, whether inadvertently or otherwise. If the integrity of the trial were
to be questioned, we could be required to conduct additional, costly studies, which results may not be consistent with the Light Study, or would otherwise affect the approvability of the NDA for NB32. 
 The conduct of the Light Study has been, and will continue to be, a lengthy, expensive, complex and uncertain process
requiring the expenditure of substantial resources. Even though the interim analysis met the pre-specified threshold for resubmission of the NDA, we can provide no assurance that the results of the interim analysis will support approval of the NDA
whether as a result of the factors identified in the CRL or otherwise. Moreover, the interim analysis may not be predictive of future results in the Light Study. The FDA has substantial discretion in the drug approval process, including the ability
to delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons. For example: 

the FDA may not deem a product candidate safe and effective; 

the FDA may not find the data from preclinical studies and clinical trials, including the Light Study, sufficient to support approval;
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

the FDA may not agree with our interpretation and characterization of efficacy and safety data from our clinical trials, including the Light Study;

the FDA may require additional preclinical or clinical studies; 

the FDA may not approve of our third-party manufacturers processes and facilities; 

the FDA may not approve of the formulation and/or the specifications of a product candidate; 

the FDA may not agree with our proposed labeling; or 

the FDA may change its approval policies, adopt new regulations or provide new guidance. 
 In addition, the FDA issued draft guidance on developing products for weight management in February 2007. The draft
guidance provides recommendations on the design of studies evaluating the efficacy and safety of products intended to treat obesity. It also provides guidance on the general efficacy benchmarks required in pivotal trials for comparison against
placebo. The FDA is not required to follow the draft guidance and can change this guidance, which could require us to conduct additional clinical trials for NB32 (in addition to the Light Study), or create other requirements that could have the
effect of preventing or delaying approval. For example, the FDA held an advisory committee in late March 2012 to discuss cardiovascular safety assessment of obesity drugs. In that meeting, the Endrocrinologic and Metabolic Drugs Advisory Committee,
or EMDAC, voted 17 to 6 that obesity drugs without a theoretic risk or signal for cardiovascular harm should be required to rule out a certain degree of excess cardiovascular risk with a cardiovascular outcomes trial or any appropriately sized
meta-analysis of Phase II and Phase III MACE data. Although we received written assurance from the OND that such advisory committee would not impact the CVOT advice provided in their letter, we cannot be assured of the outcome of that meeting or its
effect on the SPA, draft guidance or on the development and approvability of our obesity product candidates. For example, we can provide no assurance that DMEP s interpretation of the input received from the March 2012 EMDAC meeting will not
result in changes to the issued guidance regarding the development of obesity compounds, the Light Study design, or the need to conduct additional trials prior to potential approval of the NB32 NDA. Even if the FDA approves our NDA, the final
results of the Light Study may not support continued approval of NB32. Our other product candidate, Empatic,
has been evaluated in Phase II clinical trials and it will need to successfully complete two or more pivotal trials, as well as potential additional non-pivotal clinical trials we may be required to conduct based on feedback we may receive from the
FDA. Similar to NB32, obtaining approval of an NDA for Empatic will be a lengthy, expensive, complex and uncertain process that will require the expenditure of substantial resources. In addition, Empatic contains bupropion, the same active
ingredient that gave rise to the FDA s concerns regarding the cardiovascular safety profile of NB32, which depending on the result of the NDA for NB32 and any additional studies we conduct for it, may adversely affect the development and
regulatory approval prospects of Empatic. In our discussions with the FDA on the
continued development of Empatic, the FDA stated that Phase III data for Empatic may be sufficient to support submission of an NDA without data from a cardiovascular outcomes trial. The FDA indicated that as long as the placebo-subtracted changes in
body weight, blood pressure and heart rate for Empatic are similar to or more favorable than the placebo-subtracted changes observed with NB32, and there are no signals of cardiovascular concern in the Empatic development program, reassuring results
of a cardiovascular outcomes trial with NB32 will be sufficient. In addition, while the FDA reiterated its belief that the preclinical teratogenicity data for zonisamide and the pregnancy outcome data with Empatic from the Phase II clinical
trials are very concerning, it will allow Phase III studies of Empatic to include women of childbearing potential with a body mass index, or BMI, >27 kg/m 2 in the presence of at least one weight-related comorbidity such as hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus or
dyslipidemia and a BMI >30 kg/m 2 without additional
restrictions if appropriate safety measures and adequate informed consent are provided. However, we can provide no assurance that such guidance by the FDA related to Empatic will not change prior to or during any continued development of Empatic.
The FDA noted that similar safety measures and understanding of risk in 
 37 

Table of Contents 

the Phase III trials may need to be applied in the intended marketed population if Empatic is approved. The FDA added that additional worrisome pregnancy outcome data in the Empatic trials may
have an impact on approvability, labeling or risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS. Even if we
receive approval of an NDA for NB32, the FDA may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly additional clinical trials which may be required after approval. The FDA also may approve NB32 for fewer or more limited indications or a
narrower patient population than we originally requested, and the FDA may not approve the labeling that we and our collaborative partner believe is necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of NB32. Any failure to obtain regulatory
approval of NB32 would limit our ability to ever generate revenues (and any failure to obtain such approval for all of the indications and labeling claims we deem desirable could reduce our potential revenue), would potentially harm the development
prospects of Empatic and would have a material and adverse impact on our business. Our SPA with the FDA relating to the
NB32 CVOT does not guarantee any particular outcome from regulatory review of the trial or the product candidate, including NDA approval. The protocol for the Light Study was reviewed by the FDA under its SPA process, which allows for FDA evaluation of a clinical trial protocol in support of an NDA, and provides an agreement that the study
design, including trial size, clinical endpoints and/or data analyses are acceptable to the FDA. However, the SPA agreement is not a guarantee of approval, the FDA retains the right to require additional testing and we cannot be certain that the
design of, or data collected from, the Light Study will be adequate to demonstrate the safety of NB32, or otherwise be sufficient to support FDA or any foreign regulatory approval. Although the SPA agreement calls for review of interim data, and
such interim data was submitted in connection with our NDA resubmission, there is no assurance that such review will result in approval. Further, the SPA agreement is not binding on the FDA if public health concerns unrecognized at the time the SPA
agreement was entered into become evident, other new scientific concerns regarding product safety or efficacy arise, or if we fail to comply with the agreed upon trial protocols. The March 2012 EMDAC meeting, as well as the FDA s interpretation
of the input received at the meeting, heightens these risks. While the FDA stated that the March 2012 EMDAC meeting will not impact the advice provided in the OND s letter and the agency will honor the advice provided, we cannot be certain that
the FDA will not seek to alter the agreement reached in the SPA. In addition, the SPA agreement may be changed by us or the FDA on written agreement of both parties, and the FDA retains significant latitude and discretion in interpreting the terms
of the SPA agreement and the data and results from the Light Study. As a result, we do not know how the FDA will interpret the parties respective commitments under the SPA agreement, how it will interpret the data and results from the Light
Study, or whether NB32 will receive any regulatory approvals as a result of the SPA agreement or the Light Study. Therefore, significant uncertainty remains regarding the clinical development and regulatory approval process for NB32. 
 Our clinical trials, including the Light Study, may fail to demonstrate acceptable levels of safety or efficacy of our product
candidates, which could prevent or significantly delay their regulatory approval. Our product
candidates are prone to the risks of failure inherent in drug development. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of NB32, Empatic or any other product candidate for a target indication, we must demonstrate with substantial
evidence gathered in adequate and well-controlled clinical trials, and, with respect to approval in the United States, to the satisfaction of the FDA and, with respect to approval in other countries, similar regulatory authorities in those
countries, that the product candidate is safe and effective for use for that target indication. Based on our communications with the FDA, we must conduct a cardiovascular outcomes trial to assess NB32 compared to placebo on the occurrence of MACE,
including nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, or cardiovascular death in overweight and obese patients. The FDA has indicated that NB32 could be approved prior to completion of the cardiovascular outcomes trial based on the resubmission
of interim data. We and the FDA estimated that such a study would require approximately 87 total MACE events by the interim data analysis to enable resubmission of the NB32 NDA for approval. In February 2012, we reached agreement with the FDA on the
SPA for the CVOT. We initiated the CVOT, which 
 38 

Table of Contents 

we refer to as the Light Study, in June 2012. In November 2013, after sufficient MACE had occurred, NB32 successfully achieved the pre-established criteria for the interim analysis in order to
enable resubmission of the NB32 NDA. In December 2013, we resubmitted the NDA for NB32 with the FDA and in January 2014, the FDA assigned a PDUFA goal date of June 10, 2014 for the review of the resubmission. However, even though the interim
analysis met the pre-specified criteria for NDA resubmission, we can provide no assurance that the interim analysis or the Light Study will demonstrate acceptable levels of cardiovascular risk or that the interim analysis or results of the Light
Study will support approval of the NB32 NDA. Although we received written assurance from the OND that the
March 2012 EMDAC meeting would not impact the advice provided in their letter, we cannot assure you that the DMEP s interpretation of the input received from the March 2012 EMDAC meeting would not result in changes to the Light Study design,
issued guidance regarding the development of obesity compounds or the need to conduct additional trials prior to potential approval of the NB32 NDA, irrespective of the SPA. In addition, additional evaluation of the interim analysis, including
safety-related data, may produce negative or inconclusive results, or may be inconsistent with the conclusion that the interim analysis was successful. 
 With respect to Empatic, in September 2009, we announced the results of our latest Phase IIb
clinical trial which we believe established that the combination of Empatic s components is more effective than the individual components. It is not clear what magnitude of superiority the FDA will require Empatic to demonstrate versus the most
active individual component in order to agree that Phase III clinical trials may be conducted against placebo only. In addition, Empatic contains bupropion, the same active ingredient that gave rise to the FDA s concerns regarding the
cardiovascular safety profile of NB32, which depending on the result of the NDA for NB32 and any additional studies we conduct for it, as well as the FDA s interpretation of the input received from the March 2012 EMDAC meeting, may adversely
affect the development of Empatic. In our discussions with the FDA on the continued development of Empatic, the FDA stated that Phase III data for Empatic may be sufficient to support submission of an NDA without data from a cardiovascular outcomes
trial. The FDA indicated that as long as the placebo-subtracted changes in body weight, blood pressure and heart rate for Empatic are similar to or more favorable than the placebo-subtracted changes observed with NB32, and there are no signals of
cardiovascular concern in the Empatic development program, reassuring results of a cardiovascular outcomes trial with NB32 will be sufficient. In addition, while the FDA reiterated its belief that the preclinical teratogenicity data for
zonisamide and the pregnancy outcome data with Empatic from the Phase II clinical trials are very concerning, it will allow Phase III studies of Empatic to include women of childbearing potential with a body mass index, or BMI, >27 kg/m 2 in the presence of at least one weight-related comorbidity such as
hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus or dyslipidemia and a BMI >30 kg/m 2 without additional restrictions if appropriate safety measures and adequate informed consent are provided. The FDA noted that similar safety measures and understanding of risk in the Phase III trials may
need to be applied in the intended marketed population if Empatic is approved. The FDA added that additional worrisome pregnancy outcome data in the Empatic trials may have an impact on approvability, labeling or REMS. However, we can provide
no assurance that such guidance by the FDA related to Empatic will not change prior to or during any continued development of Empatic. In addition, we may need to complete additional preclinical testing of our product candidates to evaluate safety and toxicity and the FDA may require us to conduct additional clinical trials. The results
from the preclinical and clinical trials that we have completed for NB32 and Empatic may not be replicated in future trials, or we may be unable to demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy to obtain the requisite regulatory approvals for either
product candidate. A number of companies in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials, even after promising results in earlier trials. If our drug candidates are not shown to be
safe and effective in clinical trials, our clinical development programs could be delayed or terminated. Any delays could also result in the need for additional financing, and our failure to adequately demonstrate the efficacy and safety of NB32,
Empatic or any other product candidates that we may develop, in-license or acquire would prevent receipt of regulatory approval and, ultimately, the commercialization of that product candidate. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Delays in the commencement or completion of clinical trials, including the Light
Study, or the requirement to conduct additional clinical trials could result in increased costs to us and delay or limit our ability to continue development programs and/or generate revenues. 
 Delays in the commencement or completion of clinical trials, including the Light Study, could significantly affect our
product development costs. We do not know whether clinical trials will begin on time or whether clinical trials, including the Light Study, will be completed on schedule, if at all. The commencement and completion of clinical trials, including the
Light Study, can be delayed for a number of reasons, including delays related to: 

obtaining regulatory approval to commence a clinical trial, including regulatory approval of the design of a clinical trial;

reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations, or CROs, and trial sites, the terms of which can be subject
to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

manufacturing sufficient quantities of a product candidate for use in clinical trials; 

obtaining institutional review board, or IRB, approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site; 

recruiting and enrolling patients to participate in clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including competition from other clinical trial
programs for the treatment of obesity or similar indications and the restrictions imposed by the design and length of a clinical trial; 

retaining patients who have initiated a clinical trial, including the Light Study, but may be prone to withdraw due to side effects from the
therapy, lack of efficacy or personal issues, or who are lost to further follow-up; 

the status of our collaborative relationship with Takeda with respect to any additional clinical trials required for NB32; and

collecting, reviewing and analyzing our clinical trial data. 
 Clinical trials may also be delayed as a result of ambiguous or negative interim results. In addition, a clinical trial,
including the Light Study, may be suspended or terminated by us, a collaborative partner, the FDA, the IRB overseeing the clinical trial at issue, any of our clinical trial sites with respect to that site, or other regulatory authorities due to a
number of factors, including: 

failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols; 

lack of adequate funding or other resources to continue the clinical trial; 

inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial sites by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical
hold; 

unforeseen safety issues; and 

logistical and operational challenges inherent in complex clinical trials. 
 Additionally, changes in regulatory requirements and guidance for developing products for weight management may occur and
we may need to initiate new clinical trials or change protocols of existing clinical trials to account for these changes. For instance, based on the FDA s interpretation of the input received from the March 2012 EMDAC meeting, the FDA may issue
final guidance on developing products for weight management. While we believe the designs of our pivotal clinical trials for NB32 and the design for the Light Study are consistent with the current recommendations made by the FDA in the draft
guidance, we cannot guarantee that the FDA will not require different or additional clinical trials or studies to support regulatory approval in addition to the Light Study. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the
commencement or completion of clinical trials, including the Light Study, may also ultimately lead to the termination of a development program and/or the denial of regulatory approval of a product candidate, including the denial of the NB32 NDA.
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects that could delay or prevent
their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. 
 Undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to
interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. NB32 has been evaluated in four completed Phase III clinical trials,
which we refer to collectively as the Contrave Obesity Research, or COR, program. Across the entire COR
program, seven patients experienced serious adverse events that were attributed by investigators as possibly related or related to NB32 treatment. These include cholecystitis (gallbladder inflammation) (2), seizure (2), palpitations (1), paresthesia
(1) and vertigo (1). The most frequently observed treatment-emergent adverse events were nausea, constipation, vomiting and dizziness. Nausea was the leading adverse event resulting in discontinuation; however, for the majority of patients
experiencing nausea, it was mild to moderate, transient and manageable. In the Light Study interim analysis, there were no unexpected new safety signals observed. Serious adverse events and adverse events leading to discontinuation were generally
consistent with the overall safety profile established in the COR program. However, these conclusions are only preliminary and based on the interim analysis, and may change upon further review of the data in connection with the ongoing conduct of
the trial. In September 2009, we announced the results from our latest Phase IIb clinical trial for Empatic. The most frequent side effects observed in this clinical trial were headache, nausea and insomnia. Adverse events and laboratory findings
appeared to be consistent with the individual components of Empatic, bupropion and zonisamide. Specifically, infrequent reports of idiopathic neutropenia, or transient extremely low white blood cell counts, were observed. Sulfonamides, of which
zonisamide belongs, are one of many classes of drugs which have been reported to infrequently cause benign, idiopathic neutropenia. The safety data we have disclosed to date represents our interpretation of the data at the time of disclosure and it is subject to our further review and analysis. Serious adverse events have been
reported to the FDA and study investigators as required in accordance with current guidelines and standards. Serious adverse events that are not characterized by clinical investigators as possibly related to our study drug or adverse events that
occur in small numbers may not be disclosed to the public until such time the various documents submitted to the FDA as part of the approval process are made public. We are unable to determine if the subsequent disclosure of adverse events will have
an adverse effect on our stock price. In addition, our interpretation of the safety data from our clinical trials is contingent upon the review and ultimate approval of the FDA. The FDA may not agree with our methods of analysis or our
interpretation of the results. In addition, the constituent drugs of each of our product candidates each has
its own side effect profile that is included in the respective current product label. If our product candidates are approved by the FDA, we would anticipate that their labels would include the side effect profiles of each of the constituent drugs.
Moreover, patients in our clinical trials may experience side effects that are indicated in the constituent drugs labels, as was the case with the side effects experienced by patients in our clinical trials of NB32 and Empatic to date. In
addition, while the constituent drugs that make up NB32 and Empatic have post-marketing safety records and while we have tested these constituent drugs in combination in our clinical trials of NB32 and Empatic to date, the safety of the combined use
of the constituents of NB32 and Empatic is not yet fully known, and any future trials may produce side effects not observed to date. For example, despite our interim analysis for the Light Study, analysis of subsequent data from the Light Study may
demonstrate that the risk of MACE in overweight and obese patients treated with NB32 adversely affects the drug s benefit-risk profile and could delay or prevent the regulatory approval of NB32. In addition, in the Light Study the incidence of
known side effects may occur at increased rates or new undesirable side effects may arise that could delay or prevent the regulatory approval of NB32. The approvability and eventual labeling of NB32 and Empatic will be determined by the safety
experience with the drugs in the context of their relative merits (efficacy) in an obese population. Any of the side effects of NB32 or Empatic, or their individual constituent drugs, could delay or prevent their regulatory approval or limit the
commercial profile of an approved label. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Further, if any of our product candidates receives marketing approval and we
or others, including our collaborative partner, identify undesirable side effects caused by the product (or any other similar product) after the approval, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 

regulatory authorities may withdraw or limit their approval of the product; 

regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as a boxed warning with NB32 or Empatic or a
contraindication; 

we may be required to change the way the product is distributed or administered, conduct additional clinical trials or change the labeling of the
product; 

we or our collaborative partner may decide to remove the products from the marketplace; 

we could be sued and held liable for injury caused to individuals exposed to or taking our product candidates; and 

our reputation may suffer. Any of these events could prevent us and our collaborative partner from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product candidate and could substantially increase the costs of
commercializing our product candidates and significantly impact our ability and our collaborative partner s ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and generate revenues. 
 We rely primarily on third parties to assist us in the preparation of our regulatory applications and conduct our clinical trials.
If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates within our expected timeframes or at all.
 We are currently working with a number of CROs for monitoring, oversight and statistical support for
the Light Study. In addition, we expect to use a CRO to assist us with the development of Empatic and the preparation of the regulatory submissions for our product candidates. The third parties with whom we contract for preparation of our regulatory
applications and execution of our clinical trials play a significant role in the preparation of regulatory applications, the conduct of our clinical trials and the subsequent collection, review and analysis of data. These third parties, including
CROs and investigators, are not our employees, and we have limited ability to control the amount or timing of resources that they devote to our programs. If our CROs, consultants or independent investigators fail to devote sufficient time and
resources to our drug development programs and related regulatory applications, or if their performance is substandard, it may delay the potential approval of our regulatory applications and the commercialization of our product candidates. In
addition, the execution of clinical trials, the subsequent compilation, review and analysis of the data produced and the preparation of regulatory applications requires coordination among various parties. In order for these functions to be carried
out effectively and efficiently, it is imperative that these parties provide the necessary resources and communicate and coordinate with one another. If these third parties are unable to provide the necessary resources or coordinate and communicate
with one another, our clinical trials may be delayed or the completion and analysis of the data and the related regulatory applications may be delayed or compromised. Moreover, these third parties may also have relationships with other commercial
entities, some of which may compete with us. If these third parties also contract to provide services for our competitors, it could adversely affect our business. If the contract manufacturers upon whom we rely fail to produce our product candidates in the volumes that we and our current and any future collaborative partner require on a timely basis, or fail
to comply with stringent regulations applicable to pharmaceutical drug manufacturers, we and such collaborative partner may face delays in the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We do not currently possess nor do we plan to implement manufacturing processes internally. We currently utilize the
services of contract manufacturers to manufacture our clinical supplies. These clinical supplies include 
 42 

Table of Contents 

the formulations of our product candidates active pharmaceutical ingredients, or API, from our API suppliers, the tablets combining those components and the bottles used to package these
tablets for use in clinical trials. If the contract manufacturers upon whom we rely fail to produce our product candidates in the volumes required on a timely basis, we may face delays in the development of our product candidates. In addition,
pursuant to an amendment to our collaboration agreement with Takeda, effective in September 2013 Takeda assumed from us the responsibility to package NB32 for commercial sale in the United States, Canada and Mexico. We will continue to supply bulk
tablets of NB32 to Takeda in accordance with the terms of the collaboration agreement. 
 In March 2010, we entered into a long-term manufacturing services agreement, or manufacturing
agreement, with Patheon Pharmaceuticals and Patheon Inc., which we collectively refer to as Patheon, pursuant to which Patheon has agreed to manufacture commercial quantities of our NB32 tablet products. Under the terms of the manufacturing
agreement, as amended by the parties in November 2013, we are required to purchase from Patheon a certain percentage of our requirements for NB32 tablet products intended for commercial sale, provided certain terms and conditions are met. The
initial term of the manufacturing agreement commenced in March 2010 and shall continue in effect until
December 31 st of the year that is five years from the
date NB32 first receives approval for marketing from the FDA or any foreign regulatory agencies competent to grant marketing approvals for pharmaceutical products. Upon expiration of the initial term, the agreement will be automatically renewed for
additional two year terms. Patheon may terminate the manufacturing agreement at any time upon specified prior written notice to us. We may also terminate the manufacturing agreement with specified prior written notice to Patheon, subject to our
payment of certain termination amounts. Either party may terminate the manufacturing agreement effective immediately upon written notice to the other in the event that (a) the other party dissolves, is declared insolvent or bankrupt by a court
of competent jurisdiction, (b) a voluntary petition of bankruptcy is filed in any court of competent jurisdiction, or (c) the manufacturing agreement is assigned for the benefit of creditors. We may terminate the manufacturing agreement
upon specified prior written notice if any governmental or regulatory authority, including, but not limited to, the FDA, takes any action, or raises any objection, that prevents us from importing, exporting, purchasing or selling NB32 tablet
products. We are also required to give specified advance notice if we intend to no longer order commercial supplies of NB32 tablet products pursuant to the manufacturing agreement due to the product s discontinuance in the market. Patheon may
terminate the manufacturing agreement upon specified prior written notice to us if we assign any of our rights under the manufacturing agreement to an assignee that, in the opinion of Patheon acting reasonably, is (a) not a credit worthy
substitute for us, or (b) a competitor of Patheon. Moreover, either party may terminate the manufacturing agreement upon written notice to the other party where the other party has failed to remedy a material breach of any of its
representations, warranties, or other obligations under the manufacturing agreement within a specified period of time following receipt of a written notice of the breach, subject to specified terms and conditions. 
 If we change to other manufacturers in the future, the FDA and comparable foreign regulators must approve these
manufacturers facilities and processes prior to use, which would require new testing and compliance inspections, and the new manufacturers would have to be educated in or demonstrate successful technology transfer of the processes necessary
for the production of our product candidates. The manufacture of pharmaceutical products requires significant
expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up for commercial
production. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, including stability of the product candidate and quality assurance testing, shortages of qualified personnel and production capacity, equipment
failures as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and foreign regulations, which include product requirements established by the FDA or other regulatory agencies and stability requirements in other foreign countries that our
current product candidate formulations may not be able to meet. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties in the United States or in other foreign countries or otherwise fail to comply with their obligations to us, or if we or
our collaborative partner do not accurately forecast our demand, our ability or our collaborative partner s ability to provide product candidates to patients in our and our current and 
 43 

Table of Contents 

any future collaborative partner s clinical trials, including the Light Study, or to commercially launch a product candidate would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply of
clinical trial supplies could delay the completion of clinical trials, including the Light Study, increase the costs associated with maintaining a clinical trial program and, depending upon the period of delay, require us or such collaborative
partner to commence new trials at significant additional expense or terminate the trials completely. In
addition, all manufacturers of our products must comply with current good manufacturing practice, or cGMP, requirements enforced by the FDA through its facilities inspection program. These requirements include, among other things, quality control,
quality assurance and the generation and maintenance of records and documentation. Manufacturers of our products may be unable to comply with these cGMP requirements and with other FDA, state and foreign regulatory requirements. While we have
implemented a quality oversight program, we have little control over our manufacturers compliance with these regulations and standards. A failure to comply with these requirements may result in fines and civil penalties, suspension of
production, suspension or delay in product approval, product seizure or recall, or withdrawal of product approval. If the safety of any product supplied is compromised due to our manufacturers failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other
reasons, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully complete the Light Study or any other required clinical trials or commercialize our products, and we may be held liable for any injuries sustained as a result. Any of
these factors could cause a delay of clinical trials, including the Light Study, regulatory submissions, approvals or commercialization of our product candidates, entail higher costs or result in our or our current or any future collaborative
partner being unable to effectively commercialize our products. Furthermore, if our manufacturers fail to deliver the required commercial quantities on a timely basis, pursuant to provided specifications and at commercially reasonable prices, we and
our current and any future collaborative partner may be unable to meet demand for our products and would lose potential revenues. There are labeled adverse side effects to the individual use of bupropion, naltrexone and zonisamide. 
 A key constituent of NB32 and Empatic is bupropion, which has been approved by the FDA for the
treatment of depression and to assist smoking cessation. The FDA has directed manufacturers of all antidepressant drugs to include in their product labels a boxed warning and expanded warning statements regarding an increased risk of
suicidal thinking and behavior in children and adolescents being treated with these drugs. The package insert for bupropion includes such a boxed warning statement. In December 2006, the FDA held an advisory committee meeting regarding
suicidal thinking and behavior in adults being treated with antidepressant drugs. The advisory committee recommended that the boxed warning be extended to cover adults up to their mid-20 s. To the extent that any additional warnings
or labeling changes related to suicidal thinking and behavior in adults are required, we expect that any such additional warnings or other labeling changes will also be required on labeling for both NB32 and Empatic, if approved. In July 2009, the
FDA issued a news release announcing that it was requiring manufacturers to put a boxed warning on the prescribing information for smoking cessation drugs including Zyban , which is a branded form of bupropion. The warning highlights the risk of serious mental health events including changes in behavior, depressed mood, hostility, and
suicidal thoughts. Although neither NB32 nor Empatic is intended to be promoted for or used in the treatment of major depression or smoking cessation, we expect that a similar warning statement will be required on labeling for both NB32 and Empatic,
particularly because it is likely that there will be obese patients who smoke or depressed obese patients who will use these product candidates, if approved. The FDA has also directed manufacturers of antidepressant drugs to create Medication Guides to be distributed to patients regarding the risk of suicidal thinking and behavior in children and adolescents.
Although we have not included children or adolescents in either the NB32 or Empatic clinical trials, it is possible that the FDA will require a Medication Guide for both NB32 and Empatic. These warnings and other requirements may have the effect of
limiting the market acceptance by our current and any future collaborative partner s targeted physicians and patients of NB32 and Empatic, if these product candidates are approved. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 The other constituent of NB32, naltrexone, has been approved by the FDA for
the treatment of alcohol and opioid dependence. The FDA has directed the manufacturers of naltrexone for these indications to include in their product labels a boxed warning and expanded warnings statements regarding hepatotoxicity, or
liver toxicity. A similar warning statement may be required on labeling for NB32, if approved. Each of the
constituent drugs included in the NB32 and Empatic combinations has in its package insert a Category C pregnancy precaution. This means that animal studies have shown that each of these constituent drugs has the potential to cause birth
defects and that there have been no adequate and well-controlled studies of the constituent drugs in pregnant women, but that the FDA has determined that the benefits from the use of such drugs in pregnant women may be acceptable despite the
potential risks. In addition, although NB32 is not known to be teratogenic, it appears from a recent FDA action, in which the FDA stated that weight loss offers no potential benefit to a pregnant woman and may result in fetal harm, that the FDA is
likely to classify all weight loss pharmaceutical products as Category X. Both of the obesity therapeutics approved by the FDA in 2012 and orlistat have Category X pregnancy precautions. 
 Zonisamide, a constituent drug of Empatic, also has a warning that women of childbearing age should be advised to use
contraception due to the teratogenicity seen in animal studies. In addition, because of concerns published in academic journals regarding the possible developmental effects of zonisamide in animals as well as reports from Japan in which women
receiving zonisamide combined with other anticonvulsants had children with birth defects, it is likely that Empatic, if approved, will receive a Category X pregnancy precaution and thus, would be contraindicated for use by pregnant or
nursing women with warnings about use of Empatic in women of childbearing age. This means that there could be a labeling limitation or REMS on the use of Empatic without adequate contraception or perhaps a prohibition on the use of Empatic by all
women of childbearing age. Although we have designed our clinical trials to educate women about the necessity of using adequate contraception while taking, and for a period of time after taking, our product candidates, women may not take the
necessary precautions to prevent pregnancy and as a result, women taking our product candidates may risk bearing children with birth defects. For example, during the first Phase IIb trial, four women on Empatic became pregnant and carried the
pregnancies to term. Three of the pregnancies resulted in normal infants at birth. In the fourth case there were birth abnormalities, one of which, a cardiac abnormality, was corrected surgically. Although this case is a complicated one with a
number of plausible, alternative etiologies, it has been reported by the investigator as a serious adverse event and possibly related to Empatic. Sulfonamides, of which zonisamide belongs, are one of many classes of drugs which have been reported to
infrequently cause benign, idiopathic neutropenia, or transient extremely low white blood cell counts. Infrequent reports of idiopathic neutropenia were observed in our Empatic Phase IIb trial. 
 The FDA has issued an alert based on updated clinical data that treatment with zonisamide can cause metabolic acidosis in
some patients. Metabolic acidosis is a disturbance in the body s acid-base balance that results in excessive acidity in the blood. The FDA recommended that healthcare professionals monitor for metabolic acidosis at the start of treatment with
zonisamide and periodically during treatment with zonisamide even in the absence of symptoms. We have been monitoring for metabolic acidosis in all of our Empatic clinical trials, and we have not observed any clinically meaningful cases of metabolic
acidosis. A warning statement about metabolic acidosis may be required in the labeling for Empatic. The FDA
has analyzed reports of suicidal behavior or ideation from placebo-controlled clinical studies of eleven anticonvulsants (including zonisamide). In the FDA s analysis, patients receiving anticonvulsants had approximately twice the risk of
suicidal behavior or ideation compared to patients receiving placebo. The relative risk for suicidal behavior or ideation was higher in the patients with epilepsy compared to patients who were given one of the anticonvulsants for conditions other
than epilepsy. The FDA has indicated that it will be working with manufacturers of marketed anticonvulsants to include this new information in the labeling of these products. It is possible that any changes related to suicidal behavior or ideation
that occur to the labels of these anticonvulsants will be required on the labeling for Empatic, if approved. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Notwithstanding the existing labeling for the constituents of our drugs in
development, the FDA may choose to apply more stringent warning statements or stronger classifications or categorizations of risk in the labeling for NB32 or Empatic, if approved, based on the different risk-benefit profile of our product candidates
in the context of unmet need in the treatment of obesity, as compared to the approved indications for the constituent drugs of NB32 and Empatic. For example, the label ultimately approved for NB32 or Empatic, if any, may include restrictions on use
that may not appear in the existing labeling for the constituent drugs in NB32 or Empatic, including restrictions based on pregnancy status, level of obesity and duration of treatment or a boxed warning consistent with those for
antidepressants, anticonvulsants, products for smoking cessation, naltrexone or otherwise. Any of these known
side effects and any associated warning statements or classification or categorization of risk may limit the commercial profile of an approved label for our product candidates and prevent us or our collaborative partner from achieving or maintaining
market acceptance of our product candidates. The CRL we received for the NB32 NDA may also materially and adversely
affect our Empatic development program. Empatic contains bupropion, the same active ingredient that
gave rise to the FDA s concerns regarding the cardiovascular safety profile of NB32. We are unable to predict whether the FDA may extend the requirement to conduct a CVOT to Empatic as well or whether the March 2012 EMDAC meeting will result in
other such requirements. In our discussions with the FDA on the continued development of Empatic, the FDA stated that Phase III data for Empatic may be sufficient to support submission of an NDA without data from a CVOT. The FDA indicated that as
long as the placebo-subtracted changes in body weight, blood pressure and heart rate for Empatic are similar to or more favorable than the placebo-subtracted changes observed with NB32, and there are no signals of cardiovascular concern in the
Empatic development program, reassuring results of a CVOT with NB32 will be sufficient. Even though the Light Study interim analysis met the pre-specified threshold for resubmission of our NDA, later evidence we gather from the Light Study may
not demonstrate that NB32 is safe and effective for use in our target indication and, moreover, may demonstrate that the risk of adverse cardiovascular events in overweight and obese patients treated with NB32 adversely affects the drug s
benefit-risk profile. Such a result could not only delay or terminate our development program for NB32, but Empatic as well, which could result in our inability to continue operations because we currently have no additional product candidates in
development. Even if our product candidates receive regulatory approval, they may still face future development and
regulatory difficulties. Even if U.S. regulatory approval is obtained, the FDA may still impose
significant restrictions on a product s indicated uses or marketing or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-approval studies. For example, the label ultimately approved for NB32 or Empatic, if any, may include restrictions on
use, including restrictions based on pregnancy status, level of obesity and duration of treatment or a boxed warning consistent with those for antidepressants, anticonvulsants, products for smoking cessation, naltrexone or otherwise. Our
product candidates will also be subject to ongoing FDA requirements governing the labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, recordkeeping and submission of safety and other post-market information. In addition, we are unable to predict
whether the FDA may require a CVOT for Empatic or if the FDA will request additional clinical trials be conducted after either product candidate receives regulatory approval. We may not have the resources to conduct such additional clinical trials,
if required, and our ability to comply with the FDA requirements may be negatively impacted. Manufacturers of
drug products and their facilities are also subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP regulations. If we, a collaborative partner or a regulatory agency discover
previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is 
 46 

Table of Contents 

manufactured (including a change or revision to the specifications set forth in the facility s drug master file, or DMF), a regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product, the
manufacturer, our collaborative partner or us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing. If we, a collaborative partner, our product candidates or the manufacturing facilities for our product
candidates fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency may: 

issue Warning Letters or untitled letters; 

impose civil or criminal penalties; 

suspend regulatory approval; 

suspend any ongoing clinical trials, including the Light Study; 

refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to applications filed by us; 

impose restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; or 

seize or detain products or require us or our collaborative partner to initiate a product recall. 
 If the suppliers upon whom we rely for API fail to produce such ingredients in the volumes that we or our collaborative partner
require on a timely basis, or to comply with stringent regulations applicable to pharmaceutical drug manufacturers, we or our collaborative partner may face delays in the development or commercial launch of our product candidates.
 We do not manufacture any of our API nor do we plan to develop any capacity to do so. Instead, we rely
on suppliers of API to provide component materials to our other contract manufacturers, who produce finished pharmaceutical products incorporating the API. The failure or inability of our API suppliers to satisfy our API requirements on a timely
basis could delay our development programs, including the Light Study, or commercial launch of our product candidates, if approved. Although naltrexone itself is not addictive, synthesis of naltrexone is a multi-step process with a natural opiate starting material that has the potential for abuse and is therefore regulated as a
controlled substance under the federal Controlled Substances Act or applicable foreign equivalents. As such, manufacturers of naltrexone API must be registered with the Drug Enforcement Administration, or DEA, or applicable foreign equivalents.
Manufacturers making naltrexone also must obtain annual quotas from the DEA for the opiate starting material. Because of the DEA-related requirements and modest current demand for naltrexone API, there currently exist a limited number of
manufacturers of this API. Therefore, API costs for naltrexone are greater than for the other constituents of our product candidates. Demand for NB32 may require amounts of naltrexone greater than the currently available worldwide supply or our or
our collaborative partner s current forecasts for the supply to us of NB32 or its components. Any lack of sufficient quantities of naltrexone would limit our or our collaborative partner s ability to complete any additional required
clinical trials, including the Light Study, and to launch and continue to commercialize NB32. Although we are evaluating additional possible manufacturers to supplement our current naltrexone manufacturing capacity, including those in the United
States, Europe and Asia, we may not be successful in accessing additional manufacturing supply of naltrexone API or other necessary components of our product candidates at the appropriate quantities, quality or price. 
 We have entered into long-term supply agreements for the supply of naltrexone API. In January 2009,
we entered into a supply agreement with Cilag AG, pursuant to which Cilag will manufacture commercial supplies of naltrexone for use in our drug products. The supply agreement shall continue in effect until four years from the period beginning on
the first December 31 st following marketing approval
by the FDA for a drug product of ours containing naltrexone. Either party may terminate the supply agreement effective immediately upon written notice to the other in the event that (a) the other party dissolves, is declared insolvent or
bankrupt by a court of competent jurisdiction, (b) a voluntary or involuntary petition of bankruptcy is filed in any court of competent jurisdiction, or (c) the supply agreement is assigned for the benefit of creditors. In addition, we may
terminate the 
 47 

Table of Contents 

supply agreement effective immediately upon written notice in the event that (a) any regulatory agency takes any action, or raises any objection that prevents us from importing, exporting,
purchasing or selling a finished product containing naltrexone, (b) the product containing naltrexone fails during clinical trials and we withdraw our NDA, (c) we determine, in our sole discretion, to no longer pursue the development
and/or commercialization of a product containing naltrexone, or (d) a legal proceeding shall be instituted against Cilag, which is reasonably likely to materially adversely affect Cilag s ability to properly perform under the supply
agreement or subject us to any material risk of liability or loss. Moreover, either party may terminate the agreement upon specified written notice of a failure by the other party to perform or observe any material covenant, condition or agreement
to be performed or observed by it under the supply agreement, unless such breach has been cured within the specified notice period. We entered into a supply agreement with Mallinckrodt LLC, effective in January 2013, pursuant to which Mallinckrodt will manufacture commercial supplies of naltrexone for use in our drug products.
Pursuant to the terms of the supply agreement, we will pay a certain fixed price for such naltrexone, which prices may be adjusted, subject to specified limitations. We are required to purchase from Mallinckrodt a specified percentage of our
requirements for naltrexone in our drug products containing naltrexone, which are intended for commercial sale, provided that certain terms and conditions are met. 
 The initial term of the supply agreement commenced in January 2013 and will continue in effect through December 2014.
This initial term may only be renewed with the express written agreement of both parties. Either party may terminate the supply agreement effective immediately upon written notice to the other in the event that (a) the other party dissolves, is
declared insolvent or bankrupt by a court of competent jurisdiction, (b) a voluntary or involuntary (if not dismissed within a specified number of days) petition of bankruptcy is filed in any court of competent jurisdiction, or (c) the
supply agreement is assigned for the benefit of creditors. Either party may terminate the supply agreement upon specified written notice to the other party of a failure by that party to perform or observe any material covenant, condition or
agreement to be performed or observed by it under the supply agreement, unless such breach has been cured within the specified notice period. We may terminate the supply agreement upon 60 days prior written notice to Mallinckrodt in the event
that, (a) any regulatory agency takes any action, or raises any objection that prevents us from importing, exporting, purchasing or selling naltrexone or any of our drug product containing naltrexone, (b) our drug product containing
naltrexone fails during clinical trials and we withdraw our NDA, or (c) we determine, in our sole discretion, to no longer pursue the development and/or commercialization of any of our drug products containing naltrexone. 
 We have no other material, long-term commitments or supply agreements with any of our other API suppliers. Although we
may seek to establish additional long-term supply commitments in the future, we may be required to agree to minimum volume requirements, exclusivity arrangements or other restrictions. We may not be able to enter into additional long-term agreements
on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Consequently, even if and when our product candidates are approved, we and our current and any future collaborative partner may not be able to successfully commercialize these product candidates if we are
unable to secure long-term supply commitments for all of their API components. In addition, our API suppliers
must comply with cGMP requirements enforced by the FDA through its facilities inspection program and must maintain and comply with their respective DMFs on file with the FDA. These requirements include, among other things, quality control, quality
assurance and the generation and maintenance of records and documentation. Suppliers of our API may be unable to comply with these cGMP requirements and with other FDA, state and foreign regulatory requirements. While we have implemented a quality
oversight program, we have little control over our manufacturers compliance with these regulations and standards. A failure to comply with these requirements may result in fines and civil penalties, suspension of production, suspension or
delay in product approval, product seizure or recall, or withdrawal of product approval. If the safety of any product supplied is compromised due to our suppliers failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other reasons, we may not be able to
obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our products, and we may be held liable for any injuries sustained as a result. Any of these factors could cause a 
 48 

Table of Contents 

delay of clinical trials, including the Light Study, regulatory submissions, approvals or commercialization of our product candidates, entail higher costs or result in our and our current and any
future collaborative partner being unable to effectively commercialize our products. Furthermore, if our suppliers fail to deliver the required commercial quantities of API on a timely basis, pursuant to the required specifications set forth in
their respective DMF and at commercially reasonable prices, and we are unable to timely secure and qualify additional suppliers with applicable regulatory authorities, we and our current or any future collaborative partner may not be able to
successfully commercialize our product candidates, any commercial launch could be delayed and/or we and such collaborative partner may be unable to meet demand for our products and would lose potential revenues. 
 We are dependent on our collaboration with Takeda to commercialize NB32 in the United States, Canada and Mexico, and, if our NDA
for NB32 is approved by the FDA, to further develop NB32. This collaboration may place the commercialization and, if applicable, the development outside our control, and poor performance under or failure to maintain the collaboration agreement
between us and Takeda could have a material and adverse impact on our business. In September 2010, we
entered into a collaboration agreement with Takeda for the development and commercialization of NB32 in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Under the collaboration agreement as amended, Takeda is also responsible for the packaging of NB32 for
commercial sale. We cannot be certain that our collaboration with Takeda will continue. Both we and Takeda have the right to terminate the collaboration agreement, in certain circumstances, prior to its expiration, including a right by Takeda to
terminate the agreement upon specified prior written notice. If the agreement is terminated prior to its expiration, we may not be able to find another collaborator for the development and commercialization of NB32, and even if we elected to pursue
further development and commercialization of NB32 on our own, we might not be able to do so successfully and would experience substantially increased capital requirements that we might not be able to fund. 
 Our dependence on Takeda and the collaboration agreement will subject us to a number of risks, including: 

Takeda may not perform as expected and we may not be able to control the amount and timing of resources that Takeda may devote to commercial
packaging or the post-approval development or commercialization of NB32; 

we and Takeda could disagree as to pre-approval or post-approval development plans and Takeda may delay clinical trials, including the Light Study,
or stop a clinical trial, including the Light Study; 

there may be disputes between us and Takeda, including disagreements regarding the collaboration agreement, that may result in (a) the delay of
(or prevent entirely) the achievement of regulatory and commercial objectives that would result in milestone payments, (b) the delay or termination of the development, commercial packaging or commercialization of NB32, and/or (c) costly
litigation or arbitration that diverts our management s attention and resources; 

Takeda may not comply with applicable regulatory guidelines with respect to the development, commercial packaging or commercialization of NB32,
which could adversely impact the development of or sales of NB32 and could result in administrative or judicially imposed sanctions, including warning letters, civil and criminal penalties, injunctions, product seizures or detention, product
recalls, total or partial suspension of production and refusal to approve any new drug applications; 

Takeda may not provide us with timely and accurate information regarding sales activities and supply forecasts, which could adversely impact our
ability to comply with our manufacturing and supply obligations under the collaboration agreement and our and Takeda s ability to launch and commercialize NB32, if approved; 

Takeda may experience financial difficulties; 

business combinations or significant changes in Takeda s business strategy may also adversely affect Takeda s ability to perform its
obligations under our collaboration agreement; 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Takeda may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite
litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; and 

notwithstanding the non-competition requirements in the collaboration agreement, Takeda could independently move forward with a competing product
candidate developed either independently or in collaboration with others, including our competitors. Any failure of Takeda to adequately perform its obligations under our collaboration agreement or the termination of such agreement could have a material and adverse impact on our business. 
 We expect intense competition in the obesity marketplace for NB32 and Empatic, if approved, and new products may emerge that
provide different or better therapeutic alternatives for obesity and weight loss. 
 If approved and commercialized, both NB32 and Empatic will compete with well-established prescription
drugs for the treatment of obesity, including Xenical (orlistat), marketed by Genentech, Inc. Orlistat has also
been launched by GlaxoSmithKline in over-the-counter form under the brand name all , which represents
additional competition and potential negative pricing pressure. Orlistat is marketed by a pharmaceutical company with substantially greater resources than we have. In addition, a number of generic pharmaceutical products are prescribed for obesity,
including phentermine, phendimetrazine, benzphetamine and diethylpropion. Some of these generic drugs, and others, are prescribed in combinations that have shown anecdotal evidence of efficacy. These products are sold at much lower prices than we or
our collaborative partner intend to charge for our product candidates, if approved. The availability of a large number of branded prescription products, including drugs that are prescribed off-label, generic products and over-the-counter products
could limit the demand for, and the price we or our collaborative partner are able to charge for, our product candidates. In addition, in June 2012, Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Arena, obtained FDA approval for its product, locaserin. In July
2012, Vivus, Inc. obtained FDA approval for its combination product, phentermine/topiramate. Vivus commercially launched its combination product in the United States under the name Qsymia in September 2012. Eisai Inc., commercially launched
locaserin in the United States under the name Belviq in June 2013. Vivus, Arena and Eisai may build a significant competitive advantage prior to the time we and our collaborative partner are able to market NB32, or we or any future collaborative
partner are able to market Empatic, if approved. Further, if safety concerns about these products use arise after their launch, such concerns may materially and adversely affect the labeling for NB32 or Empatic and/or our ability to gain
approval of the NDA for NB32 or Empatic and, if approved, our and our collaborative partner s ability to effectively market and sell NB32 or Empatic. If such products are successfully marketed, they could represent additional competition and
potential negative pricing pressure with respect to NB32 or Empatic. Currently, there are a number of drug
products in development for obesity which could become competitors against our product candidates. These include products being developed by AstraZeneca, Athersys, Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb, Norgine BV, Novo Nordisk A/S, Roche, our partner, Takeda,
and Zafgen, Inc. There are also surgical approaches to treat severe obesity that are becoming increasingly
accepted and could become competitors against our product candidates. Two of the most well established surgical procedures are gastric bypass surgery and adjustable gastric banding. In addition, other potential approaches which utilize various
implantable devices or surgical tools are in development, including an endoscopic approach for treating obesity. Some of these approaches are in late stage development and may be approved for marketing. Companies such as Allergan, Inc., Boston
Scientific, Covidien Ltd., EnteroMedics, Inc., GI Dynamics, Inc., Johnson Johnson, Medtronic, Inc. and Obalon Therapeutics, Inc. are all active in this space and may have substantially greater resources than we have. 
 New developments, including the development of other drug technologies and methods of preventing the incidence of
disease, occur in the nutritional, pharmaceutical and medical technology industries at a rapid pace. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

These developments may render our product candidates less competitive. Some of our potential competitors are large pharmaceutical or device firms and have substantially greater resources than we
have. These resources could be directed toward the obesity market and include: 

research and development resources, including personnel and technology; 

regulatory experience; 

drug development and clinical trial experience; 

experience and expertise in exploitation of intellectual property rights; and 

capital resources. As a result of these factors, our competitors may obtain regulatory approval of their products more rapidly than we do or may obtain patent protection or other intellectual property rights that limit our
ability to develop or commercialize our product candidates. Our competitors may also develop drugs or surgical approaches that are more effective, more useful and less costly than ours and may also be more successful in manufacturing and marketing
their products. In addition, our competitors may be more effective in commercializing their products. We currently outsource our manufacturing and therefore rely on third parties for that competitive expertise. There can be no assurance that we will
be able to develop or contract for these capabilities on acceptable economic terms, or at all. In addition, should both NB32 and Empatic be approved to treat obesity, these product candidates may compete with one another. While we intend to direct
each product candidate to specific segments of the obesity marketplace, the FDA does not distinguish between these types of obesity and, if approved, any potential label for NB32 and Empatic would be expected to refer to obesity generally. There is
no guarantee that we and our current and any future collaborative partner will be successful in marketing NB32 and Empatic to their respective target markets, if approved, or minimizing competition between them. 
 Our product candidates are combinations of generically-available pharmaceutical products, and our success is dependent on our
ability and our collaborative partner s ability to compete against off-label generic substitutes and demonstrate the advantages of our proprietary combination products. 
 Off-label use occurs when physicians prescribe a drug that is approved by the FDA for one indication for a different,
unapproved indication. We believe that a practitioner seeking safe and effective therapy is not likely to prescribe such off-label generics in place of NB32 or Empatic because the dosage strengths, pharmacokinetic profiles and titration regimens
recommended for NB32 and Empatic are not available using existing generic preparations of immediate release, or IR, naltrexone, zonisamide IR and bupropion SR, and there are no oral generic SR formulations of naltrexone or zonisamide. However, a
physician could seek to prescribe off-label generics in place of NB32 or Empatic. Such off-label prescriptions could significantly diminish the market potential of our products and significantly impact our ability and our collaborative
partner s ability to generate revenues. With regard to off-label substitution at the pharmacy level, we
expect to rely on the novel dose ratios and novel pharmacokinetic properties of our product candidates, as well as the differences in their approved indications, to provide sufficient distinction such that generic preparations are not considered
therapeutic equivalents by the FDA. State pharmacy laws in many instances only permit pharmacists to substitute generic products for branded products if the products are therapeutic equivalents. Therefore, the lack of therapeutic equivalency should
limit generic substitution by pharmacies and/or pharmacy benefit managers. However, we cannot be certain that pharmacists and/or pharmacy benefit managers will not seek prescriber authorization to substitute generics in place of NB32 and Empatic,
which could significantly diminish their market potential and significantly impact our ability and our collaborative partner s ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and generate revenues. 
 In addition, although we believe the current market prices for the generic forms of naltrexone and zonisamide make
generic substitution by physicians, pharmacists or pharmacy benefit managers unlikely, should 
 51 

Table of Contents 

the prices of the generic forms decline, the motivation for generic substitution may become stronger. Wide scale generic substitution by physicians and at the pharmacy level could have
substantial negative consequences to our business. We have limited sales and marketing experience and resources, and if
we do not enter into additional collaboration or co-promotion arrangements, we may not be able to effectively market and sell NB32 outside the United States, Canada or Mexico or Empatic, if approved, and our ability to generate revenues may be
delayed or limited. We are developing our obesity product candidates for large markets traditionally
served by general and family practitioners and internists. Generalist physicians number in the several hundred thousand in the United States. Traditional pharmaceutical companies employ groups of sales representatives numbering in the thousands to
call on this large generalist physician population. In order to effectively promote to these physician groups, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Takeda in September 2010 to develop and commercialize NB32 in the United States, Canada and
Mexico. In order to expand the market opportunity outside of these countries for NB32 and to address the commercialization of Empatic, if approved, we must either establish additional sales and marketing collaborations or co-promotion arrangements
or expend significant resources to develop our own sales and marketing presence. We currently possess limited resources and may not be successful in developing our own sales and marketing presence. We may not be able to enter into additional
collaboration or co-promotion arrangements on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to enter into additional collaboration or co-promotion arrangements for NB32 outside the United States, Canada and Mexico or for Empatic, and we must develop
our own sales and marketing presence to address the large market of general and family practitioners and internists in these areas, we will require additional capital and our ability to market and sell our product candidates and generate revenues
from our product candidates may be delayed or limited. We also face competition in our search for collaborators, co-promoters and sales force personnel. If our competitors are able to establish collaboration or co-promotion arrangements with
pharmaceutical companies who have substantially greater resources than we have, our ability to successfully commercialize NB32 outside the United States, Canada and Mexico and/or Empatic will be limited and as a result our competitors may be more
successful in marketing and selling their products in these areas. Even if we do enter into additional collaboration or co-promotion arrangements with third parties, we will be reliant on such third parties to successfully develop and/or
commercialize our product candidates in these areas. These third parties may fail to develop or effectively commercialize our product candidates because they cannot obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, decide to pursue a competitive potential
product that may be developed outside of the collaboration or fail to devote the resources necessary to realize the full commercial potential of our product candidates, especially in light of the resources being devoted by our competitors 
collaboration and co-promotion partners. Any such failures would negatively affect our ability to generate revenues from sales of NB32 outside the United States, Canada and Mexico or from sales of Empatic. 
 Our development and commercialization strategy depends upon access to findings of safety and effectiveness based on data not
developed by us but which the FDA may reference in reviewing our U.S. marketing applications. In territories outside the United States, we must either negotiate access to these safety and effectiveness findings or develop them ourselves.
 The Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, also known as the Hatch-Waxman
Act, added Section 505(b)(2) to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. Section 505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or for the applicant
and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. This statutory provision expressly allows the FDA to rely, for purposes of approving an NDA, on findings of safety and effectiveness based on data not developed by the filer of the
NDA. Under these guidelines, we were able to move directly into Phase II clinical trials for each of our drug combinations, because our NDA for NB32 would rely, and our planned NDA for Empatic, will rely, in part, upon the FDA s findings of
safety and effectiveness for the previously-approved products that are incorporated into NB32 and Empatic. Similar legislation for active 
 52 

Table of Contents 

substances with well-established medicinal use exists in the European Union under article 10a of European Directive 2001/83/EC, which allows for reference to scientific literature if active
substances have been approved for at least ten years with recognized efficacy and an acceptable level of safety. There also are alleviations under article 10b of European Directive 2001/83/EC of the obligation to provide scientific references
relating to individual active substances in combination products if such individual active substances have been previously authorized in the European Union, although not the obligation to provide results of new pre-clinical tests or new clinical
trials relating to such combination products, which could provide an alternative pathway in Europe. In territories where data are not freely available, we may not have the ability to commercialize our products without negotiating rights from third
parties to refer to their clinical data in our regulatory applications, which could require the expenditure of significant additional funds to generate our own data. We may be unable to obtain rights to the necessary clinical data and may be
required to develop our own proprietary safety and manufacturing dossiers. In addition, even though we can take advantage of Section 505(b)(2) to support potential U.S. approval for NB32 and Empatic, the FDA may also require us to perform
additional studies or measurements to support changes from the previously-approved products incorporated into our product candidates. To the extent that a Section 505(b)(2) application relies on the FDA s finding of safety and effectiveness of a previously-approved drug, the applicant is required to make certifications to the
FDA with respect to any patents listed for the approved product in the FDA s publication called Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, otherwise known as the Orange Book. Specifically, the
applicant must certify when the application is submitted that: (1) there is no relevant patent information listed; (2) the listed patent has expired; (3) the listed patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and
approval is sought after patent expiration; or (4) the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the manufacture, use, or sale of the new product. A certification that the new product will not infringe the already approved
product s Orange Book listed patents or that such patents are invalid is called a paragraph IV certification. If the 505(b)(2) applicant has provided a paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must also send notice of the paragraph
IV certification to the NDA holder and patent owner. We have made paragraph IV certifications that NB32 does not infringe the bupropion SR formulation patents listed in the Orange Book, and have sent the appropriate notice to the patent holder and
NDA holder. We will be required to make similar certifications if and when we file an NDA for Empatic. In the event that the patent holder or NDA holder files a patent infringement lawsuit against us within 45 days of its receipt of our paragraph IV
certification, such lawsuit would automatically prevent the FDA from approving our Section 505(b)(2) NDA until the earliest of 30 months, expiration of the applicable patent (2013 in the case of bupropion SR), settlement of the lawsuit or a
decision in the infringement case that is favorable to us. Any such patent infringement lawsuit could be costly, take a substantial amount of time to resolve and divert management resources. This 45-day period with respect to our certifications
related to bupropion SR in NB32 has elapsed and no such lawsuit was filed against us. If we obtain FDA approval for either NB32 or Empatic, we could obtain three years of Hatch-Waxman marketing exclusivity for such product, since we have conducted a
substantial clinical program that is essential to approval of our NDA. Under this form of exclusivity, the FDA would be precluded from approving a 505(b)(2) NDA or ANDA for the same drug product for the protected indication (for example, a product
that incorporates the change or innovation represented by our product) for a period of three years, although the FDA may accept and commence review of such applications. However, this form of exclusivity might not prevent the FDA from approving a
505(b)(1) NDA that relies on its own clinical data. Further, if another company obtains approval for an identical product candidate for the same indication we are studying before we do, our approval could be blocked until the other company s
Hatch-Waxman marketing exclusivity expires. Even if our product candidates receive regulatory approval in the United
States, we may never receive approval or commercialize our products outside of the United States. In
order to market any products outside of the United States, we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries regarding safety, efficacy and manufacturing. Approval procedures vary among countries and
can involve additional product testing and additional administrative review 
 53 

Table of Contents 

periods. The time required to obtain approval in other countries might differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process in other countries may include all of the
risks detailed above regarding FDA approval in the United States as well as other risks. Regulatory approval in one country does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may
have a negative effect on the regulatory process in others. For example, although Vivus obtained FDA approval for its combination product, phentermine/topiramate, in October 2012, the European Medicines Agency s, or EMA s, Committee for
Medicinal Products for Human Use, or CHMP, adopted an opinion recommending against the approval of the marketing authorization application for such product due to concerns about its long-term effects on the heart and blood vessels, particularly due
to the effects of the phentermine component, its long-term psychiatric effects (depression and anxiety were reported in the studies) and cognitive effects (such as problems with memory and attention) related to the topiramate component, as well as
known risks with topiramate being potentially harmful to the unborn baby if taken by pregnant women. The CHMP also noted that there was a high probability that, if approved, Vivus product would not be used strictly for the intended patients.
Vivus requested a re-examination of the CHMP s opinion. After considering the grounds for this request, the CHMP re-examined the initial opinion, and confirmed the refusal of the marketing authorization in February 2013. Further, according to
Vivus, the CHMP indicated that a pre-approval CVOT would be necessary to establish the long-term safety of its product. Additionally, although Arena obtained FDA approval for its product, lorcaserin, in May 2013, Arena announced that it has notified
the EMA that it is withdrawing its marketing authorization application for lorcaserin in the European Union due to the CHMP s view that certain major objections remain outstanding that preclude a recommendation for approval of such marketing
authorization application and Arena s belief that it cannot resolve the major objections related to the results of non-clinical studies prior to the time the CHMP would issue its final opinion. We may face similar negative recommendations with
respect to any regulatory filings we submit for our product candidates in the European Union and other geographies. In October 2013, we submitted a community marketing authorization, or Community MA, application for NB32 to the EMA, utilizing the EMA s centralized procedure, seeking approval of NB32 in the
European Economic Area, or EEA, (which is comprised of the 28 Member States of the European Union plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein) for the management of obesity, including weight loss and maintenance of weight loss, in conjunction with
lifestyle modification. As part of this process, we have established the required pediatric investigation plan, or PIP, which has been agreed to by the EMA s Pediatric Committee. The centralized procedure allows for the simultaneous
approval of a product in all the Member States of the EEA. A Community MA application is reviewed by the CHMP. After submission and validation of the Community MA application, the CHMP generally has 210 days to complete its assessment and adopt an
opinion on whether or not to recommend the granting of the Community MA. The 210 days period does not include the anticipated clock stops at specified points in the procedure, typically at day 120 (Consolidated List of Questions) and at
day 180 (List of Outstanding Issues). The clock stops allow time for us to address the outstanding questions or issues raised by the CHMP. While we believe that the results from the interim analysis from the Light Study will be sufficient to respond
to the day 120 Consolidated List of Questions, we may not have sufficient data to respond or the EMA may ask for additional or different data in connection with its review of the Community MA which could result in additional delays in its potential
approval. After day 180, depending on the List of Outstanding Issues, an oral hearing with the CHMP may be required to address specific issues. Assuming a positive opinion from the CHMP, the European Commission has to adopt a decision granting the
Community MA, based on the CHMP opinion. The European Commission must adopt this decision within 67 days after receipt of the CHMP opinion, not counting clock stops as noted above. 
 In February 2014, we received from the EMA s CHMP the Day 120 Consolidated List of Questions regarding our NB32
Community MA. The CHMP s questions are consistent with the issues raised by the FDA during the course of NB32 development and the initial review of the NDA, such as manufacturing and quality, non-clinical studies, dosing regimen, and, most
significantly, cardiovascular safety. We can provide no assurance that the Community MA will be approved on
this timeframe, or at all. Failure to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates in other countries or any delay or setback in obtaining 
 54 

Table of Contents 

such approval could have the same adverse effects detailed above regarding FDA approval in the United States. As described above, such effects include the risks that our product candidates may
not be approved for all indications requested, which could limit the uses of our product candidates and have an adverse effect on their commercial potential or require costly, post-marketing follow-up studies. 
 We face potential product liability exposure, and, if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability.
 The use of our product candidates in clinical trials, including the Light Study, and the sale of any
products for which we obtain marketing approval expose us to the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims might be brought against us by consumers, health-care providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling or otherwise
coming into contact with our products. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we could incur substantial liabilities. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in:

decreased demand for our product candidates; 

impairment of our business reputation; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

costs of related litigation; 

distraction of management s attention from our primary business; 

substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants; 

loss of revenues; and 

the inability to commercialize our product candidates. 
 We have in the past obtained product liability insurance coverage for our clinical trials and we have obtained product
liability insurance coverage for the Light Study. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to reimburse us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive, and, in the future, we may not
be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. If and when we obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we intend to expand our insurance
coverage to include the sale of commercial products; however, we may be unable to obtain this product liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms. On occasion, large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs that
had unanticipated side effects. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could cause our stock price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could decrease our cash and adversely affect our
business. If any of our product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval does not achieve broad market
acceptance, the revenues, including any milestone or royalty payments we may be eligible to receive under our collaboration agreement with Takeda, that we generate from their sales will be limited. 
 The commercial success of our product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval from the FDA or other regulatory
authorities will depend upon the acceptance of these products by both the medical community and patient population. Coverage and reimbursement of our product candidates by third-party payors, including government payors, generally is also necessary
for optimal commercial success. The degree of market acceptance of any of our approved products will depend on a number of factors, including: 

our ability to provide acceptable evidence of safety and efficacy; 

the timing of market introduction of our products as well as competitive products; 
 55 

Table of Contents 

the relative convenience and ease of administration; 

the prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects; 

limitations or warnings contained in a product s FDA-approved labeling, including, for example, potential black box warnings or
pregnancy precautions associated with the APIs in NB32 and/or Empatic; 

availability of alternative treatments and the potential or perceived advantages or disadvantages of such treatments, including, in the case of NB32
and/or Empatic, a number of competitive products already approved for the treatment of weight loss or expected to be commercially launched in the near future; 

pricing and cost effectiveness; 

our REMS; 

the effectiveness of our, or our current or any future collaborators sales and marketing strategies; 

our and our current or any future collaborative partner s ability to obtain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement; and

the willingness of patients to pay out of pocket in the absence of third-party coverage. 
 If our product candidates are approved but do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, health care
payors and patients, we may not generate sufficient revenue from these products, and we may not become or remain profitable. In addition, our and our current and any future collaborative partner s efforts to educate the medical community and
third-party payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources and may never be successful. 
 We and our current and any future collaborative partner are subject to uncertainty relating to reimbursement policies which, if not
favorable to our product candidates, could hinder or prevent our product candidates commercial success. Our ability and our current and any future collaborative partner s ability to commercialize our product candidates successfully will depend in part on the extent to which governmental authorities,
private health insurers and other third-party payors establish appropriate coverage and reimbursement levels for our product candidates and related treatments. As a threshold for coverage and reimbursement, third-party payors generally require that
drug products have been approved for marketing by the FDA. Third-party payors also are increasingly challenging the effectiveness of and prices charged for medical products and services. We cannot provide any assurances that we or such collaborative
partner will be able to obtain third-party coverage or reimbursement for our product candidates in whole or in part. The obesity therapy market, in particular, continues to be marked by limited coverage and reimbursement from health insurers and other payors, who have historically viewed obesity as a lifestyle issue.
For example, state Medicaid programs, administered by individual states for qualifying low-income individuals, are permitted to exclude coverage for weight loss drugs. In addition, weight loss drugs are excluded from coverage under the Medicare Part
D prescription drug program for eligible seniors and disabled individuals. Medicare is a federal governmental third-party payor whose policies often are emulated or adopted by other payors. Although the Centers for Medicare Medicaid
Services, or CMS, which administers the Medicare program, has removed longstanding policy language that obesity itself cannot be considered an illness, the agency interprets the Part D exclusion of weight loss drugs as applying to novel obesity
therapies. However, CMS has since issued a national policy covering bariatric surgery for co-morbid conditions associated with obesity, and in the fourth quarter of 2011 announced that the Medicare program was adding new benefit coverage for
prevention with the objective of treating obesity. The benefit provides for screening for obesity and counseling for eligible beneficiaries by primary care providers in physician s offices. Although third-party payor attitudes regarding
obesity-related products and services appear to be changing, as exemplified by Medicare changes, we may continue to face a poor coverage and reimbursement environment. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Currently, our competitors drug products have limited third-party
payor coverage. This means that individuals prescribed such drug products often either have significant out-of-pocket costs or pay for the products entirely by themselves. If our product candidates do not receive adequate coverage or reimbursement,
the market acceptance and commercial success of our products may be limited. Healthcare reform measures could hinder or
prevent our product candidates commercial success. Among policy makers and payors in the United
States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems to contain healthcare costs and improve quality. While reform proposals often involve expanding coverage to more individuals, healthcare reform may also
involve increased government price controls, additional regulatory mandates and other measures designed to lower medical and pharmaceutical costs. Within the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of both the U.S.
Congress, as well as state governments. In March 2010, the President signed into law one of the most
significant health reform measures in decades. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act, or collectively the PPACA, substantially changes the way healthcare is
financed by both governmental and private insurers, including several payment reforms that establish payments to hospitals and physicians based in part on quality measures, subjects biologic products to potential competition by lower-cost
 biosimilars, and significantly impacts the pharmaceutical and medical device industries. The PPACA includes, among other things, the following measures: 

annual, non-deductible fees on any entity that manufactures or imports certain prescription branded drugs and biologics;

increased Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program for both branded and generic drugs and expanded rebates owed
by manufacturers to include rebates on Medicaid managed care utilization; 

a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in and conduct comparative clinical research;

new requirements for manufacturers to discount drug prices to eligible patients in the coverage gap by 50 at the pharmacy level and for mail order
services in order for their outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; 

an increase in the number of entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program; and

establishes a licensure framework for follow-on biologic products. 
 The PPACA provisions on comparative clinical effectiveness research extend the initiatives of the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act of 2009, also known as the stimulus package, which included 1.1 billion in funding to study the comparative effectiveness of healthcare treatments and strategies. This stimulus funding was designated for, among other things,
conducting, supporting or synthesizing research that compares and evaluates the risks and benefits, clinical outcomes, effectiveness and appropriateness of products. The PPACA also appropriates additional funding to comparative clinical
effectiveness research. Although Congress has indicated that this funding is intended to improve the quality of healthcare, it remains unclear how the research will impact current Medicare coverage and reimbursement or how new information will
influence other third-party payor policies. In addition, the PPACA provides for a prevention and health
promotion outreach and education campaign to raise public awareness of health improvement, including obesity reduction and obesity-related services that are available to Medicaid enrollees. The PPACA also provides funding for projects designed to
reduce childhood obesity. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 In the European Union and some other international markets, the government
provides health care at low cost to consumers and regulates pharmaceutical prices, patient eligibility or reimbursement levels to control costs for the government-sponsored health care system. Many countries have announced or implemented measures to
reduce health care costs to constrain their overall level of government expenditures. These measures vary by country and may include, among other things, patient access restrictions, suspensions on price increases, prospective and possibly
retroactive price reductions and other recoupments and increased mandatory discounts or rebates, recoveries of past price increases, and greater importation of drugs from lower-cost countries to higher-cost countries. If our products are approved in
these markets, these measures may negatively impact our revenues. In addition, certain countries set prices by reference to the prices in other countries where approved products are marketed. Thus, our inability to secure adequate prices for our
products, if approved, in a particular country may not only limit the marketing of these products within that country, but may also adversely affect our ability to obtain acceptable prices in other markets. This may create the opportunity for third
party cross border trade or influence our decision to sell or not to sell a product, if approved, thus adversely affecting our revenues. We cannot predict what effect the PPACA or other healthcare reform or cost control initiatives that may be adopted in the future will have on our business. The continuing efforts of the government,
insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of health care services to contain or reduce costs of health care may adversely affect: 

our and our current and any future collaborative partner s ability to set a price we believe is fair for our product candidates, if approved;

our or any of our current or any future collaborative partner s ability to generate revenues and achieve or maintain profitability; and

the availability of capital. Our failure to successfully acquire, develop and market additional product candidates or approved products would impair our ability to grow. 
 As part of our corporate strategy, we may acquire, in-license, develop and/or market additional products and product
candidates. Because our internal research capabilities are limited, we may be dependent upon pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic scientists and other researchers to sell or license products or technology to us. The success of this
strategy depends partly upon our ability to identify, select and acquire promising pharmaceutical product candidates and products. The process of proposing, negotiating and implementing a license or acquisition of a product candidate or approved product is lengthy and complex. Other companies, including some with substantially
greater financial, marketing and sales resources, may compete with us for the license or acquisition of product candidates and approved products. We have limited resources to identify and execute the acquisition or in-licensing of third-party
products, businesses and technologies and integrate them into our current infrastructure. Moreover, we may devote resources to potential acquisitions or in-licensing opportunities that are never completed, or we may fail to realize the anticipated
benefits of such efforts. We may not be able to acquire the rights to additional product candidates on terms that we find acceptable, or at all. In addition, future acquisitions may entail numerous operational and financial risks, including: 

exposure to unknown liabilities; 

disruption of our business and diversion of our management s time and attention to develop acquired products or technologies;

incurrence of substantial debt or dilutive issuances of securities to pay for acquisitions; 

higher than expected acquisition and integration costs; 
 58 

Table of Contents 

increased amortization expenses; 

difficulty and cost in combining the operations and personnel of any acquired businesses with our operations and personnel;

impairment of relationships with key suppliers or customers of any acquired businesses due to changes in management and ownership; and

inability to retain key employees of any acquired businesses. 
 Further, any product candidate that we acquire may require additional development efforts prior to commercial sale,
including extensive clinical testing and approval by the FDA and applicable foreign regulatory authorities. All product candidates are prone to risks of failure typical of pharmaceutical product development, including the possibility that a product
candidate will not be shown to be sufficiently safe and effective for approval by regulatory authorities. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that any products that we develop or approved products that we may acquire will be commercialized
profitably or achieve market acceptance. We may not be able to manage our business effectively if we are unable to
attract and retain key personnel. We may not be able to attract or retain qualified management and
scientific and clinical personnel in the future due to the intense competition for qualified personnel among biotechnology, pharmaceutical and other businesses, particularly in the San Diego, California area. Our retention efforts may be
particularly challenging in light of our historical regulatory interactions with our NB32 NDA and our workforce reductions completed in February and June 2011. Our industry has experienced a high rate of turnover of management personnel in recent
years. If we are not able to attract, retain and motivate necessary personnel to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience constraints that will significantly impede the successful development and commercialization of our product
candidates, our ability to raise additional capital and our ability to implement our overall business strategy. 
 We are highly dependent on the development, regulatory, commercial and financial expertise of our senior management,
particularly Michael A. Narachi, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Although we have employment agreements with each of our executive officers, these agreements are terminable at will at any time with or without notice and, therefore, we may
not be able to retain their services as expected. If we lose any members of our senior management team, including Mr. Narachi, we may not be able to find suitable replacements, and our business may be harmed as a result. We are not aware of any
key personnel who has plans to retire or leave our company in the near future. In addition to the competition for personnel, the San Diego area in particular is characterized by a high cost of living. As such, we could have difficulty attracting
experienced personnel to our company and may be required to expend significant financial resources in our employee recruitment and retention efforts. In addition, we have scientific and clinical advisors who assist us in formulating our product development and clinical and regulatory strategies. These advisors are not our employees and may have
commitments to, or consulting or advisory contracts with, other entities that may limit their availability to us, or may have arrangements with other companies to assist in the development of products that may compete with ours. 
 We will need to obtain approval of our proposed product names, and any failure or delay associated with such approval may adversely
impact our business. Any name we intend to use for our product candidates will require approval from
the FDA, regardless of whether we have secured a formal trademark registration from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or PTO, as well as comparable regulatory authorities. The FDA and comparable regulatory authorities typically conduct a
rigorous review of proposed product names, including an evaluation of potential for confusion with other product names. The FDA and comparable regulatory authorities may also object to a product name if they believe the
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

name inappropriately implies medical claims. If the FDA or comparable regulatory authorities object to our proposed product names, we may be required to adopt an alternative name for our initial
product candidates. If we adopt an alternative name, we would lose the benefit of our existing trademark applications for CONTRAVE or Empatic and may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable product
name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA and comparable regulatory authorities. We and our current and any future collaborative partner may be unable to
build a successful brand identity for a new trademark in a timely manner or at all, which would limit our and such collaborative partner s ability to commercialize our product candidates. 
 If we fail to comply with healthcare regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial
condition could be adversely affected. As a manufacturer of pharmaceuticals, even though we do not and
will not control referrals of healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payors, certain federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse and patients rights are and will be
applicable to our business. We could be subject to healthcare fraud and abuse and patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business, without limitation. The laws that may affect our ability to
operate include: 

the federal healthcare program Anti-Kickback Statute (as amended by the PPACA, which modified the intent requirement of the Anti-Kickback Statute so
that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it), which prohibits, among other things, persons from soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce
either the referral of an individual, for an item or service or the purchasing or ordering of a good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs;

federal false claims laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims
for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent, and which may apply to entities like us which promote pharmaceutical products and provide coding and billing advice to customers, and under the PPACA, the
government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal false claims laws; 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which prohibits executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare
benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters and which also imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; 

the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, which among other things, strictly regulates drug product marketing, prohibits manufacturers from
marketing drug products for off-label use and regulates the distribution of drug samples; and 

state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed
by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA,
thus complicating compliance efforts. Additionally, the compliance environment is changing,
with more states, such as California and Massachusetts, mandating implementation of compliance programs, compliance with industry ethics codes, and spending limits, and other states, such as Vermont and Minnesota requiring reporting to state
governments of gifts, compensation, and other remuneration to physicians. The PPACA also imposes new reporting and 
 60 

Table of Contents 

disclosure requirements on device and drug manufacturers for any transfer of value made or distributed to prescribers and other healthcare providers. Such information will be made
publicly available in a searchable format. In addition, device and drug manufacturers will also be required to report and disclose any investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members during the preceding calendar year.
Manufacturers were required to begin collecting requisite information on August 1, 2013, with the first reports due June 30, 2014. Failure to submit requisite information may result in civil monetary penalties of up to an aggregate of
 150,000 per year (and up to an aggregate of 1 million per year for knowing failures ), for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests not reported in an annual submission. Finally, under the PPACA, effective
April 1, 2012, pharmaceutical manufacturers and distributors must provide the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services with an annual report on the drug samples they provide to physicians. The shifting regulatory environment, along with the
requirement to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance and/or reporting requirements, increases the possibility that a pharmaceutical company may run afoul of one or more laws. 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations
that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could
adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Although compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, the risks cannot be entirely eliminated. Any action
against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. Moreover, achieving and sustaining
compliance with applicable federal and state privacy, security and fraud laws may prove costly. Our business involves
the use of hazardous materials and we and our third-party manufacturers must comply with environmental laws and regulations, which can be expensive and restrict how we do business. 
 Our third-party manufacturers activities involve the controlled storage, use and disposal of hazardous materials
owned by us, including the components of our product candidates and other hazardous compounds. We and our manufacturers are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of
these hazardous materials. Although we believe that the safety procedures utilized by our third-party manufacturers for handling and disposing of these materials comply with the standards prescribed by these laws and regulations, we cannot eliminate
the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of an accident, state or federal authorities may curtail the use of these materials and interrupt our business operations. We do not currently maintain hazardous
materials insurance coverage. If we are subject to any liability as a result of our third-party manufacturers activities involving hazardous materials, our business and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 Our business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures. 
 Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our CROs and other contractors
and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. While we have not experienced any such system failure, accident or security breach
to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our drug development programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or ongoing clinical trials for
NB32 or Empatic, including the Light Study, could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a
loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development of our product candidates could be delayed. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 Our market opportunity for NB32 and Empatic may be limited by the relatively small number of issued U.S. patents and foreign
patents that we own or in-license. In addition, although we have additional U.S. and international patent applications pending which seek further protection of our product candidates, these applications may not issue on a timely basis or at all.
 NB32 is currently protected by U.S. patent number 7,375,111, which we refer to as the Weber/Cowley
composition patent, and U.S. patent number 7,462,626, which we refer to as the Weber/Cowley methods patent. Provided maintenance fees are paid, the Weber/Cowley composition patent is expected to expire in March 2025, and the Weber/Cowley methods
patent is expected to expire in July 2024. Collectively, we refer to the Weber/Cowley composition patent and the Weber/Cowley methods patent as the Weber/Cowley patents. We own the Weber/Cowley patents, but they are subject to our license agreement
with Oregon Health Science University, or OHSU, and our license agreement with Duke University, or Duke. The Weber/Cowley patents cover the current composition of NB32 and methods of administering it to treat obesity. We and/or our
licensors have filed a number of international counterparts to the Weber/Cowley patents in foreign countries. A European counterpart application to the Weber/Cowley patent has issued in the European Patent Office, or EPO, and provides
protection for NB32 in the various EPO countries in which the patent has been registered. Several international counterparts to the Weber/Cowley patents have also issued in other foreign jurisdictions. However, we cannot provide assurance
that other pending international counterparts will issue on a timely basis or at all. There is also no assurance that the currently pending claims in those foreign countries will not be rejected, that any such rejections and any future rejections
will ultimately be overcome, nor that any claims that may issue will be sufficiently broad to protect NB32 in those foreign countries. Furthermore, we cannot be certain that the scope of any issued foreign patent will be consistent with the
currently pending claims, as there is a significant likelihood that the scope of the currently pending claims will be modified. If a competitor is willing to challenge the scope or validity of the Weber/Cowley patents, the competitor could file
an NDA seeking approval any time before we obtain approval from the FDA of an NDA for NB32 and three years after we obtain such approval. We have also filed patent applications, directed to various treatment and formulation aspects of NB32, in the United States and certain foreign countries under the Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT. Use
of our proprietary tri-layer NB32 tablet for weight loss is protected in the United States by U.S. patent numbers 8,088,786 and 8,318,788, which are expected to expire in February 2029 and November 2027, respectively. The PCT is an international
treaty providing a unified procedure under which the initial filing of a single patent application can provide an effective filing date in each participating country in which appropriate steps are subsequently taken. Such steps have been taken in
various foreign countries, including Europe and Japan, with respect to a number of our PCT filings. Thus, we now have patent applications pending in those foreign countries, along with our previous filings in the United States and certain non-PCT
countries. These filings seek to provide further protection for NB32 in the United States and overseas; however, we cannot provide assurance that the claims in the other patent applications will issue in their current form or at all. 
 Our intellectual property protection for Empatic derives from U.S. patent number 7,109,198, which was issued in September
2006 and which we refer to as the Gadde patent, and from U.S. patent number 7,425,571, which was issued in September 2008. We have in-licensed these patents on an exclusive basis from Duke together with several related patent applications. The Gadde
patent provides composition coverage for the Empatic zonisamide/bupropion combination and also covers methods for using Empatic to treat obesity and to reduce the risk of hypertension, diabetes or dyslipidemia. Provided maintenance fees are paid,
the Gadde patent is also expected to expire in 2023. U.S. patent number 7,425,571 covers methods of using zonisamide (including combinations with bupropion) to cause weight loss. Provided maintenance fees are paid, this patent is expected to expire
in 2023. U.S. patent number 7,754,748, which issued in July 2010, protects the use of zonisamide SR for reducing weight in overweight and obese subjects, and is expected to expire in 2023, provided maintenance fees are paid. In addition, Duke has
filed international counterparts to the Gadde patent that have issued in several countries and are currently pending in others; however, there is no assurance that the claims in these applications
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

will issue in their currently pending form or at all. We have also filed patent applications in the United States, under the PCT and in certain foreign countries with the goal of protecting the
formulations and use of zonisamide SR, an ingredient in Empatic. The PCT filing has matured into patent applications in Europe and Japan. The European application has issued, and provides protection for zonisamide SR in the various EPO countries in
which the patent has been registered. Thus we now have patent applications pending in the United States, Japan and certain other foreign countries. However, we cannot provide assurance that the claims in these patent applications will issue in their
currently pending form or at all. Use of our proprietary tri-layer Empatic tablet for weight loss is protected in the United States by U.S. patent number 8,318,788, which is expected to expire in November 2027. 
 We may face additional competition outside of the United States as a result of a lack of patent enforcement in foreign countries
and off-label use of other dosage forms of the generic components in our product candidates. While we
have filed patent applications in many countries outside the United States, and have obtained some patent coverage for certain of our product candidates in certain foreign countries, we do not currently have widespread patent protection for NB32 and
Empatic outside the United States and have no protection in many foreign jurisdictions. Even if international patent applications ultimately issue or receive approval, it is likely that the scope of protection provided by such patents will be
different from, and possibly less than, the scope provided by our corresponding U.S. patents. The success of our international market opportunity is dependent upon the enforcement of patent rights in various other countries. A number of countries in
which we have filed or intend to file patent applications have a history of weak enforcement and/or compulsory licensing of intellectual property rights. Even if we have patents issued in these jurisdictions, there can be no assurance that our
patent rights will be sufficient to prevent generic competition or unauthorized use. We and our current and any future collaborative partner may face competition from the off-label use of other dosage forms of the generic components in our product
candidates. In addition, others may attempt to commercialize our product candidate combinations in the countries of the European Union, Canada, Mexico, Japan or other markets, in some of which, we do not have patent protection for our product
candidates. Due to the lack of patent protection for these combinations in some territories outside the United States and the potential for correspondingly lower prices for the drugs in those markets, it is possible that patients will seek to
acquire the generic IR components of our product candidates (naltrexone IR and zonisamide IR), in those other territories. The off-label use of the generic IR components in the United States or the importation of the generic IR components from
foreign markets could adversely affect the commercial potential for our product candidates and adversely affect our overall business and financial results. We have in-licensed all or a portion of the rights to our product candidates from third parties. If we default on any of our material obligations under those licenses, we could lose rights to our
product candidates. We have in-licensed and otherwise contracted for rights to our product candidates,
and we may enter into similar licenses in the future to supplement our product candidate pipeline. Under the relevant agreements, we are subject to commercialization, development, sublicensing, royalty, insurance and other obligations. If we or our
current or any future collaborative partner fail to comply with any of these requirements, or otherwise breach these license agreements, the licensor may have the right to terminate the license in whole or to terminate the exclusive nature of the
license. Loss of any of these licenses or the exclusive rights provided therein could harm our financial condition and operating results. Restrictions on our patent rights relating to our product candidates may limit our and our current and any future collaborative partner s ability to prevent third parties from competing against
us. Our success will depend on our and our current and any future collaborative partner s ability
to obtain and maintain patent protection for our product candidates, preserve our trade secrets, prevent third parties from infringing upon our proprietary rights and operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others.
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Composition of matter patents on APIs are generally considered to be the strongest form of intellectual property protection for pharmaceutical products as they apply without regard to any method
of use. Entirely new individual chemical compounds, often referred to as new chemical entities, are typically entitled to composition of matter coverage. Current law also allows novel and unobvious combinations of old compounds to receive
composition of matter coverage for the combination. However, we cannot be certain that the current law will remain the same, or that our product candidates will be considered novel and unobvious by the PTO and courts. 
 In addition to composition of matter patents and patent applications, we also have issued and filed method of use patents
and patent applications. This type of patent protects the use of the product only for the specified method. However, this type of patent does not prevent a competitor from making and marketing a product that is identical to our product for an
indication that is outside the scope of the patented method. Moreover, even if these competitors do not actively promote their product for our targeted indication, physicians may prescribe these products off-label. Although off-label
prescriptions may infringe or contribute to the infringement of method of use patents, the practice is common and such infringement is difficult to prevent or prosecute. 
 Although we believe we and our licensors have conducted appropriate prior art searches relating to our key patents and
patent applications, there is no assurance that all of the potentially relevant prior art has been found. Moreover, because the constituents of our combination product candidates have been on the market as separate monotherapeutic products for many
years, it is possible that these monotherapies have previously been used off-label in such a manner that such prior usage would affect the validity of our method of use patents. 
 Patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time until they are
published, and publication of discoveries in scientific or patent literature typically lags actual discoveries by several months or more. As a result, we cannot be certain that we and the inventors of the issued patents and applications that we
in-licensed were the first to conceive inventions covered by the patents and pending patent applications or that we and those inventors were the first to file patent applications for such inventions. 
 We and our current and any future collaborative partner also rely upon unpatented trade secrets, unpatented know-how and
continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position, which we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees and our collaborators and consultants, some of whom assist with the development
of other obesity drugs. We and our collaborative partner also have agreements with our employees and selected consultants that obligate them to assign their inventions to us. It is possible that technology relevant to our business will be
independently developed by a person that is not a party to such an agreement. Furthermore, if the employees and consultants that are parties to these agreements breach or violate the terms of these agreements, we may not have adequate remedies for
any such breach or violation, and we could lose our trade secrets through such breaches or violations. Further, our trade secrets could otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors. 
 If we or our current or any future collaborative partner are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, it
will be costly and time consuming, and an unfavorable outcome in that litigation would have a material adverse effect on our business. Our commercial success depends upon our and our current and any future collaborative partner s ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary
technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we and our collaborative partner are
developing products. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates and/or proprietary technologies may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights
of others. There may be issued patents of third parties of which we are currently unaware that may be infringed by our product candidates or proprietary technologies. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently
pending applications, unknown to us or our collaborative partner, which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates or proprietary technologies may infringe. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 We may be exposed to, or threatened with, future litigation by third parties
having patent or other intellectual property rights alleging that our product candidates and/or proprietary technologies infringe their intellectual property rights. If one of these patents is found to cover our product candidates, proprietary
technologies or their uses, we or our current or any future collaborative partner could be enjoined by a court and required to pay damages and could be unable to commercialize our product candidates or use our proprietary technologies unless we or
they obtained a license to the patent. A license may not be available to us or our current or any future collaborative partner on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, during litigation, the patent holder could obtain a preliminary injunction or
other equitable relief which could prohibit us or our current or any future collaborative partner from making, using or selling our products, technologies or methods pending a trial on the merits, which could be years away. 
 There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology
and pharmaceutical industries generally. If a third party claims that we or our collaborative partner infringe its intellectual property rights, we may face a number of issues, including, but not limited to: 

infringement and other intellectual property claims which, regardless of merit, may be expensive and time-consuming to litigate and may divert our
management s attention from our core business; 

substantial damages for infringement, which we may have to pay if a court decides that the product at issue infringes on or violates the third
party s rights, and if the court finds that the infringement was willful, we could be ordered to pay treble damages and the patent owner s attorneys fees; 

a court prohibiting us from selling or licensing the product unless the third party licenses its product rights to us, which it is not required to
do; 

if a license is available from a third party, we may have to pay substantial royalties and fees and/or grant cross-licenses to intellectual property
rights for our products; and 

redesigning our products or processes so they do not infringe, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time.
 We will be obtaining our bupropion SR, zonisamide SR, naltrexone SR, our finished NB32 and
Empatic tablets combining these components, and the packaging for these tablets from third-party manufacturers. Each aspect of product design, formulation, manufacturing, packaging, and use has the potential to implicate third-party patent rights.
We have taken various measures to reduce the potential for infringement. However, we could be exposed to potential patent infringement liability from other third parties who hold patents on various formulations of bupropion and naltrexone.
 No assurance can be given that patents do not exist, have not been filed, or could not be filed or issued,
which contain claims covering these or other aspects of our products, technology or methods, as implemented by us or by third-party manufacturers with whom we contract. Because of the large number of patents issued and patent applications filed in
our field, we believe there is a risk that third parties may allege they have patent rights encompassing our products, technology or methods. Such third-party patent rights, if relevant, could prevent us or our current or any future collaborative
partner from adopting or marketing a particular formulation or product, or could expose us to patent infringement liability. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and
other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees on the Gadde patents covering Empatic and the Weber/Cowley patents covering NB32, as well as our
other issued patents, are due to be paid to the PTO in several stages over the lifetimes of the patents. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and we employ an outside firm, Computer Patent Annuities, to pay annuity fees due to
foreign patent agencies on our issued and pending foreign patent 
 65 

Table of Contents 

applications. The PTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent
application process. We employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply, and in many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are
situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter
the market and this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business. We have not yet registered our
trademarks in all of our potential markets, and failure to secure those registrations could adversely affect our business. We have received U.S. trademark registration number 3396021 for our corporate logo for use in connection with pharmaceutical preparations and substances for the treatment of obesity, inducement of weight
loss and prevention of weight gain. We have obtained trademark registrations in Canada, the European Union, and Japan for the same mark. In addition, we have received U.S. trademark registration number 3396807 for our corporate name OREXIGEN for use
in connection with pharmaceutical preparations for the treatment of disorders of the central nervous system, or CNS, printed instructional, educational and teaching materials in the field of treatment and management of disorders of the CNS, and
providing medical information in the field of disorders of the CNS. We have obtained trademark registrations in Canada, the European Union, and Japan for the same mark and have pending applications in Brazil and Russia. We have obtained foreign
trademark registrations for the corporate name Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. in the European Union and Japan. We have received U.S. trademark registration number 3393576 for the mark CONTRAVE for use in connection with pharmaceutical preparations for
use in the treatment of obesity and inducing weight loss. An intent-to-use application for the CONTRAVE mark has been filed in the United States in connection with certain printed materials and medical information services. We have also obtained
foreign trademark registrations for the mark CONTRAVE in Canada, Europe and Japan and have pending applications in Brazil, Canada, and Russia. In addition, applications for a Contrave logo for use in connection with pharmaceutical preparations for
use in the treatment of obesity and inducing weight loss, certain printed materials and medical information services are pending in the U.S. and Canada. The Contrave logo is registered in Europe and Japan. An intent-to-use trademark application for
the mark EMPATIC is pending for use in connection with pharmaceutical preparations, including those for use in the treatment of obesity and inducing weight loss, various printed materials, and medical information services. Foreign trademark
registrations have issued in the European Union and Japan for the mark EMPATIC, and an application remains pending in Canada. However, no assurance can be given that our allowed trademark applications will actually become registered, or that our
registered trademarks can be maintained or enforced. During trademark registration proceedings in the various countries, we have received and expect to receive rejections. Although we are given an opportunity to respond to those rejections, there
can be no assurance that the rejections can be successfully overcome. In addition, in the PTO and in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and to cancel registered trademarks. For
example, another pharmaceutical company opposed the registration of EXCALIA, the prior mark for the product candidate that we now call EMPATIC. No assurance can be given that opposition or cancellation proceedings will not be filed against our
trademarks, nor can there be any assurance that our trademarks would survive such proceedings. We may be subject to
claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. As is common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or
potential competitors. Although no claims against us are currently pending, we may be subject to claims that these employees or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former
employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Finances and Capital Requirements 
 We have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and anticipate that we will incur continued losses for the
foreseeable future. We have focused primarily on developing our first two product candidates, NB32 and
Empatic, with the goal of supporting regulatory approval for these product candidates. We have financed our operations almost exclusively through the sale of our preferred and common stock and debt and have incurred losses in each year since our
inception in September 2002. As of December 31, 2013, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 514.5 million. These losses, combined with expected future losses, have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our
stockholders equity and working capital. We expect to continue to incur significant and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future and such losses have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders 
equity. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products, we are unable to predict the extent of any future losses or when we will become profitable, if at all. 
 We have not generated any revenue from our product candidates and may never be profitable. 
 Our ability to become profitable depends upon our ability to generate revenue. With the exception of the 50 million
upfront cash payment we received from Takeda upon execution of the collaboration agreement, we have not generated any revenue from our development-stage product candidates, and we do not know when, or if, we will generate any revenue. Our ability to
generate revenue depends on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, our ability to: 

successfully complete future trials for NB32 and Empatic, including the Light Study and the Ignite Study; 

obtain regulatory approval for NB32 and Empatic; 

manufacture commercial quantities of our product candidates at acceptable cost levels if regulatory approvals are received;

successfully manage our collaborative relationship with Takeda to effectively market and sell NB32, if approved, in the United States, Canada and
Mexico; and 

identify and enter into one or more additional strategic collaborations to effectively market and sell Empatic or market and sell NB32 outside the
United States, Canada and Mexico, if approved. Even if one or more of our product
candidates is approved for commercial sale, which we do not expect to occur, with respect to NB32, until June 2014 at the earliest, assuming the PDUFA goal date assigned by the FDA for the resubmitted NB32 NDA is not delayed, we anticipate incurring
significant costs associated with commercializing and continued development for any approved product. We may not achieve profitability soon after generating product sales, if ever. If we or our collaborative partner are unable to generate product
revenues, we will not become sustainably profitable and may be unable to continue operations without continued funding. 
 We may need additional funds and/or need to enter into additional collaborative or other agreements in order to fund any additional
clinical trials for NB32 beyond the Light Study, to the extent required, commercialize NB32 outside the United States, Canada and Mexico and continue the development of Empatic, and we may be unable to raise capital when needed or enter into such an
agreement, which would force us to delay, reduce or eliminate any additional development activities required for NB32, our commercialization efforts for NB32 outside such countries and our development efforts for Empatic. 
 Developing products for the obesity market, conducting clinical trials, establishing outsourced manufacturing
relationships and successfully manufacturing and marketing drugs that we may develop is expensive. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

meet our projected operating requirements through at least the next 12 months. However, we have based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could spend our available
financial resources much faster than we currently expect. Further, we will need additional capital to: 

fund our operations and continue to conduct clinical trials to support potential regulatory approval of Empatic; 

commercialize NB32 outside the United States, Canada and Mexico, Empatic or any other product candidates that we may develop, in-license or acquire,
if any of these product candidates receives regulatory approval; 

co-promote NB32 in the United States, if it receives regulatory approval; and 

qualify and outsource the commercial-scale of our products under cGMP. 
 The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to:

the rate of progress and cost of the Light Study, and the scope and cost of any additional clinical trials required for NB32 and clinical trials for
Empatic, including expenses to support the trials and milestone payments that may become payable, and the decisions we make with respect to the continued development of such product candidates; 

the terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing, co-promotion or other arrangements that we may establish with respect to NB32 or Empatic;

the costs of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities in order to commercialize NB32 if and when it is approved for marketing,
should we elect to do so; 

the costs involved in enforcing or defending patent claims or other intellectual property rights; 

the costs and timing of regulatory approvals for NB32 and Empatic, if at all; 

the extent to which we in-license, acquire or invest in other indications, products, technologies and businesses; and 

the successful commercialization of our products, if approved. 
 Future capital requirements will also depend on the extent to which we acquire or invest in additional complementary
businesses, products and technologies. We currently have no commitments or agreements relating to any of these types of transactions. Until we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenue and achieve profitability, we expect to finance future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt, receivables or royalty
financings, or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements, as well as through interest income earned on cash and investment balances. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate
funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our development programs or our commercialization efforts. Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly. We expect our operating results to be subject to quarterly fluctuations. Our net loss and other operating results will be affected by numerous factors, including: 

variations in the level of expenses related to our two existing product candidates, including the conduct of the Light Study and the Ignite Study,
or future development programs; 

regulatory developments affecting our product candidates or those of our competitors; 
 68 

Table of Contents 

the timing of future payments, if any, we may receive under our collaboration agreement with Takeda; 

our execution of any additional collaborative, licensing or similar arrangements, and the timing of payments we may make or receive under these
arrangements; 

addition or termination of clinical trials, including the Light Study and the Ignite Study, or funding support; 

any intellectual property infringement lawsuit in which we may become involved; and 

if any of our product candidates receives regulatory approval, the level of underlying demand for our product candidates, wholesalers buying
patterns and with respect to NB32, Takeda s performance under our collaboration agreement. If our quarterly operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Furthermore, any quarterly fluctuations in
our operating results may, in turn, cause the price of our stock to fluctuate substantially. We believe that quarterly comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of our future
performance. Raising additional funds by issuing securities may cause dilution to existing stockholders and raising
funds through lending and licensing arrangements may restrict our operations or require us to relinquish proprietary rights. To the extent that we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our existing stockholders ownership will be diluted. Debt, receivables and royalty financings typically contain covenants
that restrict operating activities and may impair our ability to in-license potential products and/or product candidates. Debt, receivables and royalty financings may also be coupled with an equity component, such as warrants to purchase stock,
which could also result in dilution of our existing stockholders ownership. If we raise additional
funds through collaboration, licensing or other similar arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish potentially valuable rights to our current product candidates, potential products or proprietary technologies, or grant licenses on terms that
are not favorable to us. If adequate funds are not available, our ability to achieve profitability or to respond to competitive pressures would be significantly limited and we may be required to delay, significantly curtail or eliminate the
development of one or more of our product candidates. We recently sold 115 million aggregate principal amount of 2.75 
Convertible Senior Notes, which may impact our financial results, result in the dilution of existing stockholders, and restrict our ability to take advantage of future opportunities. 
 In December of 2013, we sold 115 million aggregate principal amount of 2.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2020, or the
2020 Notes. We will be required to pay interest on the 2020 Notes until they come due, are called by us, or are converted, and the payment of that interest will reduce our net income. The sale of the 2020 Notes may also affect our earnings per share
figures, as accounting requirements require that we include in our calculation of earnings per share the number of shares of our common stock into which the 2020 Notes are convertible. We are seeking approval at the 2014 annual meeting of
stockholders for a flexible conversion option that would allow us to pay the conversion right on these 2020 Notes in cash and/or shares, and, if approved, that flexible conversion right may allow us to exclude from the earnings per share calculation
the shares of our common stock into which the 2020 Notes are convertible. However, we cannot guarantee that stockholders will approve this flexible conversion option or that, if approved, the flexible conversion option would result in the accounting
treatment described above. The 2020 Notes may be converted, under the conditions and at the premium specified in those 2020 Notes, into shares of our common stock and/or, if the flexible conversion option is approved, into the cash equivalent of
shares of our common stock. If converted into shares, the 2020 Notes will 
 69 

Table of Contents 

result in the dilution of our shareholders. If converted into cash, the 2020 Notes will require the payment of significant additional amounts above the initial principal. The payment of the
interest payments, the repayment of the principal, and the potential payment of the conversion premium will require the use of a substantial amount of our cash, and if such cash is not available, we may be required to sell other assets or enter into
alternate financing arrangements at terms that may or may not be desirable. The existence of the 2020 Notes and the obligations we incurred by issuing them may restrict our ability to take advantage of certain future opportunities, such as engaging
in future debt or equity financing activities, which may reduce or impair our ability to acquire new businesses or invest in our existing businesses. We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to public company compliance initiatives. 
 As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, and the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc., or Nasdaq, have imposed various requirements on public companies, including
establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules
and regulations result in increased legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure. In particular, we are required to perform system and process
evaluation and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow management and our independent registered public accounting firm to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required by
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our testing, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material
weaknesses. We have incurred and continue to expect to incur significant expense and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with Section 404. We currently do not have an internal audit function, and we may need to hire
additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge. Moreover, if we do not comply with the requirements of Section 404, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm
identifies deficiencies in our internal controls that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which
would entail expenditure of additional financial and management resources. Our results of operations and liquidity
needs could be materially negatively affected by market fluctuations and economic downturn. Our
results of operations could be materially negatively affected by economic conditions generally, both in the U.S. and elsewhere around the world. Domestic and international equity markets have experienced and may continue to experience heightened
volatility and turmoil based on domestic and international economic conditions and concerns. In the event these economic conditions and concerns continue and the markets continue to remain volatile, our results of operations could be adversely
affected by those factors in many ways, including making it more difficult for us to raise funds if necessary, and our stock price may further decline. In addition, we maintain significant amounts of cash and cash equivalents at one or more
financial institutions that are not federally insured. If economic instability continues, we cannot provide assurance that we will not experience losses on these investments. We may lose the ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards, which could prevent or delay us from offsetting future taxable income. 
 We have incurred substantial losses during our history and do not expect to become profitable in 2014 and may never
achieve profitability. To the extent that we continue to generate taxable losses, unused losses will 
 70 

Table of Contents 

carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused losses expire. Our federal and state net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2024 and 2015, respectively.
Additionally, the future utilization of our net operating loss carryforwards and credits to offset future taxable income is subject to annual limitations, pursuant to Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as a result
of ownership changes that have occurred in prior years or may occur in the future, which could defer our ability to utilize or prevent us from fully utilizing our net operating loss carryforwards and credits, which could have an adverse effect on
our results of operations. The Company has completed an ownership change analysis in accordance with Section 382 from inception through December 31, 2013. As a result of the analysis, it was determined that the Company experienced several
ownership changes during this period with the last one occurring in December 2011. The analysis to determine the limitation of NOLs and federal credits as a result of the ownership changes has not been finalized. When this analysis is finalized, we
will reassess the amount of net operating losses and federal credits subject to limitation under Section 382. Risks
Relating to Securities Markets and Investment in Our Stock The market price of our common stock has fluctuated and
is likely to continue to fluctuate, which could reduce the market price of our common stock. The
market prices for securities of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have historically been highly volatile, and the market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating
performance of particular companies. Over the last several years, the overall capital markets have been highly volatile. Since the commencement of trading in connection with our initial public offering, or IPO, the publicly traded shares of our
common stock have themselves experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. During the quarter ended December 31, 2013, the price per share for our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market has ranged from a low sale price of 4.60 to a
high sale price of 7.05. This market volatility is likely to continue and could reduce the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In addition, the trading price of our common stock could change significantly over
short periods of time in response to many factors, including: 

FDA or international regulatory actions, including announcements concerning our NDA or our communications with the FDA for NB32, including the
status of the FDA s review of our NDA for NB32, or failure to receive regulatory approval for any of our product candidates; 

announcements regarding our clinical trials, including the Light Study and the Ignite Study; 

announcements regarding Vivus , Arena s and Eisai s approved obesity products, including sales, safety and efficacy results, and
their respective regulatory submissions and/or the results of their respective clinical trials; 

announcements regarding our other competitors regulatory submissions and/or the results of their clinical trials;

announcements regarding our collaborative relationship with Takeda; 

announcements regarding bupropion, naltrexone or zonisamide; 

announcements regarding manufacturing or supply developments for NB32 or Empatic; 

failure of any of our product candidates, if approved, to achieve commercial success; 

developments concerning current or future strategic collaborations; 

announcements of the introduction of new products by us or our competitors; 

market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; 

announcements concerning product development results or intellectual property rights of others; 

litigation or public concern about the safety of our potential products; 
 71 

Table of Contents 

actual and anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results; 

deviations in our operating results from the estimates of securities analysts or other analyst comments; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

healthcare reform measures and other third-party coverage and reimbursement policies; and 

discussion of us or our stock price by the financial and scientific press and in online investor communities. 
 The realization of any of the risks described in these Risk Factors could also have a dramatic and material
adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. Future sales of our common stock may depress our stock price.
 Any future sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the
perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the price of our common stock. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of any such shares of common stock or the availability of any such shares of common stock for sale
would have on the market price of our common stock. In addition, persons who were our stockholders prior to
the sale of shares in our IPO continue to hold a substantial number of shares of our common stock that they may be able to sell in the public market, subject to the limitations of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Significant
portions of these shares are held by a small number of stockholders. Sales by our current stockholders of a substantial number of shares, or the expectation that such sales may occur, could significantly reduce the market price of our common stock.
For example, certain of our executive officers have established selling plans under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, for the purpose of effecting specified sales of our common stock over a
specified period of time. Moreover, the holders of a substantial number of shares of common stock may have rights, subject to certain conditions, to require us to file registration statements to permit the resale of their shares in the public market
or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. 
 We have also registered all common stock that we may issue under our employee benefits plans. As a result, these shares
can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to restrictions under the securities laws. In addition, our directors and executive officers may in the future establish programmed selling plans under Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act
for the purpose of effecting sales of our common stock, in addition to the already established plans. If any of these events cause a large number of our shares to be sold in the public market, the sales could reduce the trading price of our common
stock and impede our ability to raise future capital. Our executive officers, directors, principal stockholders and
their respective affiliates will exercise significant influence over stockholder voting matters in a manner that may not be in the best interests of all of our stockholders. 
 As of March 1, 2014, our executive officers, directors, holders of 5 or more of our capital stock and their
respective affiliates together controlled approximately 33.4 of our outstanding common stock, assuming no exercise of outstanding options or warrants. As a result, these stockholders will collectively be able to significantly influence all matters
requiring approval of our stockholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. The concentration of ownership may delay, prevent or deter a change in control of our company even when such a change may
be in the best interests of some stockholders, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company or our assets and might affect the prevailing market price of our common
stock. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or
prevent a change of control which could limit the market price of our common stock and may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay
or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our board of directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. Some of these provisions include: 

a board of directors divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms, such that not all members of the board will be elected at one
time; 

a prohibition on stockholder action through written consent; 

a requirement that special meetings of stockholders be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, the
president or by a majority of the total number of authorized directors; 

advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations; 

a requirement of approval of not less than
66 2 / 3 of all outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote to amend any bylaws by stockholder action, or to amend specific provisions of our certificate of incorporation; and

the authority of the board of directors to issue preferred stock on terms determined by the board of directors without stockholder approval.
 In addition, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporate Law, which may prohibit certain business combinations with stockholders owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. These and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws
and Delaware law could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of directors, including to delay or impede a merger,
tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 We have never paid dividends on our capital stock, and because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain on an investment in our stock. We have paid no cash dividends on any of our classes of capital stock to date and we currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. We do not
anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 
 We may become involved in securities class action litigation that could divert management s attention and harm our business
and could subject us to significant liabilities. The stock markets have from time to time experienced
significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices for the common stock of pharmaceutical companies. These broad market fluctuations may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. In the past, securities class
action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock
price volatility in recent years. We may become involved in this and other types of shareholder litigation in the future. Litigation often is expensive and diverts management s attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business.
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 In May 2013, we received a shareholder demand alleging that certain option
grants to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Michael A. Narachi, our Chief Business Officer and acting-Chief Financial Officer, Joseph P. Hagan, and our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Heather D. Turner, in 2011 were
granted in excess of the 1,500,000 share limit set forth in Section 3.3 of the Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. 2007 Equity Incentive Award Plan, or Plan, as to the number of shares of our common stock with respect to which one or more stock awards
may be granted to any one eligible participant during any of our fiscal years. We refer to this limit as the 162(m) Award Limit. Our board of directors established a demand review committee composed of independent directors to conduct an
investigation with respect to the shareholder demand and to make recommendations to our board of directors. The demand review committee engaged independent counsel as part of its investigation and evaluated (1) the terms of the Plan,
(2) the initial issuance procedures for the option grants to Mr. Narachi, Mr. Hagan and Ms. Turner during 2011, (3) the authority available to the compensation committee of our board of directors under its charter and the
Plan, (4) the expectations of the award recipients and (5) the intent of our board of directors and the compensation committee regarding the availability of an exemption from the deductibility limitations of Section 162(m) of the
Internal Revenue Code for such option grants. Following its investigation, the demand review committee determined that the 162(m) Award Limit first became effective as of June 2, 2011, and that, therefore, awards granted under the Plan prior to
June 2, 2011, did not count toward the 162(m) Award Limit. The demand review committee determined that the awards granted to Mr. Hagan between June 2, 2011 and December 31, 2011 did not exceed the 162(m) Award Limit. The demand
review committee further determined that the options granted to Mr. Narachi and Ms. Turner, including the portion of such awards in excess of the 162(m) Award Limit, were validly approved under the Plan, although the portion of those
awards in excess of the 162(m) Award Limit does not qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m). In September 2013, the compensation committee amended the Plan, with the approval of our board of directors, to take the
following actions: (1) to clarify that the 162(m) Award Limit only applies to awards or the portion thereof intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m); and (2) to confirm that the compensation committee
has the authority to make awards in excess of the 162(m) Award Limit, which board action we refer to as the Plan Amendment. The Plan Amendment is deemed effective as of June 10, 2011, consistent with the authority of the compensation committee
as administrator of the Plan as of that date. Any grants under the Plan in excess of the 162(m) Award Limit are not intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m). 
 On December 6, 2013, a plaintiff claiming to be a shareholder of ours filed a derivative lawsuit purportedly on
behalf of us against certain of our officers and the members of our board of directors, in the Superior Court for the State of California, County of San Diego, captioned Wilkin v. Narachi, et al . On December 9, 2013, the same shareholder
who made a demand on the board in May 2013 filed a derivative lawsuit purportedly on behalf of us against certain of our officers and current and former members of our board of directors in the United States District Court, for the Southern District
of California, captioned Turgeman v. Narachi, et al . Both of the lawsuits assert claims for breach of fiduciary duty, waste and unjust enrichment based on, among other things, the alleged grant of stock options to certain officers in excess
of the 162(m) Award Limit, repricing stock options allegedly in violation of our equity incentive plan, the board of directors conduct in responding to the May 2013 shareholder demand, and making allegedly false and misleading statements. Both
of the lawsuits seek, among other things, declaratory relief, corporate governance reforms, rescission of certain stock option awards, rescission of the Plan Amendment, injunctive relief, damages, restitution, disgorgement and attorney s fees.
Although management believes that the claims lack merit and intends to defend against them vigorously, there are uncertainties inherent in any litigation and we cannot predict the outcome. 
 It is possible that securities class action litigation may be brought against us following stock price declines related
to the release of information regarding our NB32 NDA or clinical trial results, including the Light Study or related to the matters alleged in the May 2013 shareholder demand and/or the Plan Amendment. Any adverse determination in such litigation
could subject us to significant liabilities. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties In December 2007, we entered into a lease agreement covering approximately
22,229 square feet of office space which we use as our corporate headquarters in La Jolla, California. In September 2008, we entered into an amendment to lease an additional 9,312 square feet bringing the total leased space to 31,541
square feet. In February 2012, we entered into a partial lease termination agreement to reduce the amount of leased office space at our corporate headquarters to a total of 22,229 square feet of leased space. In February 2013, we entered into an
amendment to extend our lease to September 2017. We have no laboratory, research or manufacturing facilities. We believe that our current facilities are adequate for our needs for the immediate future and that, should it be needed, suitable
additional space will be available to accommodate expansion of our operations on commercially reasonable terms. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings In May 2013, we received a shareholder demand alleging that certain option grants to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Michael A. Narachi, our Chief Business Officer and acting-Chief Financial
Officer, Joseph P. Hagan, and our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Heather D. Turner, in 2011 were granted in excess of the 1,500,000 share limit set forth in Section 3.3 of the Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. 2007 Equity
Incentive Award Plan, or Plan, as to the number of shares of our common stock with respect to which one or more stock awards may be granted to any one eligible participant during any of our fiscal years. We refer to this limit as the 162(m) Award
Limit. Our board of directors established a demand review committee composed of independent directors to conduct an investigation with respect to the shareholder demand and to make recommendations to our board of directors. The demand review
committee engaged independent counsel as part of its investigation and evaluated (1) the terms of the Plan, (2) the initial issuance procedures for the option grants to Mr. Narachi, Mr. Hagan and Ms. Turner during 2011,
(3) the authority available to the compensation committee of our board of directors under its charter and the Plan, (4) the expectations of the award recipients and (5) the intent of our board of directors and the compensation
committee regarding the availability of an exemption from the deductibility limitations of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code for such option grants. Following its investigation, the demand review committee determined that the 162(m)
Award Limit first became effective as of June 2, 2011, and that, therefore, awards granted under the Plan prior to June 2, 2011, did not count toward the 162(m) Award Limit. The demand review committee determined that the awards granted to
Mr. Hagan between June 2, 2011 and December 31, 2011 did not exceed the 162(m) Award Limit. The demand review committee further determined that the options granted to Mr. Narachi and Ms. Turner, including the portion of such
awards in excess of the 162(m) Award Limit, were validly approved under the Plan, although the portion of those awards in excess of the 162(m) Award Limit does not qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m). In September
2013, the compensation committee amended the Plan, with the approval of our board of directors, to take the following actions: (1) to clarify that the 162(m) Award Limit only applies to awards or the portion thereof intended to qualify as
performance-based compensation under Section 162(m); and (2) to confirm that the compensation committee has the authority to make awards in excess of the 162(m) Award Limit, which board action we refer to as the Plan Amendment. The Plan
Amendment is deemed effective as of June 10, 2011, consistent with the authority of the compensation committee as administrator of the Plan as of that date. Any grants under the Plan in excess of the 162(m) Award Limit are not intended to
qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m). On December 6, 2013, a plaintiff
claiming to be a shareholder of ours filed a derivative lawsuit purportedly on behalf of the Company against certain of our officers and the members of our board of directors, in the Superior Court for the State of California, County of San Diego,
captioned Wilkin v. Narachi, et al . On December 9, 2013, the same shareholder who made a demand on the board in May 2013 filed a derivative 
 75 

Table of Contents 

lawsuit purportedly on our behalf against certain of our officers and current and former members of our board of directors in the United States District Court, for the Southern District of
California, captioned Turgeman v. Narachi, et al . Both of the lawsuits assert claims for breach of fiduciary duty, waste and unjust enrichment based on, among other things, the alleged grant of stock options to certain officers in excess of
the 162(m) Award Limit, repricing stock options allegedly in violation of our equity incentive plan, the board of directors conduct in responding to the May 2013 shareholder demand, and making allegedly false and misleading statements. Both of
the lawsuits seek, among other things, declaratory relief, corporate governance reforms, rescission of certain stock option awards, rescission of the Plan Amendment, injunctive relief, damages, restitution, disgorgement and attorney s fees.
Although management believes that the claims lack merit and intends to defend against them vigorously, there are uncertainties inherent in any litigation and we cannot predict the outcome. 
 It is possible that securities class action litigation may be brought against us following stock price declines related
to the release of information regarding our NB32 NDA or clinical trial results, including the Light Study or related to the matters alleged in the May 2013 shareholder demand and/or the Plan Amendment. Any adverse determination in such litigation
could subject us to significant liabilities. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol OREX. The following table sets forth the high and low sales price of our common stock, as reported by the Nasdaq Global Market for the period indicated. 

High 

Low 

Year Ended December 31, 2013: 

Fourth Quarter 

7.05 

4.60 

Third Quarter 

7.84 

5.60 

Second Quarter 

7.34 

5.55 

First Quarter 

6.68 

4.98 

Year Ended December 31, 2012: 

Fourth Quarter 

6.49 

3.91 

Third Quarter 

7.73 

3.76 

Second Quarter 

6.55 

3.10 

First Quarter 

5.14 

1.63 
 
 On March 10, 2014, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq
Global Market was 6.78. As of March 10, 2014, there were 32 holders of record of our common stock. Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and we do not currently intend to pay any cash
dividends on our common stock. We expect to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends on our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and
will depend upon, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements and contractual restrictions. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table summarizes securities available under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2013. 

Plan Category 
 
 Shares Issuable Upon
Exercise of Outstanding Awards 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 

Number of Securities Available for Future Issuance 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

16,902,147 

3.10 

7,392,757 
 (1) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders: 

N/A 

2,500,000 
 (2) 
 
 Total 

16,902,147 

3.10 

9,892,757 

(1) 
 Represents shares reserved for issuance under the 2004 Stock Plan, the 2007 Equity Incentive Award Plan, as amended, or the 2007 Plan or the 2013
Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The 2007 Plan was adopted at the time of our initial public offering which coincided with our discontinuation of granting awards under the 2004 Stock Plan. Stock options under the 2007 Plan have an exercise price equal
to the fair market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant, generally vest over a period of four years, and have a 
 77 

Table of Contents 

ten-year life. The 2007 Plan contains an evergreen provision which allows for annual increases in the number of shares available for future
issuance on January 1 of each year during the ten-year term of the plan, beginning on January 1, 2008. The annual increase in the number of shares shall be equal to the lesser of (i) 15 of our outstanding common stock on the
applicable January 1, (ii) 6,000,000 shares of common stock, or (iii) a lesser amount determined by our board of directors. The 2007 Plan provides that the maximum number of shares that may be granted pursuant to the exercise of
incentive stock options granted under the plan is 40,000,000 shares. The 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan was approved in June 2013. 

(2) 
 Represents shares reserved for issuance under the 2007 Plan to individuals not previously an employee or non-employee director of ours (or following
a bona fide period of non-employment with us), as an inducement material to each individual s entering into employment with us, or the Inducement Reserve, within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules, or Rule 5635(c)(4).
The 2007 Plan was amended in October 2009 to provide for the reservation of 500,000 shares of our common stock to be issued pursuant to the Inducement Reserve without stockholder approval, as permitted under Rule 5635(c)(4). The 2007 Plan was
further amended without stockholder approval in February 2010 to reserve an additional 2,000,000 shares of our common stock to be issued pursuant to the Inducement Reserve. Comparative Stock Performance Graph The information
contained in this Stock Performance Graph section shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or filed with the SEC or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act unless we specifically incorporate it
by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The following graph
illustrates a comparison of the total cumulative stockholder return on our common stock since April 26, 2007, which is the date our common stock first began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market, to two indices: the Nasdaq Composite Index and the
Nasdaq Biotechnology Index. The graph assumes an initial investment of 100 on April 26, 2007. The comparisons in the graph are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible
future performance of our common stock. 

December 31, 2008 

December 31, 2013 

Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. 

100 

101 

Nasdaq Composite Index 

100 

283 

Nasdaq Biotechnology Index 

100 

288 

78 

Table of Contents 

 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Repurchases of Equity Securities None. Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 The following selected financial data should be read together with our financial statements and related notes, and
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included elsewhere in this annual report. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

2009 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Statement of Operations Data: 

Revenues: 

Collaborative agreement 

3,428 

3,428 

3,428 

1,143 

License revenue 

971 

88 

88 

Total revenues 

3,428 

3,428 

4,399 

1,231 

88 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

56,748 

73,680 

12,780 

28,131 

47,441 

General and administrative 

23,878 

19,987 

19,502 

24,495 

18,177 

Total operating expenses 

80,626 

93,667 

32,282 

52,626 

65,618 

Loss from operations 

(77,198) 

(90,239) 

(27,883) 

(51,395) 

(65,530) 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

65 

147 

46 

124 

333 

Interest expense 

(538) 

(2) 

(221) 

(644) 

(1,365) 

Total other income (expense) 

(473) 

145 

(175) 

(520) 

(1,032) 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

(77,671) 

(90,094) 

(28,058) 

(51,915) 

(66,562) 

Basic and diluted net loss per share (1) 

(0.80) 

(1.27) 

(0.58) 

(1.10) 

(1.67) 

Shares used to calculate net loss per share (1) 

96,491 

70,739 

48,273 

47,377 

39,905 

(1) 
 See Note 2 of Notes to Financial Statements for an explanation of the method used to calculate the net loss per share and the number of shares
used in the computation of the per share amounts. 

As of December 31, 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

2009 

(In thousands) 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Cash and cash equivalents and investment securities, available-for-sale 

176,996 

137,403 

147,593 

92,366 

92,158 

Working capital 

155,429 

113,780 

141,013 

78,580 

77,387 

Total assets 

180,121 

139,154 

149,700 

96,846 

96,848 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

80,031 

2,416 

Accumulated deficit 

(514,475) 

(436,804) 

(346,710) 

(318,652) 

(266,737) 
 
 Total stockholders equity 

41,862 

75,469 

99,706 

33,788 

75,903 

79 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition
And Results Of Operations The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results
of operations should be read in conjunction with Item 6 Selected Financial Data and our financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this annual report. In addition to historical information, this discussion and
analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not
limited to those set forth under Item 1A Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report. Overview 
 Background We are a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of pharmaceutical product candidates for the treatment of obesity. Our product candidates are NB32 (formerly referred to as Contrave ), which has completed Phase III clinical trials and which is currently being studied in a cardiovascular
outcomes trial, and Empatic , which has completed Phase II clinical trials. Each of these product candidates is a combination of generic drug components, each of which has already received regulatory approval for other indications and been
commercialized in the United States and in a majority of the member countries of the European Union. We are developing these combinations in an effort to demonstrate adequate efficacy and safety for potential regulatory approval. We have not yet
received regulatory approval in the United States or the European Union for either product candidate In
January 2011, we received a complete response letter, or CRL, from the United Stated Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, regarding our New Drug Application, or NDA, for NB32. A CRL is issued by the FDA when the review of an NDA is completed and
questions remain that preclude the approval of the NDA in its current form. The CRL for NB32 indicated that the FDA could not approve the NDA in its present form primarily due to concerns regarding the cardiovascular safety profile of NB32 when used
long-term in a population of overweight and obese patients. The CRL stated that before our NDA could be approved, we must conduct a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of sufficient size and duration to demonstrate that the risk of
MACE in overweight and obese patients treated with NB32 does not adversely affect the drug s benefit-risk profile. In September 2011, following a meeting with senior officials in the FDA s Office of New Drugs, or OND, we received written correspondence from the director of the OND detailing the OND s design
requirements for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled cardiovascular outcomes trial, or CVOT, for NB32 that would address the CRL. We initiated the CVOT, which we refer to as the Light Study, in June 2012 and completed screening in
December 2012, which resulted in approximately 8,900 patients randomized to treatment. We enrolled a patient population that we predicted would have an annualized MACE rate between 1 and 2 . The FDA previously agreed that if the interim analysis of
the Light Study meets the specified criteria to exclude cardiovascular risk, NB32 could be approved. The pre-specified criteria for the interim analysis is to exclude a hazard ratio of 2.0, using the upper bound of the 95 confidence interval, for
excess risk MACE in patients receiving NB32 as compared to placebo. In November 2013, we announced successful results of the interim analysis of the Light Study. In addition to meeting the pre-specified criteria for excluding cardiovascular risk, no
new safety signals were observed. In December 2013, we resubmitted the NDA for NB32 to the FDA, seeking
approval for NB32 and in January 2014, the FDA assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, goal date of June 10, 2014 for its review of the resubmission. Pursuant to an agreement with the FDA, the independent Data Monitoring
Committee s summary report of the interim analysis from the Light Study formed the basis of the resubmission of the NDA, and the clinical study report for the interim analysis was supplied to the FDA in February 2014. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 In December 2013, we issued 115.0 million in aggregate principal amount of
2.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2020, or the 2020 Notes, in an offering to qualified institutional buyers conducted in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Net cash proceeds from the issuance of the 2020 Notes
were approximately 110.5 million, after deducting initial purchasers discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. Our primary activities since incorporation have been organizational activities, including recruiting personnel, conducting research and development, including clinical trials, and raising capital. We have
incurred significant net losses since our inception. As of December 31, 2013, we had an accumulated deficit of 514.5 million. These losses have resulted principally from costs incurred in connection with research and development
activities, primarily costs of clinical trial activities associated with our current product candidates, and general and administrative expenses. We expect to continue to incur losses for the next several years. Successful transition to attaining
profitable operations is dependent upon achieving a level of revenues adequate to support our cost structure, and until that time, we may need to continue to raise additional equity or debt financing. 
 Revenues We generated approximately 3.4 million in revenue in 2013, resulting from the sublicensing of technology and amounts earned under our collaboration agreements. In September 2010, we entered into a
collaboration agreement with Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, or Takeda, to develop and commercialize NB32 in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Under the collaboration agreement, we received an upfront, nonrefundable cash payment of 50.0
million from Takeda and this amount is being recognized ratably over the estimated life of the agreement. For each of the years 2013, 2012 and 2011, we recognized revenue of 3.4 million, related to the Takeda agreement. 
 During 2005, we sublicensed technology to Cypress Bioscience, Inc., or Cypress, for an upfront payment of 1.5 million,
and this amount was being recognized ratably over the estimated life of the sublicensed patent. In January 2011, Cypress exercised its right to terminate the agreement. The remaining deferred revenue of 971,000 was recognized in the first quarter
ending March 31, 2011. Other than the amortization of the upfront payment of 50.0 million from Takeda,
we do not expect to generate any significant revenues from licensing, achievement of milestones or product sales unless and until we are able to obtain regulatory approval of, and commercialize, our product candidates. 
 Takeda accounted for 100 , 100 and 78 of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively. Cypress accounted for 0 , 0 and 22 of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Research and Development Expenses The majority of
our operating expenses to date have been incurred in research and development activities. Our research and development expenses consisted primarily of costs associated with clinical trials managed by our contract research organizations, or CROs,
product development efforts and manufacturing costs. License fees, salaries and related employee benefits for certain personnel, and costs associated with certain non-clinical activities such as regulatory expenses, are also included in this amount.
Our most significant costs to date are expenses incurred in connection with the clinical trials for NB32 and Empatic. The clinical trial expenses included payments to vendors such as CROs, investigators, suppliers of clinical drug materials and
related consultants. We charge all research and development expenses to operations as incurred because the underlying technology associated with these expenditures relates to our research and development efforts and has no alternative future uses.
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Our internal research and development resources are not directly tied to any
individual research project and are primarily deployed across our NB32 and Empatic programs, both of which target the obesity market. We are developing our two obesity product candidates in parallel and, due to the fact that we use shared resources
across projects, we do not maintain information regarding our internal costs incurred for our research and development programs on a program-specific basis. We use external service providers to manage our clinical trials, to manufacture the product
supplies used in these trials and for formulations development, consulting and other activities. The
following table summarizes our research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2013. Costs that are not attributable to a specific research program are included in the Other category (in thousands): 

Costs of external service providers: 

Obesity 

43,749 

Other 

333 

Subtotal 

44,082 

Internal costs 

9,261 

Stock-based compensation 

3,405 

Total research and development costs 

56,748 

At this time, due to the risks inherent in the drug development process, we are unable to
estimate with any certainty the costs we will incur in the continued development, if any, of our product candidates for potential commercialization. Specifically, we cannot quantify the development expenses associated with completion of the Light
Study for NB32 or the development of Empatic. Prior to its commencement, we anticipated that the costs to conduct the Light Study to the interim analysis would be approximately 100.0 million. We believe the costs we have incurred to date and expect
to incur in the future in connection with the conduct of the Light Study are consistent with our original projection. With respect to Empatic, prior to initiating Phase III studies, we plan to seek a collaboration partner to help fund Phase III
clinical development of and, if approved, commercialization of this product candidate. However, we cannot forecast with any degree of certainty whether such a collaboration arrangement will be secured, if at all, and to what degree such arrangement
would affect our development plans and capital requirements. As such, until we finalize any future development plans for Empatic, including based on additional feedback from the FDA and our ability to secure a collaboration partner, we are not able
to estimate the expenses required to further develop Empatic. Future development expenses will depend on the timing of the Light Study and any other additional clinical trials for NB32, if any, our financial resources, our ability to secure a
collaboration partner for, as well as decisions made with respect to the development of, Empatic and ongoing assessments as to each product candidate s commercial potential. Clinical development timelines, the probability of success and
development costs can differ materially from expectations. The lengthy process of completing our clinical trials, including the Light Study, and seeking regulatory approval for our product candidates requires the expenditure of substantial
resources. Any failure by us or delay in completing our clinical trials, including the Light Study, or in obtaining regulatory approvals, could cause a delay in the commencement of product revenues and cause our research and development expenses to
increase and, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We do not expect NB32 to be commercially available in any major market until the third quarter of 2014, at the earliest, if at all, and Empatic to be commercially
available in any major market for at least several years, if at all. General and Administrative 
 Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs for personnel in executive,
finance, accounting and internal support functions. In addition, general and administrative expenses include professional fees for legal, consulting and accounting services. We anticipate general and administrative expenses to remain generally
unchanged as we continue to pursue the development of NB32 and Empatic. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income consists of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents and investment securities. Interest expense
consists principally of interest incurred in connection the 2.75 convertible senior notes and the amortization of the discount of the liability component of the convertible senior notes. 
 Income Taxes At December 31, 2013, we have federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 422.2 million and 396.5 million, respectively. The federal and state net operating loss
carryforwards begin to expire in 2024 and 2015, respectively, unless previously utilized. At December 31, 2013, we have federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of 16.9 million and 4.8 million, respectively. The
federal research and development tax credit carryforwards begin to expire in 2024 unless previously utilized and the state tax credits carry forward indefinitely. Under Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or
the Internal Revenue Code, substantial changes in our ownership may limit the amount of net operating loss carryforwards that could be utilized annually in the future to offset taxable income. The Company has completed an ownership change analysis
in accordance with Section 382 from inception through December 31, 2013. As a result of the analysis, it was determined that the Company experienced several ownership changes during this period with the last one occurring in December 2011.
The analysis to determine the limitation of NOLs and federal credits as a result of the ownership changes has not been finalized. Based on our preliminary analysis of the limitation of our net operating losses and federal credits, we have removed
deferred tax assets for net operating losses of 254.1 million and 231.1 million for federal and state, respectively, and federal research and development credits of 9.6 million from our deferred tax asset schedule and have recorded a
corresponding decrease to our valuation allowance. When this analysis is finalized, we will reassess the amount of net operating losses and federal credits subject to limitation under Section 382. Due to the existence of the valuation
allowance, future changes in the deferred tax assets related to these tax attributes will not impact our effective tax rate. Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, expenses and related disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We believe the following accounting policies to be critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 
 Research and Development Expenses A substantial portion of our ongoing research and development activities are or are expected to be performed under agreements we enter into with external service providers, including CROs, which conduct
many of our research and development activities. We accrue for costs incurred under these contracts based on factors such as estimates of work performed, patient enrollment, patient visits to clinical sites for routine testing associated with the
clinical trials, and progress of clinical studies and other events. However, the level of estimates can be significant. To date, we have not made any material adjustments to our estimates of clinical trial expenses. We make good faith estimates that
we believe to be accurate, but the actual costs and timing of clinical trials are highly uncertain, subject to risks and may change depending upon a number of factors, including our clinical development plan. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition 
 We have a collaboration agreement with Takeda and prior to its termination in January 2011, had a license agreement with
Cypress, which contain multiple elements, including nonrefundable upfront fees, payments for reimbursement of research costs, payments associated with achieving specific development milestones and royalties based on specified percentages of net
product sales, if any. Prior to the revised multiple element and milestone method of revenue recognition
guidance adopted by us on January 1, 2011, nonrefundable, up-front license fees and milestone payments with standalone value that are not dependent on any future performance by us under the agreements were recognized as revenue upon the earlier
of when payments are received or collection is assured, but were deferred if we had continuing performance obligations. If we had continuing involvement through contractual obligations under such agreements, such up-front fees were deferred and
recognized over the period for which we continued to have a performance obligation. Both the Takeda and Cypress agreements had continuing obligations, and as a result the up-front fees were deferred upon receipt. 
 Effective January 1, 2011, for multiple element agreements entered into or materially modified after
December 31, 2010, we follow the provisions of ASU No. 2009-13. In order to account for the multiple-element arrangements, we identify the deliverables included within the agreement and evaluate which deliverables represent separate units
of accounting. Analyzing the arrangement to identify deliverables requires the use of judgment, and each deliverable may be an obligation to deliver services, a right or license to use an asset, or another performance obligation. A delivered item is
considered a separate unit of accounting when the delivered item has value to the partner on a standalone basis based on the consideration of the relevant facts and circumstances for each arrangement. Factors considered in this determination include
the research capabilities of the partner and the availability of research expertise in this field in the general marketplace. Arrangement consideration is allocated at the inception of the agreement to all identified units of accounting based on
their relative selling price. The relative selling price for each deliverable is determined using vendor-specific objective evidence, or VSOE, of selling price or third-party evidence of selling price if VSOE does not exist. If neither VSOE nor
third-party evidence of selling price exists, we use our best estimate of the selling price for the deliverable. The amount of allocable arrangement consideration is limited to amounts that are fixed or determinable. The consideration received is
allocated among the separate units of accounting, and the applicable revenue recognition criteria are applied to each of the separate units. Changes in the allocation of the sales price between delivered and undelivered elements can impact revenue
recognition but do not change the total revenue recognized under any agreement. Upfront license fee payments are recognized upon delivery of the license if facts and circumstances dictate that the license has standalone value from the undelivered
items, which generally include research and development services and the manufacture of drug products, the relative selling price allocation of the license is equal to or exceeds the upfront license fee, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
our price to the partner is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. The adoption of this new accounting standard did not have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 
 Upfront license fee payments are deferred if facts and circumstances dictate that the license does not have standalone
value. The determination of the length of the period over which to defer revenue is subject to judgment and estimation and can have a material impact on the amount of revenue recognized in a given period. 
 The terms of our collaboration agreements provide for milestone payments upon achievement of certain
regulatory/development and sales-based events. Effective January 1, 2011, we adopted on a prospective basis the guidance under ASU No. 2010-17, Revenue Recognition-Milestone Method . Under the Milestone Method of accounting, we
recognize consideration that is contingent upon the achievement of a milestone in its entirety as revenue in the period in which the milestone is achieved only if the milestone is substantive in its entirety. A milestone is considered substantive
when it meets all of the following three criteria: 1) The consideration is commensurate with either the entity s performance to achieve the milestone or the enhancement of the value of the delivered item(s) as a result of a specific outcome
resulting from the entity s performance to achieve the 
 84 

Table of Contents 

milestone, 2) The consideration relates solely to past performance, and 3) The consideration is reasonable relative to all of the deliverables and payment terms within the arrangement. A
milestone is defined as an event (i) that can only be achieved based in whole or in part on either the entity s performance or on the occurrence of a specific outcome resulting from the entity s performance, (ii) for which there
is substantive uncertainty at the date the arrangement is entered into that the event will be achieved and (iii) that would result in additional payments being due to us. The adoption of this new accounting standard did not have a material
impact on our results of operations or financial position. Royalties to be received based on sales of our
licensed products by partners will be recognized as earned. Convertible Senior Notes 
 In December 2013, we issued the 2020 Notes. The 2020 Notes are accounted for in accordance with Financial Accounting
Standards Board, or FASB, ASC 470, formerly FSP APB 14-1, Accounting for Convertible Debt Instruments That May be Settled in Cash upon Conversion (Including Partial Cash Settlement). ASC Subtopic 470-20 requires the issuer of convertible debt
that may be settled in shares or cash upon conversion at their option, such as the 2020 Notes, to account for the liability (debt) and equity (conversion option) components separately. The guidance requires the carrying amount of the liability
component to be estimated by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated conversion feature. To measure the fair value of the liability component, we used an income approach, discounting the future contractual
cash flows due under the 2020 Notes by a market interest rate. The market interest rate was determined to be 8.69 . Assumptions used in the estimate represent what market participants would use in pricing the liability component, including market
interest rates, credit standing, and yield curves, all of which are defined as Level 2 observable inputs. The estimated implied interest rate was applied to the 2020 Notes, which resulted in a fair value of the liability component of 79.7 million
upon issuance, calculated as the present value of implied future payments based on the 115.0 million aggregate principal amount. The 31.3 million difference between the cash proceeds of 111.0 million and the estimated fair value of the liability
component was recorded in additional paid-in capital as the 2020 Notes. The liability component will be accreted to redemption value over the term of the 2020 Notes. Stock-Based Compensation We account for stock-based
compensation to employees in accordance with the fair value method of accounting for stock-based compensation arrangements which requires us to expense the estimated fair value of non-cash, stock-based payments to employees. Share-based payment
transactions with employees are recognized in the financial statements based on their fair value and recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. 
 We grant options to purchase our common stock to our employees, directors and non-employees under our 2007 equity
incentive award plan. Stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was 11.6 million, 7.6 million and 6.6 million, respectively. At December 31, 2013, total unrecognized estimated stock-based
compensation expense related to non-vested stock options granted prior to that date was 28.1 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.1 years. 
 We calculate the fair value of stock option grants using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of the
fair value of stock-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model is affected by our stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited
to, our expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, risk-free interest rate and the expected term of the awards. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 The weighted average expected life of options was calculated using the
simplified method as prescribed by the Securities Exchange Commission. This decision was based on the lack of relevant historical data due to our limited historical experience. For options granted during the year ended December 31, 2013, we
have calculated a weighted average expected term of 6.0 years. In addition, due to our limited historical data, the estimated volatility incorporates the historical volatility of comparable companies whose share prices are publicly available. For
purposes of estimating the fair value of stock options granted during 2013, 2012 and 2011 using the Black-Scholes model, we used an estimated weighted average stock price volatility of 92.7 , 87.5 and 76.0 , respectively. 
 The risk-free interest rate assumption was based on the United States Treasury s rates for U.S. Treasury
zero-coupon bonds with maturities similar to those of the expected term of the award being valued (weighted-average risk-free interest rate of 1.2 for the year ended December 31, 2013). The assumed dividend yield was based on our expectation
of not paying dividends in the foreseeable future. For 2013, 2012 and 2011, we have reduced stock-based
compensation expense recognized in the Statement of Operations to reflect estimated forfeitures. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those
estimates. Pre-vesting forfeitures were estimated to be approximately 10.0 for all years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 based on historical experience. 
 Equity instruments issued to non-employees are recorded at their fair value and are periodically revalued as the equity
instruments vest and are recognized as expense over the related service period. Income Taxes 
 We follow the provisions of the Income Taxes Topic of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, that defines a
recognition threshold and measurement attributes for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax provision taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The topic also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest
and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. Under the topic, the impact of an uncertain income tax position on the income tax return must be recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be
sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50 likelihood of being sustained. 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax basis
of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates which will be in effect when the differences reverse. We provide a valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets unless, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that the
deferred tax asset will be realized. Results of Operations 
 Comparison of year ended December 31, 2013 to year ended December 31, 2012 
 Revenues. Revenues for each of the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were 3.4 million and represent
revenue recognized under our collaboration agreement with Takeda. Research and Development
Expenses. Research and development expenses decreased to 56.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 from 73.7 million in 2012. This decrease of approximately 16.9 million was due primarily to a decrease in
expenses in connection with the Light Study, related proprietary product formulation work and consulting activities of 23.2 million. The decrease was partially offset by increases in salaries and personnel related costs of 3.0 million, stock-based
compensation expense of 1.6 million and expenses related to regulatory filings of 1.3 million. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative
expenses increased to 23.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 from 20.0 million in 2012. This increase of approximately 3.9 million was due primarily to increases in stock-based compensation expense of approximately 2.4
million, professional fees of 1.0 million and salaries and personnel related costs of approximately 837,000. 
 Interest Income. Interest income decreased to 65,000 for the year ended December 31, 2013 from 147,000
in 2012. This decrease of approximately 82,000 was primarily due to a decrease in average investment balances and lower interest rates as compared to 2012. Interest Expense. Interest expense increased to 538,000 for the year ended December 31, 2013 from 2,000 in 2012. This increase of approximately 536,000 was primarily due to 220,000 in
interest accrued for the 2020 Notes and 315,000 in amortization of the discount of the liability component of the 2020 Notes. 
 Comparison of year ended December 31, 2012 to year ended December 31, 2011 
 Revenues. Revenues for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 were 3.4 million and 4.4 million,
respectively. The decrease of approximately 1.0 million was due to the decrease in revenue recognized under the license agreement with Cypress of 971,000. Research and Development Expenses. Research and development expenses increased to 73.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 from 12.8 million in 2011. This increase of
approximately 60.9 million was due primarily to an increase in expenses in connection with the Light Study, related proprietary product formulation work and consulting activities of 61.9 million. The increase was partially offset by a
decrease in salaries and personnel related costs of 1.9 million. Research and development expenses for 2011 included employee termination costs of 2.6 million as a result of our corporate realignment. 
 General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses increased to 20.0 million for
the year ended December 31, 2012 from 19.5 million in 2011. This increase of approximately 500,000 was due primarily to an increase in market research costs of 858,000 and an increase in stock-based compensation expense of approximately
 752,000. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in salaries and personnel related costs of approximately 1.2 million. General and administrative expenses for 2011 included employee termination costs of 1.4 million as a result of our
corporate realignment. Interest Income. Interest income increased to 147,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2012 from 46,000 in 2011. This increase of approximately 101,000 was primarily due to higher interest rates and an increase in investment balances as compared to 2011. 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense decreased to 2,000 for the year ended December 31, 2012 from
 221,000 in 2011. This decrease of 219,000 was due to the debt under the credit and security agreement with GE Healthcare Financial Services being paid in full in July 2011. Liquidity and Capital Resources Since inception, our
operations have been financed primarily through the issuance of equity and debt securities. Through December 31, 2013, we received net proceeds of approximately 574.2 million from the issuance of equity and debt securities as follows:

from September 12, 2002 to December 31, 2006, we issued and sold a total of 1,053,572 shares of common stock for aggregate net
proceeds of 14,801; 

in March 2004, we issued and sold a total of 9,322,035 shares of Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock for aggregate net
proceeds of 9.2 million and the conversion of promissory notes and interest thereon totaling 1.7 million; 
 87 

Table of Contents 

from April 2005 to May 2005, we issued and sold 14,830,509 shares of Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock for aggregate net
proceeds of 34.9 million; 

in November 2006, we issued and sold a total of 8,771,930 shares of Series C convertible preferred stock for aggregate net proceeds of
 29.9 million; 

in May 2007, we issued and sold a total of 8,050,000 shares of common stock for aggregate net proceeds of 87.9 million;

in January and February 2008, we issued and sold a total of 7,326,435 shares of common stock for aggregate net proceeds of 74.9 million;

in July 2009, we issued and sold a total of 11,500,000 shares of common stock for aggregate net proceeds of 81.6 million;

in December 2011, we issued and sold a total of 5,646,173 shares of common stock and common stock warrants to purchase up to 56,461,730 shares for
aggregate net proceeds of 86.9 million; 

in October 2012, we issued and sold a total of 11,000,000 shares of common stock for aggregate net proceeds of 56.5 million; and

in December 2013, we issued the 2020 Notes for aggregate net proceeds of 110.5 million. 
 As of December 31, 2013, we had 98.1 million in cash and cash equivalents and an additional 78.9 million
in investment securities, available-for-sale. As of December 31, 2013, our holdings primarily consisted of treasury-backed money market funds, treasuries and other instruments that are insured, guaranteed or supported by the U.S. federal
government. We maintain established guidelines relating to diversification and maturities of our investments to preserve principal and maintain liquidity. Net cash used in operating activities was 70.8 million and 68.3 million for 2013 and 2012, respectively. Net cash used in each of these periods was primarily a result of external research and
development expenses, clinical trial costs, personnel-related costs, third-party supplier and manufacturer expenses and professional fees. Net cash used in investing activities was 21.3 million and 13.3 million for 2013 and 2012, respectively. These amounts are primarily the result of the net purchases and maturities of investment
securities. Net cash provided by financing activities was 111.9 million and 58.3 million for 2013
and 2012, respectively. The net cash provided by financing activities for 2013 was primarily as a result of the issuance of the 2020 Notes for aggregate net proceeds of 110.5 million. The net cash provided by financing activities for 2012 was
primarily as a result of the public sale of our common stock in October 2012 for aggregate net proceeds of 56.5 million. We cannot be certain if, when or to what extent we will receive cash inflows from the commercialization of our product candidates. We will incur substantial additional development expenses to conduct the
Light Study for NB32 and to develop Empatic. We initiated the Light Study in June 2012. Prior to its commencement, we anticipated that the costs to conduct the Light Study to the interim analysis would be approximately 100.0 million. We believe the
costs we have incurred to date and expect to incur in the future in connection with the conduct of the Light Study are consistent with our original projection. Until we finalize any future development plans for Empatic, including based on additional
feedback from the FDA and our ability to secure a collaboration partner, we are not able to estimate the expenses required to further develop Empatic. We have entered into license agreements to acquire the rights to develop and commercialize NB32 and Empatic. Pursuant to these agreements, we obtained exclusive and non-exclusive licenses to the patent
rights and know-how for selected indications and territories. Under our license agreement with Duke University, we issued 442,624 shares of our common stock in March 2004 and may be required to make future milestone payments
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

totaling up to 1.7 million upon the achievement of various milestones related to regulatory or commercial events. Under our license agreement with Lee Dante, M.D., we issued an option to
purchase 73,448 shares of our common stock in April 2004. We also paid Dr. Dante an upfront fee of 100,000 and, in September 2010, we paid him an additional 1.0 million upon the execution of the collaboration agreement with Takeda. In the
future, we may be obligated to pay royalties to Dr. Dante related to certain revenues we receive in connection with any sublicense agreements we enter into, including our collaboration agreement with Takeda. Under our license agreement with
Oregon Health Science University, we issued 76,315 shares of our common stock in December 2003 and paid an upfront fee of 65,000. Under these three agreements, we are also obligated to pay royalties on any net sales of the licensed
products. Our future capital uses and requirements depend on numerous factors. These factors include but are
not limited to the following: 

the rate of progress and cost of the Light Study, and the scope, cost and timing of any additional clinical trials required for NB32 and clinical
trials for Empatic, including expenses to support the trials and milestone payments that may become payable, and the decisions we make with respect to the continued development of such product candidates; 

the extent to which we in-license, acquire or invest in other indications, products, technologies and businesses; 

the terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing, co-promotion or other arrangements that we may establish with respect to NB32 or Empatic;

the costs of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities in order to commercialize NB32 if and when it is approved for marketing,
should we elect to do so; 

the costs involved in enforcing or defending patent claims or other intellectual property rights; 

the costs and timing of regulatory approvals for NB32 and Empatic, if at all; and 

the successful commercialization of our products, if approved. 
 Although it is difficult to predict future liquidity requirements, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents
and investment securities, available-for-sale will be sufficient to meet our projected operating requirements through the next 12 months. Until we can generate significant cash from our operations, we expect to continue to fund our operations with existing cash resources, proceeds of potential offerings of our equity securities, debt,
potential milestone payments under existing our existing collaboration agreement, receivables or royalty financings and potential future corporate collaborations and licensing arrangements. However, we cannot be sure that our existing cash and
investment resources will be adequate, that additional financing will be available when needed or that, if available, financing will be obtained on terms favorable to us or our stockholders. Having insufficient funds may require us to delay, scale
back or eliminate some or all of our development programs and/or our pre-commercialization and commercialization activities, relinquish some or even all rights to product candidates or renegotiate less favorable terms than we would otherwise choose.
Failure to obtain adequate financing also may adversely affect our ability to operate as a going concern. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, substantial dilution to existing stockholders would likely result. Debt, receivables
and royalty financings may be coupled with an equity component, such as warrants to purchase stock, which could also result in dilution of our existing stockholders ownership. If we raise additional funds through debt, receivables or royalty
financings, the terms of such financings may involve significant cash payment obligations as well as covenants and specific financial requirements that may restrict our ability to operate our business. 
 Continued turbulence in the U.S. and international markets and economies may adversely affect our ability to obtain
additional financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If these market conditions continue, they may limit our ability to access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 The following table describes our long-term contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2013 (in
thousands): 

Payments Due by Periods 

Total 

Less Than 1 
Year 

1-3 Years 

4-5 Years 

After 

Debt obligations 

115,000 

115,000 

Interest on debt obligations (1) 

21,874 

3,163 

6,325 

6,325 

6,061 

Purchase obligations 

13,013 

13,013 

Operating lease obligations 

3,695 

815 

2,138 

742 

Total 

153,582 

16,991 

8,463 

7,067 

121,061 

(1) 
 Interest on the 2020 Notes calculated at 2.75 
 We have not included certain license obligations which may require additional payments of up to 1.7 million due
upon the occurrence of certain milestones related to regulatory or commercial events. We may also be required to pay royalties on any net sales of the licensed products. License payments may increase based on the timing of various milestones and the
extent to which the licensed technologies are pursued for other indications. These milestone payments and royalty payments under our license agreements are not included in the table above because we cannot, at this time, determine when or if the
related milestones will be achieved or the events triggering the commencement of payment obligations will occur. We also enter into agreements with third parties to manufacture our product candidates, conduct our clinical trials and perform data collection and analysis. Our payment obligations under these agreements
depend upon the progress of our development programs. Therefore, we are unable at this time to estimate with certainty the future costs we will incur under these agreements. Recently Issued Accounting Standards Effective
January 1, 2013, we adopted FASB ASU No. 2013-02, Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . This accounting standard requires an entity to present either on
the face of the statement where income is presented or in the notes to the financial statements, significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income. The adoption of this guidance
did not have a material impact on our financial statements. In July 2013, the FASB issued authoritative
guidance for Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists, which provides explicit guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax
benefit when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward exists. The guidance is effective prospectively for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2013. We
intend to adopt this guidance in 2014, and we are currently evaluating the effect, if any, the adoption of this standard will have on our financial statements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have not engaged in any
off-balance sheet activities. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
 Our cash and cash equivalents and investment securities, available-for-sale, as of December 31, 2013
consisted primarily of money market funds and U.S. government agency securities. We do not have any auction rate securities on our balance sheet, as they are not permitted by our investment policy. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest
income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates, particularly because the majority of our investments are in short-term marketable debt securities. The primary objective of our investment activities
is to preserve principal while at the same time maximizing the income we receive from our investments without significantly increasing risk. Some of the securities that we invest in may be subject to market risk. This means that a change in
prevailing interest rates may cause the value of the investment to fluctuate. For example, if we purchase a security that was issued with a fixed interest rate and the prevailing interest rate later rises, the value of our investment will probably
decline. To minimize this risk, we intend to continue to maintain our portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term investments in a variety of securities including commercial paper, money market funds and government and non-government debt
securities, all with various maturities. In general, money market funds are not subject to market risk because the interest paid on such funds fluctuates with the prevailing interest rate. 
 Our cash is invested in accordance with an investment policy approved by our board of directors which specifies the
categories, allocations, and ratings of securities we may consider for investment. We do not believe our cash, cash equivalents and investment securities have significant risk of default or illiquidity. We made this determination based on
discussions with our investment advisors and a review of our holdings. While we believe our cash, cash equivalents and investment securities are well diversified and do not contain excessive risk, we cannot provide assurance that in the future our
investments will not be subject to adverse changes in market value. In addition, domestic and international
equity markets have experienced and may continue to experience heightened volatility and turmoil based on domestic and international economic conditions and concerns. In the event these economic conditions and concerns continue and the markets
continue to remain volatile, our results of operations could be adversely affected by those factors in many ways, including making it more difficult for us to raise funds if necessary and our stock price may further decline. In addition, we maintain
significant amounts of cash and cash equivalents that are not federally insured. If economic instability continues, we cannot provide assurance that we will not experience losses on these investments. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Page Number 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

93 

Balance Sheets 

94 

Statements of Operations 

95 

Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

96 

Statements of Stockholders Equity 

97 

Statements of Cash Flows 

98 

Notes to Financial Statements 

99 

92 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. We have audited the accompanying
balance sheets of Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2013. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. at December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2013, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have
audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in
Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 Framework) and our report dated March 13, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 San Diego, California March 13, 2014 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 OREXIGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and par value amounts) 

December 31, 

2013 

2012 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

98,121 

78,332 

Investment securities, available-for-sale 

78,875 

59,071 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

1,286 

1,491 

Total current assets 

178,282 

138,894 

Property and equipment, net 

630 

83 

Other long-term assets 

1,032 

Restricted cash 

177 

177 

Total assets 

180,121 

139,154 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

4,787 

3,811 

Accrued clinical trial expenses 

7,886 

13,529 

Accrued expenses 

6,751 

4,345 

Deferred revenue, current portion 

3,429 

3,429 

Total current liabilities 

22,853 

25,114 

Long-term convertible debt 

80,031 

Deferred revenue, less current portion 

35,143 

38,571 

Other long-term liabilities 

232 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, 0.001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2013 and 2012, no shares issued
and outstanding at December 31, 2013 and 2012 

Common stock, 0.001 par value, 300,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2013 and 2012; 104,970,200 and
84,413,670 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively 

105 

84 

Additional paid-in capital 

556,235 

512,174 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

(3) 

15 

Accumulated deficit 

(514,475) 

(436,804) 

Total stockholders equity 

41,862 

75,469 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

180,121 

139,154 

See accompanying notes. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 OREXIGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2013 

2012 

2011 

Revenues: 

Collaborative agreement 

3,428 

3,428 

3,428 

License revenue 

971 

Total revenues 

3,428 

3,428 

4,399 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

56,748 

73,680 

12,780 

General and administrative 

23,878 

19,987 

19,502 

Total operating expenses 

80,626 

93,667 

32,282 

Loss from operations 

(77,198) 

(90,239) 

(27,883) 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

65 

147 

46 

Interest expense 

(538) 

(2) 

(221) 

Total other income (expense) 

(473) 

145 

(175) 

Net loss 

(77,671) 

(90,094) 

(28,058) 

Net loss per share basic and diluted 

(0.80) 

(1.27) 

(0.58) 

Shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share 

96,491 

70,739 

48,273 

See accompanying notes. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 OREXIGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2013 

2012 

2011 

Net Loss 

(77,671) 

(90,094) 

(28,058) 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities 

(18) 

17 

7 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

(18) 

17 

7 

Comprehensive loss 

(77,689) 

(90,077) 

(28,051) 

See accompanying notes. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 OREXIGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In 
 Capital 

Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders 
 Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Balance at December 31, 2010 

47,767 

48 

352,401 

(9) 

(318,652) 

33,788 

Issuance of common stock and warrants, net of issuance costs 

5,646 

5 

86,906 

86,911 

Net exercise of warrants 

7,555 

7 

7 

Stock-based compensation expense 

6,599 

6,599 

Exercise of common stock options 

317 

1 

451 

452 

Unrealized gain on securities, available-for-sale 

7 

7 

Net loss 

(28,058) 

(28,058) 

Balance at December 31, 2011 

61,285 

61 

446,357 

(2) 

(346,710) 

99,706 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

11,000 

11 

56,520 

56,531 

Net exercise of warrants 

11,131 

11 

11 

Exercise of common stock options 

998 

1 

1,727 

1,728 

Stock-based compensation expense 

7,570 

7,570 

Unrealized gain on securities, available-for-sale 

17 

17 

Net loss 

(90,094) 

(90,094) 

Balance at December 31, 2012 

84,414 

84 

512,174 

15 

(436,804) 

75,469 

Net exercise of warrants 

19,895 

20 

20 

Exercise of common stock options 

616 

1 

1,074 

1,075 

Issuance of common stock for Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

45 

242 

242 

Issuance of convertible senior notes, equity portion, net of issuance costs 

31,178 

31,178 

Stock-based compensation expense 

11,567 

11,567 

Unrealized gain on securities, available-for-sale 

(18) 

(18) 
 
 Net loss 

(77,671) 

(77,671) 

Balance at December 31, 2013 

104,970 

105 

556,235 

(3) 

(514,475) 

41,862 

See accompanying notes. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 OREXIGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2013 

2012 

2011 

Operating activities 

Net loss 

(77,671) 

(90,094) 

(28,058) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Amortization of premium on investment securities, available-for-sale 

815 

500 

870 

Accretion of debt discount 

313 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

3 

191 

Depreciation 

94 

313 

443 

Loss on disposal of equipment 

42 

12 

Stock-based compensation 

11,567 

7,570 

6,599 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

205 

(365) 

1,376 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

(2,291) 

17,306 

(6,078) 
 
 Other assets 

(686) 

12 

Other long-term liabilities 

(14) 
 
 Deferred rent and lease incentives 

262 

(186) 

(157) 
 
 Deferred revenue 

(3,428) 

(3,428) 

(4,399) 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(70,817) 

(68,342) 

(29,203) 
 
 Investing activities 

Purchases of investment securities, available-for-sale 

(85,647) 

(78,921) 

(73,041) 
 
 Maturities and sales of investment securities, available-for-sale 

65,011 

65,211 

93,774 

Purchases of property and equipment 

(640) 

Restricted cash 

365 

339 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

(21,276) 

(13,345) 

21,072 

Financing activities 

Payments on borrowings on long-term debt 

(2,416) 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes, net 

110,545 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants 

1,337 

58,270 

87,370 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

111,882 

58,270 

84,954 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

19,789 

(23,417) 

76,823 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

78,332 

101,749 

24,926 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

98,121 

78,332 

101,749 

Supplemental Disclosure 

Interest paid 

29 

Unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities, available-for-sale 

(18) 

17 

7 

See accompanying notes. 

 98 

Table of Contents 

 OREXIGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 1. Organization and Basis of Presentation 
 Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company ), a Delaware corporation, is a biopharmaceutical
company focused on the development of pharmaceutical product candidates for the treatment of obesity. The Company was incorporated in September 2002 and commenced operations in 2003. 
 The Company s primary activities since incorporation have been organizational activities, including recruiting
personnel, conducting research and development, including clinical trials, and raising capital. The Company has experienced losses since its inception, and as of December 31, 2013, had an accumulated deficit of 514.5 million. The Company
expects to continue to incur losses for at least the next several years. Successful transition to attaining profitable operations is dependent upon achieving a level of revenues adequate to support the Company s cost structure, and until that
time, the Company may need to continue to raise additional equity or debt financing. 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase to
be cash equivalents. Investment Securities, Available-for-Sale 
 The Company classifies all investment securities as available-for-sale, as the sale of such securities may be required
prior to maturity to implement management strategies. These investment securities are carried at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses reported as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until realized. The cost of debt securities is
adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such amortization and accretion, as well as interest and dividends, are included in interest income. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale
securities, if any, are determined on a specific identification basis and are also included in interest income. 
 Restricted Cash As of December 31, 2013, restricted cash represents a certificate of deposit pledged as collateral for a letter of credit issued by the Company in connection with the execution of an operating lease.
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued expenses are considered to be
representative of their respective fair value because of the short-term nature of these items. Investment securities, available-for-sale, are carried at fair value. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and
cash equivalents and investment securities, available-for-sale. The Company maintains deposits in federally insured financial institutions in excess of federally insured limits. However, management believes the Company is not exposed to significant
credit risk due to the financial position of the depository institutions in which these deposits are held. Additionally, the Company has established guidelines regarding the diversification of its investments and their maturities, which are designed
to maintain safety and liquidity. Concentration of Revenue 
 Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Takeda accounted for 100 , 100 and 78 of revenue for the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Cypress Bioscience, Inc. Cypress accounted for 0 , 0 and 22 of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 
 Property and Equipment Property and equipment is stated at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets (three to five years) using the straight-line method. Leasehold improvements are stated at cost and
amortized over the shorter of their useful lives or the lease term. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 The Company will record impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations when events and circumstances indicate
that assets might be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the carrying amount of those assets. The Company has not recognized any impairment losses as of December 31, 2013. 
 Research and Development Costs All research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred and consist principally of costs related to clinical trials managed by the Company s contract research organizations, license
fees and salaries and related benefits. Clinical trial costs are a significant component of research and development expenses. These costs are accrued based on estimates of work performed, and require estimates of total costs incurred based on
patients enrolled, progress of clinical studies and other events. Clinical trial costs are subject to revision as the trials progress and revisions are charged to expense in the period in which they become known. 
 Patent Costs All costs related to filing and pursuing patent applications are expensed as incurred as recoverability of such expenditures is uncertain. 
 Income Taxes Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates which will be in effect when the
differences reverse. The Company provides a valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets unless, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be realized. 
 The Company follows the provisions of the Income Taxes Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification that defines a recognition threshold and measurement attributes for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
 
 100

Table of Contents 

in a tax return. Under the Income Taxes Topic, the impact of an uncertain income tax position on the income tax return must be recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50 likelihood of being sustained. 
 Revenue Recognition The Company has entered into agreements with Takeda and Cypress which contain multiple elements, including nonrefundable upfront fees, payments for reimbursement of research costs, payments associated
with achieving specific development milestones and royalties based on specified percentages of net product sales, if any. Prior to the revised multiple element and milestone method of revenue recognition guidance adopted by the Company on January 1, 2011, nonrefundable, up-front license fees and milestone payments with
standalone value that are not dependent on any future performance by the Company under the agreements were recognized as revenue upon the earlier of when payments are received or collection is assured, but were deferred if the Company has continuing
performance obligations. If the Company had continuing involvement through contractual obligations under such agreements, such up-front fees were deferred and recognized over the period for which the Company continued to have a performance
obligation. Both the Takeda and Cypress agreements had continuing obligations, and as a result the up-front fees were deferred upon receipt. Effective January 1, 2011, for multiple element agreements entered into or materially modified after December 31, 2010, the Company follows the provisions of ASU No. 2009-13. In order to
account for the multiple-element arrangements, the Company identifies the deliverables included within the agreement and evaluates which deliverables represent separate units of accounting. Analyzing the arrangement to identify deliverables requires
the use of judgment, and each deliverable may be an obligation to deliver services, a right or license to use an asset, or another performance obligation. A delivered item is considered a separate unit of accounting when the delivered item has value
to the partner on a standalone basis based on the consideration of the relevant facts and circumstances for each arrangement. Factors considered in this determination include the research capabilities of the partner and the availability of research
expertise in this field in the general marketplace. Arrangement consideration is allocated at the inception of the agreement to all identified units of accounting based on their relative selling price. The relative selling price for each deliverable
is determined using vendor-specific objective evidence, or VSOE, of selling price or third-party evidence of selling price if VSOE does not exist. If neither VSOE nor third-party evidence of selling price exists, we use our best estimate of the
selling price for the deliverable. The amount of allocable arrangement consideration is limited to amounts that are fixed or determinable. The consideration received is allocated among the separate units of accounting, and the applicable revenue
recognition criteria are applied to each of the separate units. Changes in the allocation of the sales price between delivered and undelivered elements can impact revenue recognition but do not change the total revenue recognized under any
agreement. Upfront license fee payments are recognized upon delivery of the license if facts and circumstances dictate that the license has standalone value from the undelivered items, which generally include research and development services and
the manufacture of drug products, the relative selling price allocation of the license is equal to or exceeds the upfront license fee, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, our price to the partner is fixed or determinable, and
collectability is reasonably assured. The adoption of this new accounting standard did not have a material impact on the Company s results of operations or financial position. 
 Upfront license fee payments are deferred if facts and circumstances dictate that the license does not have standalone
value. The determination of the length of the period over which to defer revenue is subject to judgment and estimation and can have a material impact on the amount of revenue recognized in a given period. 
 The terms of the Company s partnership agreements provide for milestone payments upon achievement of certain
regulatory/development and sales-based events. Effective January 1, 2011, the Company adopted on a 
 101

Table of Contents 

prospective basis the guidance under ASU No. 2010-17, Revenue Recognition-Milestone Method . Under the Milestone Method of accounting, the Company recognizes consideration that is
contingent upon the achievement of a milestone as revenue in the period in which the milestone is achieved only if the milestone is substantive. A milestone is considered substantive when it meets all of the following three criteria: 1) the
consideration is commensurate with either the entity s performance to achieve the milestone or the enhancement of the value of the delivered item(s) as a result of a specific outcome resulting from the entity s performance to achieve the
milestone, 2) the consideration relates solely to past performance, and 3) the consideration is reasonable relative to all of the deliverables and payment terms within the arrangement. A milestone is defined as an event (i) that can only be
achieved based in whole or in part on either the entity s performance or on the occurrence of a specific outcome resulting from the entity s performance, (ii) for which there is substantive uncertainty at the date the arrangement is
entered into that the event will be achieved and (iii) that would result in additional payments being due to the Company. The adoption of this new accounting standard did not have a material impact on the Company s results of operations or
financial position. Royalties to be received based on sales of the Company s licensed products by
partners will be recognized as earned. Convertible Senior Notes 
 In December 2013, the Company issued 115.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.75 convertible senior notes due
2020 (the 2020 Notes ). The 2020 Notes are accounted for in accordance with FASB ASC 470, formerly FSP APB 14-1, Accounting for Convertible Debt Instruments That May be Settled in Cash upon Conversion (Including Partial Cash
Settlement). ASC Subtopic 470-20 requires the issuer of convertible debt that may be settled in shares or cash upon conversion at their option, such as the 2020 Notes, to account for the liability (debt) and equity (conversion option) components
separately. The guidance requires the carrying amount of the liability component to be estimated by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated conversion feature. To measure the fair value of the liability
component, the Company used an income approach, discounting the future contractual cash flows due under the 2020 Notes by a market interest rate. The market interest rate was determined to be 8.69 . Assumptions used in the estimate represent what
market participants would use in pricing the liability component, including market interest rates, credit standing, and yield curves, all of which are defined as Level 2 observable inputs. The estimated implied interest rate was applied to the 2020
Notes, which resulted in a fair value of the liability component of 79.7 million upon issuance, calculated as the present value of implied future payments based on the 115.0 million aggregate principal amount. The 31.3 million difference between
the cash proceeds of 111.0 million and the estimated fair value of the liability component was recorded in additional paid-in capital as the 2020 Notes. The liability components will be accreted to redemption value over the term of the 2020 Notes.
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 The Company measures and recognizes compensation expense for all stock-based payment awards made to employees,
non-employee directors and consultants, including stock options and employee stock purchases related to the Company s 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, based on estimated fair values. Compensation costs related to all equity instruments
granted are recognized at the grant-date fair value of the awards. Additionally, the Company includes an estimate of the number of awards that will be forfeited in calculating compensation costs, which is recognized over the requisite service period
of the awards on a straight-line basis. No related tax benefits of the share-based compensation costs have been recognized since the Company s inception. 
 102

Table of Contents 

 The fair value of each option award was estimated on the date of grant using
the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The following weighted-average assumptions were utilized for the calculations during each period: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2013 

2012 

2011 

Expected life (in years) 

6.0 

6.0 

6.0 

Expected volatility 

92.7 

87.5 

76.0 

Risk-free interest rate 

1.2 

1.1 

2.0 

Expected dividend yield 

0.0 

0.0 

0.0 

Per share grant-date fair value 

4.35 

2.26 

1.38 
 
 The weighted average expected life of options was calculated using the simplified method
as prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). This decision was based on the lack of relevant historical data due to the Company s limited historical experience. In addition, due to the Company s limited
historical data, the estimated volatility incorporates the historical volatility of comparable companies whose share prices are publicly available. The risk-free interest rate assumption was based on the United States Treasury s rates for
U.S. Treasury zero-coupon bonds with maturities similar to those of the expected term of the award being valued. The assumed dividend yield was based on the Company s expectation of not paying dividends in the foreseeable future.
 Total stock-based compensation expense recognized during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 was comprised of the following (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2013 

2012 

2011 

General and administrative 

8,162 

5,755 

5,003 

Research and development 

3,405 

1,815 

1,596 

11,567 

7,570 

6,599 

At December 31, 2013, total unrecognized estimated share-based compensation expense
related to non-vested stock options granted prior to that date was 28.1 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.1 years. 
 Equity instruments issued to non-employees are recorded at their fair value and are periodically revalued as the equity
instruments vest and are recognized as expense over the related service period. In connection with the issuance of options to purchase shares of common stock to non-employees, the Company recorded total stock-based compensation (included in the
table above) within stockholders equity totaling 0, 0 and 54,000 for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Comprehensive Loss The Company records all
components of comprehensive income, including net income, in the financial statements in the period in which they are recognized. Comprehensive loss consists of net loss and certain changes in stockholders equity that are excluded from net
loss. Comprehensive loss for each of the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 has been reflected in the Statements of Comprehensive Loss. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), which is included in Stockholders Equity,
represents unrealized gains and losses on investment securities, available-for-sale. Comprehensive loss
includes net loss and unrealized gains and losses on investments. The Company discloses the accumulated balance of other comprehensive loss as a separate component of stockholder s equity. 
 103

Table of Contents 

 Net Loss Per Share 
 Basic net loss per share is calculated by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding for the period less the weighted average number of shares subject to repurchase. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of basic shares plus common stock equivalents outstanding
during the period determined using the treasury stock method, if dilutive. Stock options, warrants and the shares underlying the 2020 Notes are considered to be common stock equivalents and were not included in the net loss per share calculation for
the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 because the inclusion of such underlying shares would have had an anti-dilutive effect. 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 

2013 

2012 

2011 

Historical 

Numerator: 

Net loss 

(77,671) 

(90,094) 

(28,058) 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

96,491 

70,739 

48,273 

Denominator for basic and diluted net loss per share 

96,491 

70,739 

48,273 

Net loss per share basic and diluted 

(0.80) 

(1.27) 

(0.58) 

Historical outstanding anti-dilutive securities not included in the diluted net loss per
share calculation include the following (in thousands): 

As of December 31, 

2013 

2012 

2011 

Shares underlying convertible senior notes 

14,042 

Common stock warrants outstanding 

17,870 

37,768 

48,902 

Common stock options outstanding 

16,902 

13,839 

10,586 

48,814 

51,607 

59,488 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 Effective January 1, 2013, the Company adopted FASB ASU No. 2013-02, Comprehensive Income (Topic 220):
Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . This accounting standard requires an entity to present either on the face of the statement where income is presented or in the notes to the financial statements,
significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 
 In July 2013, the FASB issued authoritative guidance for Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating
Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists, which provides explicit guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax
credit carryforward exists. The guidance is effective prospectively for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2013. The Company intends to adopt this guidance in 2014, and is currently evaluating the
effect, if any, the adoption of this standard will have on the Company s financial statements. 
 3. Investment Securities, Available-for-Sale 
 The Company invests its excess cash in investment securities, principally debt instruments of financial
institutions, corporations with investment grade credit ratings and government agencies. Regardless of maturity 
 104

Table of Contents 

date, the Company intends to use all available-for-sale securities in current operations; therefore, these assets have been classified as short-term. A summary of the estimated fair value of
investment securities, available-for-sale, is as follows at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012 (in thousands): 

December 31, 2013 
 
 Maturity in Years 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Unrealized 

Fair Value 

Gains 

Losses 

U.S. government agency securities 
 
 Less than 1 

77,877 

4 

(7) 

77,874 

U.S. Treasury securities 
 
 Less than 1 

1,001 

1,001 

Total investment securities 

78,878 

4 

(7) 

78,875 

December 31, 2012 
 
 Maturity in Years 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Unrealized 

Fair Value 

Gains 

Losses 

U.S. government agency securities 
 
 Less than 1 

49,923 

14 

49,937 

U.S. government agency securities 
 
 1 to 2 

9,133 

1 

9,134 

Total investment securities 

59,056 

15 

59,071 

Gross realized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities were immaterial during
the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011. 
 4. Fair Value Measurements 
 The following table presents information about the Company s financial assets measured at fair
value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2013, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques utilized by the Company to determine such fair value. In general, fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted
prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. The Company classifies money market funds as Level 1 assets. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize inputs other than
quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs other than quoted prices that are
observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. The Company classifies commercial paper holdings, U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. government agency securities and
asset-backed security holdings as Level 2 assets. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. The Company does not hold any
Level 3 assets. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its
entirety falls has been determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in
its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. Assets that
have recurring measurements are shown below (in thousands): 

Fair Value Measurement at Reporting Date Using 

Description 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2013 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level
1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Financial instruments owned: 

Money market funds 

96,910 

96,910 

U.S. Treasury securities 

1,001 

1,001 

U.S. government agency securities 

77,874 

77,874 

Total financial instruments owned 

175,785 

96,910 

78,875 

105

Table of Contents 

Fair Value Measurement at Reporting Date Using 

Description 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2012 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Financial instruments owned: 

Money market funds 

77,630 

77,630 

U.S. government agency securities 

59,071 

59,071 

Total financial instruments owned 

136,701 

77,630 

59,071 

5. Property and Equipment 
 Property and equipment consists of the following (in thousands): 

December 31, 

Useful Life in Years 
 
 2013 

2012 

Furniture and fixtures 
 
 5 

1,079 

1,079 

Computer equipment and software 
 
 3 to 5 

422 

447 

Leasehold improvements 
 
 5 

557 

435 

Asset under construction 

518 

2,576 

1,961 

Accumulated depreciation 

(1,946) 

(1,878) 

Property and equipment, net 

630 

83 

Depreciation expense was 94,000, 313,000 and 443,000 for each of the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 
 6. Accrued Expenses 
 Accrued expenses consist of the following (in thousands): 

December 31, 

2013 

2012 

Accrued compensation related expenses 

4,774 

3,960 

Accrued research and development expenses 

1,273 

Accrued interest on convertible notes 

220 

Accrued legal and professional expenses 

355 

113 

Other accrued expenses 

129 

272 

6,751 

4,345 

7. Commitments and Contingencies 
 2.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2020 
 In December 2013, the Company issued 115.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.75 convertible senior notes due
2020 2020 Notes in an offering to qualified institutional buyers conducted in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Debt issuance costs of approximately 488,000 were primarily comprised of legal,
accounting and other professional fees, the majority of which were recorded in other noncurrent assets and are being amortized to interest expense over the seven-year term of the 2020 Notes. 
 106

Table of Contents 

 Upon conversion, the 2020 Notes will be settled in shares of the
Company s common stock (together with cash in lieu of any fractional shares). However, if the Company receives stockholder approval in accordance with the Nasdaq Listing Standards, the Company will settle conversions of the 2020 Notes through
payment or delivery, as the case may be, of cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination thereof, at the Company s election. The conversion rate for the Notes will initially be 122.1225 shares per 1,000 principal amount,
which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately 8.19 per share of common stock, and is subject to adjustment under the terms of the Notes. The 2020 Notes will mature on December 1, 2020, unless earlier repurchased or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. Prior to the close of business on the business day
immediately preceding September 1, 2020, holders may convert all or a portion of their 2020 Notes only under the following circumstances: (1) during any fiscal quarter commencing after March 31, 2014, if, for at least 20 trading days
(whether or not consecutive) during the 30 consecutive trading day period ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock on such trading day is greater than
or equal to 130 of the applicable conversion price on such trading day; (2) during the five consecutive business day period immediately following any ten consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which, for each
trading day of that measurement period, the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of notes for such trading day was less than 98 of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock on such trading day and the
applicable conversion rate on such trading day, or (3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions. On and after September 1, 2020 until the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders
may convert all or a portion of their 2020 Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Holders of the Notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or some of their Notes at 100 of their principal amount, plus
any accrued and unpaid interest, upon the occurrence of certain events. The Company pays 2.75 interest per
annum on the principal amount of the 2020 Notes semi-annually in arrears in cash on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2014. If a designated event, as defined in the indenture for the 2020 Notes, including, but
not limited to, a change in control, certain mergers or liquidation, occurs prior to the maturity date, subject to certain limitations, holders of the Notes may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of their 2020 Notes for cash at a
repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2020 Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. 
 The Company accounts separately for the liability and equity components of the 2020 Notes in accordance with
authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion. The guidance requires the carrying amount of the liability component to be estimated by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that does
not have an associated conversion feature. Because the Company has no outstanding non-convertible public debt, the Company determined that senior, unsecured corporate bonds traded on the market represent a similar liability to the 2020 Notes without
the conversion option. The Company estimated the implied interest rate of its 2020 Notes to be 8.69 , assuming no conversion option. Assumptions used in the estimate represent what market participants would use in pricing the liability component,
including market interest rates, credit standing, and yield curves, all of which are defined as Level 2 observable inputs. The estimated implied interest rate was applied to the 2020 Notes, which resulted in a fair value of the liability component
of 79.7 million upon issuance, calculated as the present value of implied future payments based on the 115.0 million in aggregate principal amount. The 31.3 million difference between the cash proceeds of 111.0 million and the estimated fair
value of the liability component was recorded in additional paid-in capital as the 2020 Notes. The liability component will be accreted to redemption value over the term of the 2020 Notes. 
 107

Table of Contents 

 A summary of the liability and equity components of the 2020 Notes is as
follows at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012 (in thousands): 

December 31, 

2013 

2012 

Principal amount of senior convertible notes outstanding 

115,000 

Unamortized discount of liability component 

(34,969) 

Long term convertible debt 

80,031 

Carrying value of equity component, net of issuance costs 

31,178 

Remaining amortization period of discount on the liability component 

7 years 

Operating Leases 
 In December 2007, the Company entered into an operating lease agreement for office facilities (corporate headquarters) in
San Diego, California. The term of the lease began in April 2008 and was for an initial term of 64 months. In February 2013, the Company entered into an amendment to extend its lease to September 2017. The monthly rental payments are adjusted
on an annual basis. As security for the lease, the landlord required a letter of credit, which is collateralized by a certificate of deposit of 177,000, which is included in restricted cash in the accompanying balance sheet at December 31,
2013. Rent expense is being recorded on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease. In September 2008,
the Company amended the lease to expand the office space at this location for a term of 52 months. In March 2012, the Company entered into a Partial Lease Termination Agreement with its landlord pursuant to which the Company decreased its total
leased office space at its corporate headquarters. The Agreement provided for, among other things, a one-time payment of 190,849 by the Company to the landlord and termination of the Company s payment obligations with respect to the terminated
premises. Future minimum payments under the operating leases as of December 31, 2013 are as follows (in
thousands): 

Years Ending December 31, 

2014 

815 

2015 

1,053 

2016 

1,085 

2017 

742 

2018 

3,695 

Total rent expense for each of the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was
approximately 1.1 million, 1.4 million and 1.6 million, respectively. Technology and License Agreements
 Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited 
 In September 2010, the Company entered into a collaboration agreement with Takeda to develop and commercialize NB32
(formerly referred to as Contrave), in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Under the terms of the collaboration agreement, the Company received a nonrefundable upfront cash payment of 50.0 million from Takeda and is eligible to receive
additional payments of over 1.0 billion upon achieving 
 108

Table of Contents 

certain anniversary, regulatory/development and sales-based milestones, including 100.0 million that can be achieved between the regulatory approval and the first commercial sale of NB32 in the
United States. The Company is also eligible to receive tiered royalty payments ranging from a minimum of 20 to a maximum of 35 , subject to customary reductions, on increasing levels of net sales in the United States, Canada and Mexico. In
accordance with the Company s continuing performance obligation of the collaboration, the upfront payment of 50.0 million is being deferred and recognized over 14.5 years, the estimated term of the agreement. For each of the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company recognized revenues under this agreement of 3.4 million. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, deferred revenue under this agreement totaled 38.6 million and 42.0 million, respectively. Also the
Company recorded receivables at December 31, 2013 and 2012 for approximately 77,000 and 14,000, respectively, for reimbursement by Takeda for certain commercial and patent costs permitted under the collaboration agreement, which were
accounted for as a reduction of the expenses reimbursed. The Company has assessed milestones under the
revised authoritative guidance for research and development milestones and determined that two regulatory/development milestone payments, 20.0 million due to the Company upon regulatory approval in the United States and 10.0 million due to the
Company upon the delivery of launch supplies to Takeda, meet the definition of a milestone as 1) they are events that can only be achieved in part on the Company s performance or upon the occurrence of a specific outcome resulting in the
Company s performance, (2) there was substantive uncertainty at the date the agreement was entered into that the event will be achieved, and (3) they result in additional payments being due to the Company. The third
regulatory/development milestone payment, 70.0 million due to the Company upon the first commercial sale in the United States, does not meet the definition of a milestone as Takeda is responsible for the commercialization of NB32. Sales-based
milestone payments currently do not meet these criteria and will not be classified as milestones as their achievement is solely based on the performance of Takeda. The Company has determined that the anniversary milestones do not meet the definition
of a milestone as the Company believes these payments are contingent solely upon the passage of time. Oregon
Health Science University In June 2003, the Company entered into a license agreement with
Oregon Health Science University OHSU ), whereby the Company acquired an assignment of any rights OHSU may have to a U.S. provisional patent application that the Company filed, which formed the basis for the
Company s subsequently issued patents. This license agreement was amended in November 2003, December 2006 and December 2007. As consideration for this license agreement, the Company paid an upfront fee of 65,000 and issued
76,315 shares of the Company s common stock to OHSU. The Company is also obligated to pay a royalty to OHSU on net sales for NB32 and any other products covered by the assigned patent rights. At December 31, 2013, no royalty payments
have been made or are payable under this agreement as the product has not been launched and sales have not commenced. The Company is also responsible for all prosecution and maintenance (including all costs associated with the enforcement) of any
patent applications, that stem from these assigned rights, and for any patents that have or may issue with respect thereto. OHSU has also licensed to the Company, on an exclusive basis, the issued patent underlying the in vitro model that the Company has used for screening combination therapies for impact on
neuronal activity. With respect to these rights, the Company was required to make a payment of 20,000 upon receipt of a pair of mice and is required to pay an additional 20,000 upon receipt of any additional pair of mice. OHSU is solely
responsible for the prosecution, maintenance and enforcement (including all costs associated therewith) of this patent; however the Company is required to pay 100 of expenses incurred by OHSU in the maintenance and prosecution of this patent. As of
December 31, 2013, the Company has paid a total of approximately 118,000 in connection with the maintenance and prosecution of this patent. In addition, OHSU has the right to not file any patent application or to abandon any patent or patent
application included in the patent rights, in which case it must provide the Company 60 days prior written notice and, in response, the Company may elect at its sole cost to pursue these actions. The Company s rights to this patent
extend through the expiration of the patent, which is expected to occur in 2024. 
 109

Table of Contents 

 Duke University 
 In March 2004, the Company entered into a patent license agreement (the Duke Agreement with Duke University Duke whereby the Company acquired, among other things, an exclusive worldwide license to a U.S. patent. As consideration for this license, the Company issued 442,624 shares of its common stock to Duke and may be required to
make future milestone payments totaling 1.7 million upon the achievement of various milestones related to regulatory or commercial events. The Company is also obligated to pay a royalty on net sales of products covered by the license. The Company
has the right to grant sublicenses to third parties, subject to an obligation to pay Duke a royalty on any revenue it receives under such sublicensing arrangements. In addition, the Company is obligated to pay Duke a specified royalty on sales of
products which are covered by certain of the Company s issued patents under the OHSU license agreement. At December 31, 2013, no such payments have been made or are payable under the Duke Agreement as the product has not been launched and
sales have not commenced. In January 2005, the Company sublicensed the technology to Cypress for a non-refundable upfront payment of 1.5 million. In January 2011, Cypress exercised its right to terminate the agreement. 
 The term of the Duke Agreement generally extends until the last licensed patent right expires, which is expected to occur
in 2023. Either party may terminate the agreement upon delivery of written notice if the other party commits fraud, willful misconduct, or illegal conduct of the other party with respect to the subject matter of the agreement. In addition, either
party may terminate the agreement upon delivery of written notice if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations and fails to remedy the breach within a specified period. The Company may also voluntarily terminate the agreement upon
delivery of written notice within a specified time period. Duke may terminate the agreement upon delivery of written notice if the Company fails to meet certain specified milestones of the agreement and fail to remedy such a breach within the
specified period. In addition, Duke may terminate the agreement upon specified bankruptcy, liquidation or receivership proceedings. Lee Dante, M.D. In June 2004, the Company entered
into a patent license agreement with Lee G. Dante, M.D. whereby the Company acquired an exclusive worldwide license to two U.S. patents. As consideration for this license, the Company paid upfront fees totaling 100,000 and granted
Dr. Dante an option to purchase 73,448 shares of its common stock. The Company was also obligated to pay a royalty on net sales of products covered by the license. In September 2010, the Company entered into an amendment to this license
agreement with Dr. Dante pursuant to which the Company agreed to, among other things, provide for a payment to Dr. Dante in the amount of 1 million upon the execution of its collaboration agreement with Takeda. The Company had the
right to grant sublicenses of the patented technology to third parties, subject to its obligation to pay Dr. Dante a royalty on any revenue it received from such arrangements. The agreement terminated when the last licensed patent right expired
in 2013. Cypress Bioscience, Inc. 
 In January 2005, the Company entered into a license agreement with Cypress whereby the Company sublicensed certain of its
rights under a patent license agreement with Duke to Cypress for specified uses. As consideration for this license, Cypress paid the Company non-refundable upfront fees of 1.5 million. Cypress could have required the Company to provide clinical
support for any of the specified uses over the term of the agreement. Accordingly, this 1.5 million was initially recognized over 17 years, the estimated life of the sublicensed patent. In January 2011, Cypress exercised its right to terminate
the agreement. The remaining deferred revenue was recognized in the quarter ending March 31, 2011. For
each of the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company recognized revenues under this agreement of 0, 0 and 971,000. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, deferred revenue under this agreement totaled 0 and 0, respectively.
 
 110

Table of Contents 

8. Stockholders Equity 
 Common Stock and Common Stock Warrants 
 In December 2011, the Company completed a public offering of 5,646,173 units. Each unit consists of one share of common
stock and a warrant to purchase ten shares of common stock, at a price to the public of 1.45 per share of common stock and 1.449 per warrant to purchase each share of common stock, which together comprise the purchase price of 15.94 per unit. Net
cash proceeds from the public offering were 86.9 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. The warrants issued in the transaction have an exercise price equal to 0.001 per share. Each warrant is
exercisable in whole or in part for a period of 10 years commencing on December 22, 2011. A holder of a warrant will not have the right to exercise any portion of the warrant if such holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own
in excess of 9.99 of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise of such warrant. These warrants may only be exercised pursuant to a cashless net exercise, whereby the exercise
price of the warrants is satisfied through the reduction in shares issued upon exercise equal in value to the exercise price. There are no provisions in the warrant agreement which would require the Company to settle the warrants through the
distribution of cash. The initial warrants provided for the purchase of up to 56,461,730 shares. A total of 19,895,061, 11,130,548 and 7,554,649 shares were issued upon warrant exercises in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Warrants to purchase an
aggregate of up to 17,869,618, 37,767,900 and 48,902,310 shares were outstanding as of December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. In October 2012, the Company completed a public offering of 11,000,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of 5.50 per share. Net cash proceeds from the public offering were
approximately 56.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company. Stock Options During 2004, the Company adopted the
2004 Stock Plan (the 2004 Plan under which, as amended, 3,159,275 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance to employees, directors and consultants of the Company. The 2004 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options,
non-statutory stock options and rights to purchase restricted stock to eligible recipients. Recipients of incentive stock options shall be eligible to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price equal to no less than the
estimated fair market value of such stock on the date of grant. The maximum term of options granted under the 2004 Plan is ten years. The options generally vest over four years, and some are immediately exercisable. At December 31, 2013, no
stock options are outstanding under the 2004 Plan. In February 2007, the Company s stockholders approved
the 2007 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the 2007 Plan ), which became effective in April 2007, under which 3,525,000 shares of common stock were initially reserved for future issuance to employees, directors and consultants of the
Company. Effective January 1, 2009, 2010 and 2011, the Board of Directors increased the shares available for issuance under the 2007 Plan by 1,721,666, 2,000,000 and 2,000,000 shares, respectively, in accordance with an evergreen 
provision. The 2007 Plan provides for the issuance of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, performance stock units, and other stock-based awards. The 2007 Plan has an initial term of ten years. As of the effectiveness of
the 2007 Plan, no additional shares will be granted under the 2004 Plan. The 2007 Plan was amended in October 2009 and February 2010 to provide for the reservation of 500,000 and 2,000,000 shares, respectively, of the Company s common stock to
be used exclusively for the grant of awards to individuals not previously an employee or non-employee director of the Company (or following a bona fide period of non-employment with the Company), as an inducement material to the individual s
entering into employment with the Company within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules. In June 2011, the 2007 Plan was amended to, among other things, add an additional 10,000,000 shares to the number of shares of common stock
authorized for issuance under the 2007 Plan, increase the number of shares to be added to the 2007 Plan automatically each January 1, starting with January 1, 2012, to the least of (i) 15 of the Company s outstanding common
stock on 
 111

Table of Contents 

the applicable January 1, (ii) 6,000,000 shares of common stock and (iii) a lesser number of shares of the Company s common stock determined by the Company s board of
directors, and increase the limitation on the number of shares that may be granted pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock option to 40,000,000 shares. At December 31, 2013, options to purchase 16,902,147 shares have been granted and
are outstanding under the 2007 Plan. In June 2011, to provide incentive to the employees of the Company to
continue their employment, the Company announced an option exchange program. Under the exchange program, eligible optionholders had an opportunity to exchange eligible stock options for a new stock option issued under the Company s 2007 equity
incentive award plan. The exercise price of the new option was 1.66 per share, which was the closing price of the Company s common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Market on the first business day after the expiration date of the
exchange offer. New options granted to employees vest over four years, with the shares vesting in equal monthly installments over 48 months. On July 22, 2011, the eligible optionholders exchanged options exercisable for an aggregate of
7,407,634 shares of common stock in the program. On July 25, 2011, the Company issued new stock options exercisable for an aggregate of 7,407,634 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 1.66 per share. As a result of the option
exchange program, the Company is recognizing additional stock-based compensation expense of 2.7 million over the four year vesting period of the new stock options. 
 In March 2011, to provide incentive to the employees of the Company to continue their employment while its management and
Board worked to update the Company s corporate strategy, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to certain outstanding option grants to provide for a one-time repricing of the exercise price of
such options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock held by employees (the Repricing ). The Repricing affected an aggregate of 1,443,150 shares of the Company s common stock subject to outstanding option grants (the
 Affected Grants ). An aggregate of 492,357 shares subject to the Affected Grants had an original exercise price of 5.89 (the September 2010 Grants and the remaining 950,793 shares had an exercise price of 9.31 (the
 January 2011 Grants ). The vesting commencement date for both the September 2010 Grants and the January 2011 Grants was January 18, 2011. The Compensation Committee chose to amend the September 2010 Grants and the January 2011 Grants
because they believed that the amendment of these grants would achieve the desired retentive affect for the Company s employees given the circumstances around the Company s recent corporate realignment. The exercise price of all Affected
Grants was amended in the Repricing to 2.94, the closing price of the Company s common stock on March 2, 2011. As a result of the Repricing, the Company is recognizing additional stock-based compensation expense of 819,000 over the four
year vesting period of the Affected Grants. The following table summarizes stock option activity for the 2004
and 2007 Plans: 

Number of Options 

Weighted Average Exercise
Price 

Outstanding at December 31, 2010 

8,035,827 

6.15 

Granted 

13,235,806 

2.41 

Exercised 

(317,379) 

1.43 

Forfeited 

(10,367,875) 

5.12 

Outstanding at December 31, 2011 

10,586,379 

1.92 

Granted 

4,268,125 

3.10 

Exercised 

(997,608) 

1.74 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

(18,002) 

3.44 

Outstanding at December 31, 2012 

13,838,894 

2.29 

Granted 

4,069,507 

5.77 

Exercised 

(616,184) 

1.78 

Forfeited 

(390,070) 

4.38 

Outstanding at December 31, 2013 

16,902,147 

3.10 

112

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding
under the 2007 Plan at December 31, 2013: 

Options Outstanding 

Options Exercisable 

Range of Exercise Prices 
 
 Number of Options 

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (In Years) 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 

Number of Options 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 

1.61 - 1.66 

5,978,634 

7.5 

1.66 

3,089,213 

1.66 

1.70 - 2.58 

4,949,401 

7.8 

2.19 

2,634,178 

2.14 

3.12 - 8.18 

5,974,112 

8.4 

5.30 

2,187,342 

4.95 

1.61 - 8.18 

16,902,147 

7.9 

3.10 

7,910,733 

2.73 

As of December 31, 2013, the aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding and
exercisable was approximately 43.7 million and 23.5 million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised was 3.1 million, 4.6 million and 531,000 during the year ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. At
December 31, 2013, the weighted average remaining contractual term for options exercisable was 7.6 years. Employee
Stock Purchase Plan In June 2013, the Company s stockholders approved the Company s 2013
Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ), which permits the Company s eligible employees to purchase shares of common stock, at semi-annual intervals, through periodic payroll deductions. Payroll deductions may not exceed 15 of the
participant s cash compensation subject to certain limitations, and the purchase price will not be less than 85 of the lower of the fair market value of the stock at either the beginning of the applicable Offering Period or the
Purchase Date. Each Offering Period is 24 months, with new Offering Periods commencing every six months on the dates of June 1 and December 1 of each year. Each Offering Period consists of four (4) six month purchase periods (each a
 Purchase Period during which payroll deductions of the participants are accumulated under the ESPP. The last business day of each Purchase Period is referred to as the Purchase Date. Purchase Dates are every six months on
the last business day of May and November. The assumptions used for the year ended December 31, 2013 and the resulting estimates of weighted-average fair value per share for stock purchased under the ESPP during 2013 are as follows: expected
term between 0.45 and 1.95 years; expected volatility between 46.6 and 72.8 , risk-free interest rate between 0.07 and 0.26 , and expected dividend yield of 0 . At December 31, 2013, total unrecognized estimated stock-based compensation
expense related to the ESPP was approximately 370,000, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 9 months. A total of 6,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock have been reserved for issuance
under the ESPP plan. 45,285 and 0 shares were issued under the ESPP during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Common stock reserved for future issuance consists of the following at December 31, 2013: 

Common stock warrants 

17,869,618 

Available for future issuance under ESPP 

5,954,715 

Stock options issued and outstanding 

16,902,147 

Authorized for future option grants 

3,938,042 

44,664,522 

113

Table of Contents 

9. Income Taxes 
 A reconciliation of income taxes to the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax
rate to the net loss is summarized as follows: 

December 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2013 

2012 

2011 

Income tax expense (benefit) at statutory rates 

(27,184) 

(31,532) 

(9,820) 
 
 State income tax, net of federal benefit 

(4,242) 

(5,073) 

(1,190) 
 
 Permanent items 

804 

359 

363 

FIN 48 

2,629 

69 

177 

Research and development credits 

(5,492) 

(344) 

(885) 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

760 

447 

2,251 

Removal of net operating losses and research and development credits 

110,861 

Change in valuation allowance eliminated net operating losses and R D credits 

(110,861) 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

32,725 

36,074 

9,104 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets as of December 31,
2013 and 2012 are shown below. A valuation allowance has been recognized to offset the net deferred tax assets as realization of such deferred tax assets has not met the more likely than not threshold. 

December 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2013 

2012 

Deferred tax assets: 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

63,794 

10,130 

Research and development credits 

4,752 

2,005 

Capitalized research and development expenditures 

2,859 

28,939 

Deferred revenue 

15,716 

17,113 

Stock-based compensation 

8,919 

5,830 

Other, net 

1,884 

1,284 

Total deferred tax assets 

97,924 

65,301 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

(85,330) 

(65,301) 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

12,594 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Convertible debt 

(12,594) 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

(12,594) 

At December 31, 2013, the Company has federal and state net operating loss
carryforwards of approximately 422.2 million and 396.5 million, respectively. The federal and state loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2024 and 2015, respectively, unless previously utilized. At December 31, 2013, the Company has
federal and state research and development tax credits of 16.9 million and 4.8 million, respectively. The federal research and development tax credits begin to expire in 2024 unless previously utilized and the state tax credits carry forward
indefinitely. Approximately 11.4 million of the net operating loss carryforwards relate to excess tax
deductions for stock compensation, the income tax benefit of which will be recorded as additional paid-in-capital if and when realized. 
 114

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, the utilization of the net operating loss and research and
development tax credit carryforwards is subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and similar state tax provisions due to ownership change limitations that have occurred previously or that
could occur in the future. These ownership changes limit the amount of the net operating loss and research and development tax credit carryforwards and other deferred tax assets that can be utilized to offset future taxable income and tax,
respectively. In general, an ownership change, as defined by Section 382 and 383, results from transactions increasing ownership of certain stockholders or public groups in the stock of the corporation by more than 50 percentage points
over a three-year period. The Company has completed an ownership change analysis in accordance with Section 382 from inception through December 31, 2013. As a result of the analysis, it was determined that the Company experienced several
ownership changes during this period with the last one occurring in December 2011. The analysis to determine the limitation of NOLs and credits as a result of the ownership changes has not been finalized. Based on our preliminary analysis of the
limitation of our net operating losses and federal credits, the Company has removed deferred tax assets for net operating losses of 254.1 million and 231.1 million for federal and state, respectively, and federal research and development
credits of 9.6 million from its deferred tax asset schedule and has recorded a corresponding decrease to its valuation allowance. When this analysis is finalized, the Company will reassess the amount of net operating losses and federal credits
subject to limitation under Section 382. Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, future changes in the deferred tax assets related to these tax attributes will not impact the Company s effective tax rate. 
 The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits at the
beginning and end of the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 (in thousands): 

December 31, 

2013 

2012 

2011 

Gross unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning of the year 

3,239 

3,134 

2,935 

Increases related to current year tax positions 

1,167 

105 

212 

Decreases related to prior year tax positions 

1,990 

(13) 
 
 Expiration of unrecognized tax benefits 

Gross unrecognized tax benefits at the end of the year 

6,396 

3,239 

3,134 

Due to the valuation allowance, none of the unrecognized tax benefits as of
December 31, 2013, if recognized, would reduce the Company s annual effective tax rate. The Company does not expect its unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the next 12 months. 
 The Company files income tax returns in the United States and in various state jurisdictions with varying statutes of
limitations. Due to net operating losses incurred, the Company s tax returns from inception to date are subject to examination by taxing authorities. The Company s policy is to recognize interest expense and penalties related to income tax
matters as a component of income tax expense. As of December 31, 2013, the Company had no interest or penalties accrued for uncertain tax positions. On September 13, 2013, the U.S. Treasury Department released final income tax regulations on the deduction and capitalization of expenditures related to tangible property. These final regulations
apply to tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2014, and may be adopted in earlier years. The Company does not intend to early adopt the tax treatment of expenditures to improve tangible property and the capitalization of inherently
facilitative costs to acquire tangible property as of January 1, 2013. The tangible property regulations will require the Company to make additional tax accounting method changes as of January 1, 2014; however, management does not
anticipate the impact of these changes to be material to the Company s consolidated financial position, its results of operations and its footnote disclosures. 
 The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was enacted into law during the first quarter of 2013 and reinstated the United
States federal research and development tax credit retroactively from January 1, 2012 through December 31, 2013. The effective tax rate for 2013 reflects a benefit of 2.8 million related to 2012 resulting from the retroactive extension of
the United States research and development tax credit. 
 115

Table of Contents 

10. Litigation 
 In May 2013, the Company received a shareholder demand alleging that certain option grants to the
Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, Michael A. Narachi, the Company s Chief Business Officer and acting-Chief Financial Officer, Joseph P. Hagan, and the Company s Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary,
Heather D. Turner, in 2011 were granted in excess of the 1,500,000 share limit set forth in Section 3.3 of the 2007 Plan as to the number of shares of the Company s common stock with respect to which one or more stock awards may be granted
to any one eligible participant during any of the Company s fiscal years. The Company refers to this limit as the 162(m) Award Limit. The Company s board of directors established a demand review committee composed of independent directors
to conduct an investigation with respect to the shareholder demand and to make recommendations to the Company s board of directors. The demand review committee engaged independent counsel as part of its investigation and evaluated (1) the
terms of the 2007 Plan, (2) the initial issuance procedures for the option grants to Mr. Narachi, Mr. Hagan and Ms. Turner during 2011, (3) the authority available to the compensation committee of the Company s board of
directors under its charter and the 2007 Plan, (4) the expectations of the award recipients and (5) the intent of the Company s board of directors and the compensation committee regarding the availability of an exemption from the
deductibility limitations of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code for such option grants. Following its investigation, the demand review committee determined that the 162(m) Award Limit first became effective as of June 2, 2011, and
that, therefore, awards granted under the 2007 Plan prior to June 2, 2011, did not count toward the 162(m) Award Limit. The demand review committee determined that the awards granted to Mr. Hagan between June 2, 2011 and
December 31, 2011 did not exceed the 162(m) Award Limit. The demand review committee further determined that the options granted to Mr. Narachi and Ms. Turner, including the portion of such awards in excess of the 162(m) Award Limit,
were validly approved under the 2007 Plan, although the portion of those awards in excess of the 162(m) Award Limit does not qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m). In September 2013, the compensation committee amended
the 2007 Plan, with the approval of the Company s board of directors, to take the following actions: (1) to clarify that the 162(m) Award Limit only applies to awards or the portion thereof intended to qualify as performance-based
compensation under Section 162(m); and (2) to confirm that the compensation committee has the authority to make awards in excess of the 162(m) Award Limit, which the Company refers to as the Plan Amendment. The Plan Amendment is deemed
effective as of June 10, 2011, consistent with the authority of the compensation committee as administrator of the 2007 Plan as of that date. Any grants under the 2007 Plan in excess of the 162(m) Award Limit are not intended to qualify as
performance-based compensation under Section 162(m). On December 6, 2013, a plaintiff claiming to
be a shareholder of the Company filed a derivative lawsuit purportedly on behalf of the Company against certain of the Company s officers and the members of the Company s board of directors in the United States District Court, for the
Southern District of California, captioned Wilkin v. Narachi, et al . On December 9, 2013, the same shareholder who made a demand on the board in May 2013 filed a derivative lawsuit purportedly on the Company s behalf against certain
of the Company s officers and current and former members of the Company s board of directors in the Superior Court for the State of California, County of San Diego, captioned Turgeman v. Narachi, et al . Both of the lawsuits assert
claims for breach of fiduciary duty, waste and unjust enrichment based on, among other things, the alleged grant of stock options to certain officers in excess of the 162(m) Award Limit, repricing stock options allegedly in violation of the
Company s equity incentive plan, the board of directors conduct in responding to the May 2013 shareholder demand, and making allegedly false and misleading statements. Both of the lawsuits seek, among other things, declaratory relief,
corporate governance reforms, rescission of certain stock option awards, rescission of the Plan Amendment, injunctive relief, damages, restitution, disgorgement and attorney s fees. Although the Company s management believes that the
claims lack merit and intends to defend against them vigorously, there are uncertainties inherent in any litigation and the Company cannot predict the outcome. However, the Company does not believe that the outcome would have a material adverse
effect on the Company. It is possible that securities class action litigation may be brought against the
Company following stock price declines related to the release of information regarding the Company s NB32 NDA or clinical trial results, 
 116

Table of Contents 

including the Light Study or related to the matters alleged in the May 2013 shareholder demand and/or the Plan Amendment. Any adverse determination in such litigation could subject the Company to
significant liabilities. 
 11. Employee Benefit Plan 
 The Company has a defined contribution 401(k) retirement plan which allows employees to contribute up
to 100 of their annual compensation up to the maximum annual amount prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company may elect to make a discretionary contribution or match a discretionary percentage of employee contributions. During the
years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company s matching contributions to the plan were approximately 262,000, 153,000 and 158,000 respectively. 
 12. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 
 The following financial information reflects all normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the
opinion of management, necessary for a fair statement of the results of the interim periods. Selected quarterly financial data for years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 are as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

Year Ended December 31, 2013 

1st Quarter 

2nd Quarter 

3rd Quarter 

4th Quarter 

Selected quarterly financial data: 

Revenues 

857 

857 

857 

857 

Total operating expenses 

20,255 

19,120 

19,438 

21,813 

Net loss 

(19,368) 

(18,246) 

(18,572) 

(21,485) 
 
 Net loss per share basic and diluted (1) 

(0.21) 

(0.19) 

(0.19) 

(0.21) 

Year Ended December 31, 2012 

1st Quarter 

2nd Quarter 

3rd Quarter 

4th Quarter 

Selected quarterly financial data: 

Revenues 

857 

857 

857 

857 

Total operating expenses 

11,312 

17,564 

31,457 

33,334 

Net loss 

(10,414) 

(16,661) 

(30,564) 

(32,455) 
 
 Net loss per share basic and diluted (1) 

(0.16) 

(0.25) 

(0.44) 

(0.41) 

(1) 
 Net loss per share is computed independently for each of the quarters presented. Therefore, the sum of the quarterly net loss per share will not
necessarily equal the total for the year. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any
controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of
possible controls and procedures. As required by Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 13a-15(b), we
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of 
 117

Table of Contents 

the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
at the reasonable assurance level. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and
expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the
company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Internal control over
financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject
to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material
misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the
process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief
financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Management has used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework published
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 Framework) to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on its evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2013, the end of our most recent fiscal year. Ernst Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued a report on the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting, which is included below. There has been no change in our internal control over
financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 118

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. We have audited Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 Framework) (the COSO criteria). Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting,
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial
reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the balance sheets of Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. as of December 31, 2013 and
2012, and the related statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2013 of Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. and our report dated March 13,
2014 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ Ernst Young LLP
 San Diego, California March 13, 2014 
 119

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 On October 2, 2013, we entered into a supply agreement with Mallinckrodt LLC. Pursuant to the supply agreement, which
was made effective as of January 1, 2013, Mallinckrodt will manufacture commercial supplies of naltrexone for use in our drug products. We will pay a certain fixed price for such naltrexone, which prices may be adjusted, subject to specified
limitations. We are required to purchase from Mallinckrodt a specified percentage of our requirements for naltrexone in our drug products containing naltrexone, which are intended for commercial sale, provided that certain terms and conditions are
met. The initial term of the supply agreement commenced in January 2013 and will continue through December
2014. This initial term may only be renewed with the express written agreement of both parties. Either party may terminate the supply agreement effective immediately upon written notice to the other in the event that (a) the other party
dissolves, is declared insolvent or bankrupt by a court of competent jurisdiction, (b) a voluntary or involuntary (if not dismissed within a specified number of days) petition of bankruptcy is filed in any court of competent jurisdiction, or
(c) the supply agreement is assigned for the benefit of creditors. Either party may terminate the supply agreement upon specified written notice to the other party of a failure by that party to perform or observe any material covenant,
condition or agreement to be performed or observed by it under the supply agreement, unless such breach has been cured within the specified notice period. We may terminate the supply agreement upon 60 days prior written notice to Mallinckrodt
in the event that (a) any regulatory agency takes any action, or raises any objection that prevents us from importing, exporting, purchasing or selling naltrexone or any of our drug products containing naltrexone, (b) any of our drug
products containing naltrexone fail during clinical trials and we withdraw our NDA, or (c) we determine, in our sole discretion, to no longer pursue the development and/or commercialization of any of our drug products containing naltrexone.
 PART III Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K since we intend to file our definitive proxy statement for our 2014 annual meeting of stockholders, or
the definitive proxy Statement, pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and certain
information to be included in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Information regarding Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2013. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our officers, directors and employees which is
available on our internet website at www.orexigen.com . The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics contains general guidelines for conducting the business of our company consistent with the highest standards of business ethics, and is intended to
qualify as a code of ethics within the meaning of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Item 406 of Regulation S-K. In addition, we intend to promptly disclose (1) the nature of any amendment to our Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions and (2) the nature of any waiver, including an implicit
waiver, from a provision of our code of ethics that is granted to one of these specified officers, the name of such person who is granted the waiver and the date of the waiver on our website in the future. 
 120

Table of Contents 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information regarding Executive Compensation is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement.
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
 Information regarding Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement. Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Information regarding Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement. 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Information regarding the Principal Accounting
Fees and Services is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement. 
 121

Table of Contents 

 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 1. The following
financial statements of Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. are filed as part of this report under Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 

Page Number 

Balance Sheets December 31, 2013 and 2012 

94 

Statements of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 

95 

Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Years Ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 

96 

Statements of Stockholders Equity Years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 

97 

Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 

98 

Notes to Financial Statements 

99 
 
 2. List of financial statement schedules. All schedules are omitted because they are not
applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 3. List of
Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. See paragraph (b) below. 
 122

Table of Contents 

 (b) The following exhibits are filed as part of this report: 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 (1) 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 

3.2 (7) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 

3.3 (1) 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant 

4.1 (1) 
 
 Form of the Registrant s Common Stock Certificate 

4.2 (1) 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement dated November 20, 2006 

4.3 (2) 
 
 Registration Rights Waiver and Amendment dated January 6, 2008 

4.4 (15) 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock 

4.5 (22) 
 
 Indenture dated as of December 6, 2013, by and between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee 

10.1 (1) 
 
 Form of Director and Executive Officer Indemnification Agreement 

10.2 #(6) 
 
 Form of Executive Officer Employment Agreement 

10.3 #(1) 
 
 2004 Stock Plan and forms of option agreements thereunder 

10.4 #(7) 
 
 2007 Equity Incentive Award Plan, as amended, and forms of stock option grant notice and stock option agreement thereunder 

10.5 (23) 
 
 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

10.6 (1) 
 
 License Agreement dated June 27, 2003 by and between the Registrant and Oregon Health Science University 

10.7 (1) 
 
 Amendment to License Agreement dated November 1, 2003 by and between the Registrant and Oregon Health Science University 

10.8 (1) 
 
 Letter Agreement Amendment to License Agreement dated December 6, 2003 by and between the Registrant and Oregon Health Science
University 

10.9 (1) 
 
 License Agreement dated March 31, 2004 by and between the Registrant and Duke University 

10.10 (1) 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to License Agreement dated December 22, 2004 by and between the Registrant and Duke University 

10.11 (1) 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to License Agreement dated July 27, 2006 by and between the Registrant and Duke University 

10.12 (3) 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to License Agreement dated December 7, 2007 by and between the Registrant and Oregon Health Science University 

10.13 (3) 
 
 Office Lease dated December 11, 2007 by and between the Registrant and Mullrock 3 Torrey Pines, LLC 

10.14 (4) 
 
 First Amendment to Lease dated September 23, 2008 by and between the Registrant and Mullrock 3 Torrey Pines, LLC 

10.15 (5) 
 
 Naltrexone Hydrochloride Supply Agreement dated January 29, 2009 by and between the Registrant and Cilag GmbH International 

10.16 #(6) 
 
 Form of Chief Executive Officer Employment Agreement 
 123

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

10.17 (8) 
 
 Amended and Restated Master Agreement for Pharmaceutical Development Services dated March 12, 2010 by and between the Registrant and Patheon
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

10.18 (8) 
 
 Manufacturing Services Agreement dated March 12, 2010 by and among the Registrant, Patheon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Patheon Inc. 

10.19 (9) 
 
 Collaboration Agreement dated September 1, 2010 by and between the Registrant and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited 

10.20 #(10) 
 
 Separation Agreement dated February 16, 2011 by and between the Registrant and Graham K. Cooper 

10.21 #(11) 
 
 Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. Key Executive Employee Retention Plan 

10.22 (13) 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to the License Agreement dated June 8, 2011 by and between the Registrant and Duke University 

10.23 #(12) 
 
 Form of Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Michael A. Narachi 

10.24 #(12) 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Mark Booth 

10.25 #(14) 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Mark Booth and the Company dated November 1, 2011 

10.26 #(16) 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated March 15, 2012 by and between the Registrant and Mark Booth 

10.27 (17) 
 
 Partial Lease Termination Agreement dated March 2, 2012 by and between the Registrant and Mullrock 3 Torrey Pines, LLC 

10.28 #(18) 
 
 Amended and Restated Independent Director Compensation Policy 

10.29 (19) 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease dated February 15, 2013 by and between the Registrant and Mullrock3 Torrey Pines, LLC 

10.30 #(20) 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated February 15, 2013 by and between the Registrant and Mark Booth 

10.31 #(20) 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated February 15, 2013 by and between the Registrant and each of Joseph P. Hagan, Preston Klassen,
M.D. and Heather D. Turner 

10.32 #(20) 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated February 15, 2013 by and between the Registrant and Michael A.
Narachi 

10.33 #(21) 
 
 Amendment to the Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. 2007 Equity Incentive Award Plan 

10.34 
 
 Naltrexone Hydrochloride Supply Agreement effective as of January 1, 2013 by and between the Registrant and Mallinckrodt LLC 

10.35 
 
 Amendment Number 1 to Collaboration Agreement dated September 26, 2013 by and between the Registrant and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company
Limited 

10.36 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Manufacturing Services Agreement dated November 1, 2013 by and between the Registrant, Patheon Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Patheon
Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended 
 124

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 
 The following financial statements and footnotes from the Orexigen Therapeutics Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013
formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss; (iv) Consolidated Statements of
Stockholders Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(1) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 on December 19, 2006, as amended (File No. 333-139496).

(2) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on January 7, 2008. 

(3) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on December 14, 2007. 

(4) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on November 7, 2008. 

(5) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K on March 13, 2009. 

(6) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on January 28, 2010. 

(7) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 on June 22, 2011. 

(8) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on May 10, 2010. 

(9) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on November 4, 2010. 

(10) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on February 17, 2011. 

(11) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 7, 2011. 

(12) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on June 14, 2011. 

(13) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on August 8, 2011. 

(14) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 1, 2011. 

(15) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on December 15, 2011. 

(16) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 16, 2012. 

(17) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on May 10, 2012. 

(18) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on November 12, 2013. 

(19) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on May 9, 2013. 

(20) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on August 7, 2013. 

(21) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on September 23, 2013. 

(22) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on December 9, 2013. 

(23) 
 Filed with the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 on June 6, 2013. 

Confidential treatment has been granted or requested, as applicable, for portions of this exhibit. These portions have been omitted from the exhibit
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

# 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

These certifications are being furnished solely to accompany this annual report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and are not being
filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc., whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any
general incorporation language in such filing. (c) Not applicable. 
 125

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the
registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

OREXIGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ M ICHAEL A.
N ARACHI 

Michael A Narachi President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Dated: March 13, 2014 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/ S / M ICHAEL A.
N ARACHI Michael A. Narachi 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 13, 2014 

/s/ J OSEPH P.
H AGAN Joseph P. Hagan 
 
 Chief Business Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 13, 2014 

/s/ E CKARD 
W EBER Eckard Weber, M.D. 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 13, 2014 

/s/ L OUIS C.
B OCK Louis C. Bock 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2014 

/s/ W ENDY 
D IXON Wendy Dixon, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2014 

/s/ B RIAN H.
D OVEY Brian H. Dovey 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2014 

/s/ P ETER K.
H ONIG Peter K. Honig, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2014 

/s/ D AVID J.
E NDICOTT David J. Endicott 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2014 

/s/ P ATRICK 
M AHAFFY Patrick Mahaffy 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2014 

/s/ L OTA S.
Z OTH Lota S. Zoth 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2014 
 
 126

<EX-10.34>
 2
 d652807dex1034.htm
 EX-10.34

EX-10.34 

Exhibit 10.34 
 CERTAIN MATERIAL (INDICATED BY ASTERISKS) HAS BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS DOCUMENT PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT. THE OMITTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN
FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. NALTREXONE HYDROCHLORIDE SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
 This Naltrexone Hydrochloride Supply Agreement (this Agreement is made effective as of January 1, 2013 (the Effective Date by
and among OREXIGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. OREXIGEN ), a Delaware corporation located at 3344 N. Torrey Pines Court, Suite 200, La Jolla, CA 92037, and MALLINCKRODT LLC MALLINCKRODT ), a Delaware limited liability company located
at 675 McDonnell Blvd., Hazelwood, Missouri 63042. WHEREAS, MALLINCKRODT is a manufacturer of an active pharmaceutical ingredient known as Naltrexone
Hydrochloride and MALLINCKRODT wishes to supply Naltrexone Hydrochloride to OREXIGEN on the terms described herein; and WHEREAS, OREXIGEN desires a
supply of quantities of Naltrexone Hydrochloride and wishes to purchase Naltrexone Hydrochloride from MALLINCKRODT on the terms described herein. NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein, MALLINCKRODT and OREXIGEN (each, a Party and, collectively, the Parties agree as follows. 

1. 
 S COPE OF A GREEMENT 

1.1. 
 Subject to the provisions of this Section 1.1 below, this Agreement shall apply to all purchases of Naltrexone Hydrochloride by OREXIGEN and its Affiliates (as defined below in this Section 1.1) under this
Agreement from MALLINCKRODT during the Term (as defined below in Section 11.1). OREXIGEN (on behalf of itself and its Affiliates) agrees to purchase from MALLINCKRODT and MALLINCKRODT agrees to supply to OREXIGEN such amounts of Naltrexone
Hydrochloride as OREXIGEN shall order in accordance with the requirements hereof; provided that, MALLINCRKODT shall not be required to sell to OREXIGEN for delivery during [ ] more than [ ] of Naltrexone Hydrochloride. During the term of this
Agreement, OREXIGEN agrees to purchase from Mallinckrodt [ ] of its requirements for Naltrexone Hydrochloride for use in Finished Products intended for commercial sale in those jurisdictions set forth on Schedule B attached hereto, provided
that the immediately foregoing obligation shall not be binding on OREXIGEN (a) in the event of breach by MALLINCRKODT of any of the material terms set forth herein which breach is not cured within the period set forth in Section 11.2 or
(b) if MALLINCRKODT fails to timely meet its continuing manufacturing and supply obligations to OREXIGEN (consistent with all representations, warranties and covenants herein) on more than [ ] during [ ]. Should OREXIGEN wish to be supplied
with amounts of Naltrexone Hydrochloride additional to the maximum amounts set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, MALLINCKRODT will [ ] supply any additional volumes [ ]. For purposes of this Agreement, an Affiliate of a
Party shall mean and refer to any firm, person or entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Party, where control means the power, by means of voting power, proxy or power in fact (by whatever means) to
direct the business and operations of any firm, person or entity. 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 1 

1.2. 
 This Agreement does not constitute a purchase order. Purchases under this Agreement shall be made only with written purchase orders issued by OREXIGEN to MALLINCKRODT (each, a Purchase Order ). No Purchase
Order shall specify a delivery date that is sooner than [ ] days after the date of such Purchase Order. Each Purchase Order shall set forth the information required by and meet the requirements of Section 3.3. In the event of a conflict or
inconsistency between the terms of any Purchase Order, order acknowledgement, invoice, shipping terms, packaging slip or other documentation issued by either Party and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control and
prevail in every case and any additional (except for purchased quantities, shipping and delivery dates) and/or inconsistent terms set forth in any other document issued by either Party are hereby expressly rejected, unless such documentation
specifically states that it overrides conflicting terms of and/or supplements the terms of this Agreement (as appropriate) and is signed by authorized representatives of each of the Parties. 

1.3. 
 All Naltrexone Hydrochloride sold by MALLINCKRODT to OREXIGEN will be manufactured by MALLINCKRODT in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

2. 
 M ANUFACTURING ; S PECIFICATIONS ; Q UALIFICATION OF S ECOND S OURCE 

2.1. 
 The Naltrexone Hydrochloride supplied to OREXIGEN hereunder shall meet the release specifications set forth on Schedule A attached hereto Specifications at the time of delivery. All Naltrexone
Hydrochloride supplied hereunder will be manufactured in accordance with the methods, processes and procedures, including site of manufacture, set forth in MALLINCKRODT s drug master file DMF or any equivalent issued under any
applicable laws, rules or regulations other than those of the United States (such as an Active Substance Master File or a Certificate of European Pharmacopeia, (such documents referred to as a DMF Equivalent for Naltrexone
Hydrochloride. 

2.2. 
 There will be no changes made to the Specifications set forth on Exhibit A except with the mutual written agreement of the Parties; provided that,
MALLINCKRODT will use commercially reasonable efforts to implement any changes in Specifications requested by OREXIGEN if such changes would not require revalidation of the applicable manufacturing process. In the event any change in Specifications
requested by OREXIGEN would cause MALLINCKRODT to incur additional Direct Manufacturing Cost (as defined below in this Section 2.2), MALLINCKRODT shall notify OREXIGEN in writing, within [ ] after the date of any requested specification
change by OREXIGEN, of the reason for and nature of any such increased cost and, if [ ], MALLINCKRODT shall begin implementation of any such requested Specification change. In the event any change to the Specifications requested by OREXIGEN is
made, MALLINCKRODT shall perform [ ], all analytical and experimental work reasonably required to implement any such change, but OREXIGEN shall be responsible[ ], for filing all changes proposed by OREXIGEN in connection
 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 2 

with any regulatory approval, and for seeking approval of any such change required by any governmental agency, regulatory agency, commission or similar body of any domestic or non-domestic
jurisdiction Regulatory Agency with respect to OREXIGEN s oral dosage formulation containing Naltrexone Hydrochloride Finished Product ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties acknowledge that it is possible that
changes in applicable laws, or actions of the United States Food and Drug Administration FDA or any other Regulatory Agency may require changes to be made in the Specifications. Should such an eventuality occur, the Party becoming
aware of any required change will immediately notify the other Party in writing of the nature of and reason for any such potential Specification changes and such changes will be implemented by MALLINCKRODT as and when required (but not earlier than
required); provided, however, it is understood that [ ]. For purposes of this Section 2.2 and of this Agreement in general, the term Direct Manufacturing Cost shall mean all costs of [ ] incurred with respect to the manufacture
hereunder of any particular volume of Naltrexone Hydrochloride, but shall not include any [ ]. Absent the requirements of applicable law, the FDA or any Regulatory Agency or the occurrence of any circumstances covered by the language of this
Section 2.2 above, MALLINCKRODT shall not change the Specifications unless OREXIGEN has agreed in writing to such change in advance [ ], and any increase or decrease in the Direct Manufacturing Cost to MALLINCKRODT associated with any such
change proposed by MALLINCKRODT shall [ ]. 

2.3. 
 MALLINCKRODT will notify OREXIGEN at least [ ] in advance (unless a lesser time to implement any change is dictated by law) of any and all material changes in its production, testing or packaging procedures in the DMF
documented process as required by FDA s Guidance for Industry to an approved NDA or ANDA . The parties acknowledge that the purpose of the immediately preceding sentence is to allow OREXIGEN a reasonable amount of time to receive
appropriate regulatory approval from the FDA or any other Regulatory Agency prior to MALLINCKRODT implementing a significant change to its DMF or any DMF Equivalent. 

2.4. 
 MALLINCKRODT will [ ] to enable OREXIGEN to secure from relevant Regulatory Agencies approval of MALLINCKRODT as a source of supply of Naltrexone Hydrochloride for OREXIGEN s Finished Products. MALLINCKRODT will
be responsible for procuring and maintaining the DMF and DMF Equivalents related to Naltrexone Hydrochloride in those jurisdictions set forth on Schedule B attached hereto, at no additional cost to OREXIGEN. MALLINCKRODT has filed the DMF
with the FDA and has provided the DMF s reference number in writing to OREXIGEN. OREXIGEN shall have the right to reference the DMF in its NDAs (or ANDAs, if applicable) and DMF Equivalents from Regulatory Agencies in jurisdictions outside the
United States, and the right to access the open part of the DMF or DMF Equivalent where available. 

2.5. 
 MALLINCKRODT shall test, or have tested, each lot of Naltrexone Hydrochloride shipped to OREXIGEN using the analytical testing methodologies which are
set forth in the Specifications in order to assure the conformity of each lot of Naltrexone 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 3 

Hydrochloride supplied hereunder to the Specifications and all applicable laws. With each shipment of Naltrexone Hydrochloride, MALLINCKRODT shall deliver to OREXIGEN certificates of analysis
from MALLINCKRODT stating that the Naltrexone Hydrochloride being shipped has been tested and does conform to the Specifications. 

2.6. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, MALLINCKRODT s obligation to supply and OREXIGEN s obligations to purchase hereunder are [ ]. MALLINCKRODT will at all times [ ] ensure that it has sufficient
quota to perform its obligations hereunder. If MALLINCKRODT has insufficient quota to satisfy OREXIGEN s requirements for Naltrexone Hydrochloride (within the maximum volume limitations set forth in Section 1.1 above) and the requirements
of its other customers, MALLINCKRODT shall [ ]; provided that MALLINCKRODT shall continue to be obligated to provide to OREXIGEN the amounts set forth in the Rolling Forecast most recently provided to OREXIGEN and acknowledged and agreed to by an
authorized representative of MALLINCKRODT. 

3. 
 F ORECASTS ; F IRM C OMMITMENT ; P URCHASE O RDERS 

3.1. 
 Initial Forecast. Approximately [ ], OREXIGEN shall provide to MALLINCKRODT an initial [ ] rolling forecast of the quantities of Naltrexone Hydrochloride required by OREXIGEN, by [ ] period. The first [ ] of
such initial forecast shall constitute a binding order on MALLINCKRODT and OREXIGEN for the quantities of Naltrexone Hydrochloride specified therein, and MALLINCKRODT shall be obligated to supply and OREXIGEN shall be obligated to purchase no less
than one hundred percent (100 of the quantity of Naltrexone Hydrochloride ordered by OREXIGEN pursuant to any Purchase Order corresponding to such first [ ]. 

3.2. 
 Rolling Forecasts. On or prior to the beginning of each [ ] occurring during the Term following the initial forecast provided under
Section 3.1, OREXIGEN shall provide to MALLINCKRODT [ ] rolling forecast of the quantities of Naltrexone Hydrochloride that may be ordered by OREXIGEN, by [ ] (the Rolling Forecast ). The first [ ] of each Rolling Forecast
shall constitute a binding order on MALLINCKRODT and OREXIGEN for the quantities of Naltrexone Hydrochloride specified therein, and MALLINCKRODT shall be obligated to supply and OREXIGEN shall be obligated to purchase no less than one hundred
percent (100 of the quantity of Naltrexone Hydrochloride ordered by OREXIGEN pursuant to any Purchase Order in such first [ ]. The subsequent [ ] of each Rolling Forecast shall be non-binding estimates and shall be used by MALLINCKRODT
for planning purposes only. Within a [ ] period after the submission by OREXIGEN of any Rolling Forecast, MALLINCKRODT will review such Rolling Forecast to assess the feasibility of production and supply of the amounts of Naltrexone Hydrochloride
set forth in such Rolling Forecast. After such review (and in no event later than [ ] after the submission of any such Rolling Forecast by OREXIGEN), MALLINCKRODT will advise OREXIGEN in writing of the results of its review, specifying whether or
not MALLINCKRODT is able to meet the timing and volumes set forth in such Rolling Forecast. If MALLINCKRODT indicates that it is not 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 4 

able to meet the timing and volumes set forth in such Rolling Forecast, the parties will [ ]. Whether based on agreement of the Parties as contemplated in the immediately preceding sentence or
based on MALLINCKRODT s acknowledgement of the Rolling Forecast submitted by OREXIGEN, OREXIGEN shall timely submit to MALLINCKRODT Purchase Orders consistent therewith and otherwise meeting the requirements hereof. MALLINCKRODT shall be
obligated to supply and OREXIGEN shall be obligated to purchase no less than one hundred percent (100 of the quantity of Naltrexone Hydrochloride ordered by OREXIGEN pursuant to any Purchase Order which complies with Section 3.1 or this
Section 3.2. 

3.3. 
 Each Purchase Order submitted by OREXIGEN hereunder shall specify the quantity of Naltrexone Hydrochloride ordered, the total Price (as defined in Section 5.1) for such quantities of Naltrexone Hydrochloride
calculated in accordance with Section 5 hereof, and the required delivery date and destination, consistent with the terms of this Agreement. OREXIGEN shall submit each Purchase Order to MALLINCKRODT at least [ ] in advance of the delivery
date requested in the Purchase Order. Within [ ] after the date that a Purchase Order is submitted, MALLINCKRODT shall acknowledge receipt of OREXIGEN s Purchase Order and confirm acceptance of such Purchase Order, if issued in accordance
with the requirements hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, MALLINCKRODT shall be obligated to accept any such Purchase Order which complies with Section 3.1, Section 3.2, this Section 3.3, and Section 4.1. 

3.4. 
 During any period during this Agreement in which MALLINCKRODT, for any reason (including, without limitation, an event of force majeure as provided in Section 13.1), fails to deliver the requisite quantities of
Naltrexone Hydrochloride included in any accepted Purchase Order which complies with Section 3.1, Section 3.2, Section 3.3, and Section 4.1, within [ ] after the date of delivery confirmed in writing by MALLINCKRODT or if
MALLINCKRODT otherwise notifies OREXIGEN that it will be unable to make delivery of all or a portion of the ordered Naltrexone Hydrochloride within [ ] after the confirmed date of delivery, then OREXIGEN may refuse such late shipment of Naltrexone
Hydrochloride from MALLINCKRODT and purchase such quantities elsewhere. 

4. 
 D ELIVERY 

4.1. 
 Each Purchase Order shall specify the quantity of Naltrexone Hydrochloride ordered and the required delivery date and destination, consistent with the terms of this Agreement. Deliveries must be made on normal business
days of the designated facility unless otherwise coordinated. 

4.2. 
 Subject to any written agreement between OREXIGEN and MALLINCKRODT to the contrary, MALLINCKRODT shall make all necessary shipping arrangements to OREXIGEN s designated facility. Freight terms shall be as set forth
in Schedule C . Title to the Naltrexone Hydrochloride shall pass from MALLINCKRODT to OREXIGEN upon [ ]. 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 5 

4.3. 
 If and as applicable, OREXIGEN shall be responsible for coordinating any export of Naltrexone Hydrochloride from the United States and for coordinating any import of ordered Naltrexone Hydrochloride to countries outside
the United States to OREXIGEN s designated manufacturing facilities, in either case in compliance with all applicable laws. MALLINCKRODT shall notify OREXIGEN of the expected delivery date of any Purchase Order to enable receipt to be
coordinated. 

4.4. 
 Subject to clearance by customs (if applicable), all ordered Naltrexone Hydrochloride shall be delivered to OREXIGEN s designated facility in MALLINCKRODT s normal packaging and with typical accompanying
documentation for Naltrexone Hydrochloride, including, without limitation, in accordance with any procedures reflected in MALLINCKRODT s DMF, provided that any such packaging and documentation shall meet the customs and regulatory requirements
of the United States and, as applicable, the location of OREXIGEN s designated facility for delivery. Each shipment shall include certificates of analysis, and such other documentation and information as may be necessary for complying with all
applicable laws. 

5. 
 P RICE AND P AYMENT 

5.1. 
 The initial price for the Naltrexone Hydrochloride to be purchased by OREXIGEN hereunder is [ ], as it may be adjusted in accordance with this Section 5 (the Price ). 

5.2. 
 The Price shall remain fixed for [ ]. 

5.3. 
 In addition to the Price adjustments that may be made in accordance with Section 2.2 above, MALLINCKRODT shall be entitled to adjust the Price at any time during the Term (to take effect for Purchase Orders
accepted after the date of such adjustment) by giving [ ] prior written notice to OREXIGEN solely to take into account any documented and verifiable increases or decreases in the costs of manufacturing Naltrexone Hydrochloride resulting from
changes in MALLINCKRODT s manufacturing processes in response to any [ ], other than as a result of [ ] Regulatory Price Change ). In the event of a Regulatory Price Change, the Price shall be increased by an amount equal to the
documented incremental cost increase directly associated with the Regulatory Price Change. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, any Price adjustment pursuant to Section 2.2 or this Section 5.3 shall be implemented in such a manner
as to ensure that no element of cost increase or decrease is being duplicated in calculating the Price to be charged. 

5.4. 
 MALLINCKRODT agrees to keep complete and accurate books and records with respect to costs of commercial manufacture of Naltrexone Hydrochloride for a minimum period of [ ] after the calendar year in which they are
prepared, or for such longer period as may be required by applicable law. 

5.5. 
 MALLINCKRODT shall issue invoices to OREXIGEN at the time of shipment of any Naltrexone Hydrochloride. Each invoice shall set forth the applicable
Price and all 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 6 

freight charges for the shipment properly determined in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Payment of the invoice by OREXIGEN shall be within [ ] following [ ], subject to any
amounts disputed in good faith by OREXIGEN. Payment shall be subject to the inspection and acceptance procedures set forth in Section 6. All invoices and payments shall be in U.S. Dollars. 

6. 
 I NSPECTION , A CCEPTANCE AND R EJECTION 

6.1. 
 If OREXIGEN reasonably determines that any Naltrexone Hydrochloride delivered hereunder does not comply with the Specifications, is adulterated, is not manufactured in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or
is otherwise defective (Naltrexone Hydrochloride satisfying any of the foregoing known as Defective Product ), then OREXIGEN may reject any such Naltrexone Hydrochloride. At the time of any such rejection, OREXIGEN shall provide
MALLINCKRODT with a written notice describing in detail the circumstances surrounding the rejection and OREXIGEN s reasons therefor Rejection Notice ), accompanied by such supporting documentation as shall be reasonably necessary to
demonstrate the basis for any rejection. If OREXIGEN properly rejects any such Naltrexone Hydrochloride, it will, at [ ] option, either return the rejected Naltrexone Hydrochloride to MALLINCKRODT or destroy or dispose of it in the least expensive
and most environmentally sound manner. In any event, MALLINCKRODT shall be responsible for the costs of any such return, destruction or disposal if such Naltrexone Hydrochloride has been properly rejected. It is understood that [ ] hereunder in
the event of Defective Product it has properly rejected will [ ]. Any Naltrexone Hydrochloride received by OREXIGEN from MALLINCKRODT that has not been rejected by OREXIGEN within [ ]. 

6.2. 
 Notwithstanding the preceding Section 6.1, in the event that MALLINCKRODT notifies OREXIGEN in writing within [ ] of its receipt of any Rejection Notice that MALLINCKRODT reasonably disagrees with OREXIGEN s
basis for rejection of any Naltrexone Hydrochloride Response Notice ), the Parties shall attempt to resolve any disagreement they have regarding the rejection by OREXIGEN of any Naltrexone Hydrochloride and if, within [ ] of
OREXIGEN s receipt of any Response Notice, they are unable to do so, the matter will be referred to an independent third party expert mutually agreeable to both Parties, whose decision as to whether or not any Naltrexone Hydrochloride is
Defective Product and therefore properly rejected will be final and whose fees will be paid by the Party who is determined to be incorrect as to whether or not any Naltrexone Hydrochloride is properly rejected. 

6.3. 
 Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Section 6, in no event shall MALLINCKRODT have any obligation to replace or provide any refund or credit for any Naltrexone Hydrochloride that has been damaged or
destroyed due principally to the acts or omissions to act of OREXIGEN or any third party acting on OREXIGEN s behalf. Any Naltrexone Hydrochloride that is supplied by MALLINCKRODT in replacement of properly rejected Defective Product shall be
shipped in a manner reasonably directed by OREXIGEN and within [ ], shipment to be at MALLINCKRODT s expense. 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 7 

7. 
 C ONFIDENTIALITY 

7.1. 
 During the Term, the Parties may disclose certain confidential and proprietary information and data to each other relating to their respective products (including active pharmaceutical ingredients and finished products)
and businesses, (including, but not limited to financial and other business information, product samples, formulas, manufacturing processes, specifications, drawings, schematics and other technical, customer and product development plans, forecasts,
strategies and other data). Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, all information disclosed by one Party (in such capacity, the Disclosing Party to the other Party (in such capacity, the Receiving Party relating
in any manner to the Disclosing Party s products and/or its business shall constitute Proprietary Information. 

7.2. 
 Proprietary Information disclosed by a Disclosing Party to a Receiving Party hereunder shall be used by the Receiving Party solely in connection with exercising its rights or performing its obligations under this
Agreement. 

7.3. 
 In consideration of the Disclosing Party s disclosure and supply of Proprietary Information, each Party agrees, as a potential Receiving Party, that, for the Term and for a period of [ ] thereafter, it shall not
disclose or use for any purpose other than as specified in Section 7.2 above, without the express prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, any Proprietary Information, including any information concerning this Agreement or the interest of
the Disclosing Party in exploring the possibility of entering into a business relationship with the Receiving Party, to any person other than to those employees, consultants or agents of the Receiving Party Representatives who will be
involved in fulfilling the Receiving Party s obligations under this Agreement, provided that such Representatives have been made aware of the obligations set forth in this Section 7. In any event, it is understood that each Party shall be
fully responsible and liable for any improper use or disclosure of the other Party s Proprietary Information by any of its Representatives. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) OREXIGEN may disclose the existence and terms of this Agreement
to bona fide potential investors, acquirers, corporate partners and financial advisors and (b) MALLINCKRODT may disclose the existence and terms of this Agreement to bona fide potential investors, corporate partners and financial advisors.

7.4. 
 Each Party, as a potential Receiving Party, agrees to advise those of its Representatives who receive Proprietary Information (and such other persons who may receive Proprietary Information as permitted by the last
sentence of Section 7.3 above) that such information (a) is proprietary and confidential to the Disclosing Party and (b) shall not be disclosed to anyone except as authorized herein. Each Party further agrees to take such reasonable
precautions as it normally takes with its own confidential and proprietary information to prevent unauthorized disclosure or use of such Proprietary Information by anyone receiving it. 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 8 

7.5. 
 In the event that the Receiving Party is required by any government regulation, law, court order or rule or otherwise becomes legally compelled to disclose any Proprietary Information, it will provide the Disclosing
Party with prompt advance notice in writing (if legally possible under the circumstances) so that the Disclosing Party may, at its discretion and at its own expense, reasonably intervene prior to disclosure. The Receiving Party will exercise
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to such Proprietary Information. 

7.6. 
 Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this Section 7, the term Proprietary Information and the obligation of confidentiality associated therewith shall not apply to the following
information: (a) information which, at the time of the Disclosing Party s disclosure to the Receiving Party, is publicly known or has been made publicly available, (b) information which, after the Disclosing Party s disclosure to
the Receiving Party, becomes publicly known or available, except where such knowledge or availability is the result of the Receiving Party s breach of this Agreement or otherwise is the result of any unauthorized disclosure by any of its
Representatives, (c) information which, prior to the Disclosing Party s disclosure to the Receiving Party, was already in the Receiving Party s possession, as evidenced by its prior written records, or (d) information which,
subsequent to the Disclosing Party s disclosure to the Receiving Party, is obtained by the Receiving Party from a third Party which is lawfully in possession of such information and not subject to a known contractual or fiduciary relationship
to the Disclosing Party with respect thereto. 

7.7. 
 Upon the termination of this Agreement, the Receiving Party shall, if so requested by the Disclosing Party, promptly return to the Disclosing Party the originals and all copies of any Proprietary Information then in the
Receiving Party s possession. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Receiving Party may retain one copy of such Proprietary Information in its archives solely for the purpose of demonstrating compliance with the terms hereof. 

7.8. 
 The Parties understand that any breach by the Receiving Party of any of the obligations set forth in this Section 7 might cause irreparable harm to the Disclosing Party for which compensation by monetary damages
would be inadequate. Therefore, in the event of any breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this Section 7 by the Receiving Party, the Disclosing Party shall have the right to seek an injunction or other appropriate equitable relief,
without the necessity of posting a bond or other form of financial assurance and in addition to any other remedies that may be available. 

8. 
 Q UALITY OF N ALTREXONE H YDROCHLORIDE ; R EGULATORY M ATTERS ; R EPRESENTATIONS AND 
W ARRANTIES 

8.1. 
 At all times during [ ], MALLINCKRODT shall ensure that its relevant facilities shall remain in material compliance with, and the Naltrexone
Hydrochloride shall be manufactured in material compliance with, (i) all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including but not limited to, the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended from time to time (the
 Act ), (ii) current Good Manufacturing Practices as 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 9 

defined by the Act and the rules, regulations and practice standards issued and administered by the FDA and the equivalent regulations promulgated by any foreign regulatory agency with an
equivalent function and appropriate jurisdiction, any of the foregoing as they relate to the manufacture of bulk active pharmaceutical ingredients cGMP and (iii) the FDA s regulations for drug establishment registration.
MALLINCKRODT shall keep records of the manufacture, testing, and shipping of Naltrexone Hydrochloride, and retain samples of the Naltrexone Hydrochloride, and components used in its manufacture, as necessary to comply with all applicable laws,
including without limitation any manufacturing regulatory requirements applicable to MALLINCKRODT, the manufacturing site, the Naltrexone Hydrochloride, and components used in its manufacture, as well as to assist with resolving complaints and other
similar investigations relating to such Naltrexone Hydrochloride and/or any Finished Product. MALLINCKRODT shall retain copies of the records and sample for a period ending not earlier than one year following the date of Naltrexone Hydrochloride
expiry, or for such longer period as may be required by applicable law, at which time MALLINCKRODT shall contact OREXIGEN concerning the delivery of such records. At OREXIGEN s request, MALLINCKRODT shall [ ], return such records to OREXIGEN.

8.2. 
 No Naltrexone Hydrochloride constituting a part of any shipment to OREXIGEN shall at the time of any such shipment be adulterated within the meaning of the Act, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as
such law, rule or regulation is in effect at the time of any such shipment. 

8.3. 
 All Naltrexone Hydrochloride supplied to OREXIGEN hereunder (i) shall at the time of delivery meet the Specifications and (ii) will have expiration dating of not less than [ ] in accordance with this
Agreement. 

8.4. 
 All necessary licenses, permits or approvals required by applicable laws in connection with the manufacture, storage and shipment of Naltrexone Hydrochloride hereunder, including without limitation permits related to
manufacturing facilities, shall be maintained during the term hereof. 

8.5. 
 MALLINCKRODT will (i) respond promptly and appropriately to all inquiries directed to it by the FDA or any other Regulatory Agency that may impact the quality or timely delivery of Naltrexone Hydrochloride and
promptly notify OREXIGEN of same if and to the extent MALLINCKRODT reasonably determines that the matter in question might reasonably delay any shipment or otherwise adversely affect either MALLINCKRODT s performance hereunder or the quality of
the Naltrexone Hydrochloride supplied hereunder, (ii) assist OREXIGEN (at OREXIGEN s expense) in responding to inquiries directed to OREXIGEN by the FDA or other Regulatory Agencies and (iii) provide the FDA or other Regulatory
Agencies with such information and data as is appropriately requested by the FDA or other Regulatory Agencies with respect to the manufacture, use, route of synthesis and testing of the Naltrexone Hydrochloride. 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 10 

8.6. 
 [ ] any pending or threatened claim by a third party, or any reasonable basis for any such claim, that the Naltrexone Hydrochloride supplied hereunder or MALLINCKRODT s process for manufacturing the Naltrexone
Hydrochloride supplied hereunder would infringe, misappropriate or violate any patent, trade secret or other intellectual property right in effect. 

8.7. 
 [ ] the Finished Product will not infringe, misappropriate or violate any third party patent, trade secret or other intellectual property right in effect during the Term in the United States and in any of the
jurisdictions set forth in Schedule B (provided, that OREXIGEN s representation does not extend to any infringement, misappropriation or violation that arises out of or relates to Naltrexone Hydrochloride or MALLINCKRODT s process
for manufacturing Naltrexone Hydrochloride). 

8.8. 
 Each Party represents and warrants that all corporate action on its part and on the part of each of its officers and directors necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement has been taken,
that it has the full right and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder, that it is not aware of any obligations owed to third parties that would conflict with its ability to perform its obligations hereunder, and
that this Agreement represents the binding obligation of each Party enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. 

8.9. 
 If requested in writing by OREXIGEN, MALLINCKRODT shall permit OREXIGEN or its authorized representatives, during normal business hours, and, except for for-cause audits or inspections [ ], to inspect
MALLINCKRODT s facilities and records and be given access to MALLINCKRODT s personnel (at reasonable times, upon reasonable advance notice and in the company of a MALLINCKRODT representative), to the extent OREXIGEN deems [ ] to enable
OREXIGEN to verify compliance by MALLINCKRODT with its obligations under this Agreement and to verify MALLINCKRODT s compliance with any applicable laws. Any such inspection shall be carried out in a manner reasonably contemplated to avoid
disruption of MALLINCKRODT s normal conduct of business and in accordance with all applicable safety and site regulations of MALLINCKRODT. 

8.10. 
 In the event that MALLINCKRODT receives any complaint, claims or adverse reaction reports regarding Naltrexone Hydrochloride that is manufactured for OREXIGEN pursuant to this Agreement, including notices from the FDA
regarding any alleged regulatory noncompliance of Naltrexone Hydrochloride (including any FDA Form 483s or warning letters), which would reasonably be expected to delay any shipment or otherwise adversely affect either MALLINCKRODT s
performance hereunder or the quality of the Naltrexone Hydrochloride supplied hereunder, MALLINCKRODT shall (a) [ ], provide to OREXIGEN material information concerning the complaint, claim, report or notice and such additional information as
OREXIGEN may reasonably request and (b) (i) conduct, if commercially reasonable under the circumstances, an investigation to determine the cause of such noncompliance, and (ii) assist OREXIGEN in investigating any such noncompliance
at OREXIGEN s request. MALLINCKRODT shall comply, at a minimum, with FDA requirements with respect to any such complaints, claims or adverse reaction reports. 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 11 

8.11. 
 OREXIGEN and MALLINCKRODT represent and warrant that each of them shall comply with all relevant laws, rules and regulations in the performance of any obligations hereunder. 

8.12. 
 MALLINCKRODT covenants that it will not, in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, knowingly use the services of any person debarred or suspended under 21 U.S.C. 35(a) or (b). MALLINCKRODT
represents that it does not currently have, and covenants that it will not knowingly hire, as an officer or an employee, any person who has been convicted of a felony under the laws of the United States for conduct relating to the regulation of any
drug product under the Act. 

8.13. 
 MALLINCKRODT shall promptly notify OREXIGEN of any information of the following kind about Naltrexone Hydrochloride provided to OREXIGEN: 

8.13.1. 
 information indicating that shipped product does not or is not likely to meet the Specifications, and 

8.13.2. 
 information concerning any bacteriological contamination, or any significant chemical, physical or other changes or deterioration in the shipped Naltrexone Hydrochloride, including stability parameters.

8.14. 
 The Parties shall enter into a Quality Agreement within [ ] after the date of execution of this Agreement (the Quality Agreement ). In the event there is any conflict or inconsistency in the terms and
provisions of this Agreement and the Quality Agreement, the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall control and prevail in every case. 

8.15. 
 EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NO PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, AND EACH PARTY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING
(WITHOUT LIMITATION) ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 

9. 
 I NDEMNIFICATION 

9.1. 
 Except to the extent resulting from any claim subject to MALLINCKRODT s indemnification obligations under Section 9.2, OREXIGEN hereby agrees to and shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless MALLINCKRODT, its
Affiliates and each of their respective employees, officers, directors and agents (the MALLINCKRODT Indemnitees ), from, against and in respect of any and all losses, judgments, damages, liabilities, suits, actions, expenses (including
reasonable attorney s fees) and proceedings arising from any claims of any third party to the extent resulting from: 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 12 

9.1.1. 
 any allegation of misrepresentation, breach of warranty, or the non-fulfillment of any obligation, covenant or duty on the part of OREXIGEN under this Agreement, 

9.1.2. 
 any claim, complaint, suit, proceeding or cause of action against any of the MALLINCKRODT Indemnitees alleging physical injury or death, brought by or on behalf of an injured party, or loss of service or consortium or a
similar such claim, complaint, suit, proceeding or cause of action brought by a spouse, relative or companion of an injured party due to such physical injury or death, to the extent arising out of OREXIGEN s or OREXIGEN s [ ] of any
[ ] (except to the extent that MALLINCKRODT has breached its obligations under [ ] with respect to such Naltrexone Hydrochloride), and whether used alone or in combination with any other material, 

9.1.3. 
 any [ ] willful misconduct of OREXIGEN, its employees, officers and directors in performing this Agreement, and 

9.1.4. 
 any claim of [ ]. 

9.2. 
 Except to the extent resulting from any claim subject to OREXIGEN s indemnification obligations under Section 9.1, MALLINCKRODT hereby agrees to and shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless OREXIGEN, its
Affiliates and each of their respective employees, officers, directors and agents (the OREXIGEN Indemnitees ), from, against and in respect of any and all losses, judgments, damages, liabilities, suits, actions, expenses (including
reasonable attorney s fees) and proceedings arising from any claims of any third party to the extent resulting from: 

9.2.1. 
 any allegation of misrepresentation, breach of warranty, or the nonfulfillment of any obligation, covenant, or duty on the part of MALLINCKRODT under this Agreement, 

9.2.2. 
 any claim, complaint, suit, proceeding or cause of action against any of the OREXIGEN Indemnitees alleging physical injury or death, brought by or on behalf of an injured party, or loss of service or consortium or a
similar such claim, complaint, suit, proceeding or cause of action brought by a spouse, relative or companion of an injured party due to such physical injury or death, to the extent arising out of MALLINCKRODT s breach of its obligations under
[ ] with respect to such Naltrexone Hydrochloride, 

9.2.3. 
 any [ ] willful misconduct of MALLINCKRODT or its employees, officers or directors in performing this Agreement, and 

9.2.4. 
 any claim of [ ]. 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 13 

9.3. 
 The foregoing indemnification obligations are subject to the following: 

9.3.1. 
 in the event a third party claim forms the basis for indemnification, the indemnifying Party must be notified by or on behalf of the indemnified Party in writing promptly after a claim is made, a suit is filed or an
action or investigation is initiated (each, a Proceeding against the indemnified Party, unless such delay does not materially prejudice the indemnifying Party, 

9.3.2. 
 subject to the provisions set forth below in this Section 9.3, the indemnifying Party shall be permitted to defend, control, conduct and prosecute, in the indemnifying Party s sole discretion and by counsel of
the indemnifying Party s choosing, the defense of such Proceeding brought against the indemnified Party, 

9.3.3. 
 the indemnifying Party shall have the right in its sole discretion to settle, compromise or otherwise terminate the Proceeding solely upon the payment of money, provided, that there is no finding or admission of any
violation by any indemnified Party of (i) any law, rule or regulation or (ii) the rights of any person, and provided further, that no such settlement shall prohibit any indemnified Party from importing the Naltrexone Hydrochloride into the
United States and or making, using or selling products in the United States and made from such Naltrexone Hydrochloride, and provided further, that no such settlement by the indemnifying Party shall be entered into without the prior consent of the
indemnified Party if such settlement contains any terms or conditions that might in any way limit, restrict or prevent the indemnified Party from carrying on any of its business activities, 

9.3.4. 
 the indemnified Party shall refrain from settling (or endeavoring to settle, or entering into settlement negotiations with respect to) any such Proceeding without the indemnifying Party s prior written consent,

9.3.5. 
 except as may otherwise be required by law, the indemnified Party shall not compromise the position of the indemnifying Party by admission, statements, disclosure or conduct (collectively, Disclosure in a
way that could reasonably prejudice the defense, control, conduct or prosecution of said cause of action (it being understood that no indemnified Party shall be deemed to have violated this provision so long as such Party has acted in good faith to
fulfill its obligations under this provision), and 

9.3.6. 
 the indemnified Party shall cooperate with the indemnifying Party in the defense, conduct, prosecution or termination of the Proceeding, including the furnishing of information and the assistance from employees of the
indemnified Party, at the indemnifying Party s reasonable request and expense. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Section 9.3, [ ], (i) [ ] defend, control, conduct and prosecute, by counsel of [ ], the defense of such Proceeding, (ii) [ ] shall refrain from settling (or endeavoring to settle, or entering into settlement
negotiations with respect to) any such Proceeding [ ], (iii) except as may otherwise be 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 14 

required by law, [ ] shall compromise the position of [ ] by Disclosure in a way that could reasonably prejudice the defense, control, conduct or prosecution of said cause of action (it being
understood that [ ] shall be deemed to have violated this provision so long as [ ] has acted in good faith to fulfill its obligations under this provision), and (iv) [ ] shall cooperate with [ ] in the defense, conduct, prosecution or
termination of the Proceeding, including the furnishing of information and the assistance from employees of [ ], at [ ] reasonable request and expense. 

9.4. 
 With respect to Section 9.3 above, the indemnified Party will (if legally possible under the applicable circumstances) provide the indemnifying Party with prompt written notice in advance of any such Disclosure
being made to permit the indemnifying Party to seek an appropriate protective order, restriction on response or withdrawal of the request for Disclosure. If, however, any such request for relief by the indemnifying Party is denied or is otherwise
unavailable, the relevant indemnified Party may make the Disclosure without any liability to the indemnifying Party. 

9.5. 
 The indemnified Party may, at its option and expense, participate in the indemnifying Party s defense with counsel of its own choosing, and if the indemnified Party so participates, the Parties shall cooperate with
one another in such defense in a commercially reasonable fashion. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, OREXIGEN shall at all times have the right to assume direction and control of the defense of any claim for which it
has agreed to indemnify MALLINCKRODT hereunder alleging infringement, misappropriation or violation of any patent, trade secret or other intellectual property right of any third party, provided that OREXIGEN will provide MALLINCKRODT, if appropriate
under the applicable circumstances, with a reasonable opportunity to review and consult from time to time concerning the strategy and action plan, and in such event MALLINCKRODT shall cooperate and assist as requested in the defense of such claim.

9.6. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 9, each Party may, and expressly reserves the right to, seek judicial relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in order to obtain an injunction or
other equitable relief for the purpose of enforcing its rights under this Section 9. 

9.7. 
 NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION HEREOF, IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO THE OTHER UNDER ANY PROVISION OF
THIS AGREEMENT OR UNDER ANY THEORY OF NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION), WHETHER OR NOT A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DAMAGES ARE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE; PROVIDED THAT, FOR CLARITY, THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO THE OBLIGATION
OF OREXIGEN TO 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 15 

INDEMNIFY MALLINCKRODT PURSUANT TO SECTION [ ] OR TO THE OBLIGATION OF MALLINCKRODT TO INDEMNIFY OREXIGEN PURSUANT TO SECTION [ ]. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION IS INTENDED TO LIMIT THE OBLIGATIONS
OF EITHER PARTY UNDER SECTION 7 ABOVE. 

10. 
 A DVERSE E VENT R EPORTING ; C OSTS AND E XPENSES OF R ECALL 

10.1. 
 OREXIGEN shall have sole control and responsibility for reporting all adverse events associated with the use of Finished Products in humans, whether expected or unexpected and whether or not considered drug related,
including the following: (i) an adverse event occurring in the course of the use of a drug product in professional practice, (ii) an adverse event occurring from drug overdose whether accidental or intentional, (iii) an adverse event
occurring from drug abuse, (iv) an adverse event occurring from drug withdrawal, and (v) any failure of expected pharmacological action with respect to the Finished Products (collectively, Adverse Events ). OREXIGEN shall also
have sole control and responsibility for responding to all Finished Product quality complaints and medical and technical inquiries, whether from lay persons, health care professionals and or Regulatory Agencies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the
extent MALLINCKRODT has an obligation to report any Adverse Events to any Regulatory Agencies it may do so provided it first provides written notice to OREXIGEN thereof and a copy of such report. In the event MALLINCKRODT (a) receives any
information regarding any Adverse Event relating to Naltrexone Hydrochloride supplied hereunder or any Finished Products or their manufacture, (b) receives any complaints relating, or potentially relating, to Naltrexone Hydrochloride supplied
hereunder or any Finished Products or their manufacture, (c) receives any medical or technical inquiry relating, or potentially relating, to Naltrexone Hydrochloride supplied hereunder or any Finished Products or their manufacture, or
(d) discovers or is notified of any material defect in Naltrexone Hydrochloride supplied hereunder or any Finished Products, it shall notify OREXIGEN within [ ] thereof. 

10.2. 
 OREXIGEN shall have sole control and responsibility for conducting or initiating (as appropriate) any product recall, product withdrawal, governmental
seizure or field correction with respect to any Finished Products Recalls ). If OREXIGEN reasonably decides to or is required to initiate a product Recall with respect to Finished Products containing any Naltrexone Hydrochloride supplied
hereunder which action is due, in whole or in part, to (i) a failure of any of the Naltrexone Hydrochloride manufactured by MALLINCKRODT hereunder to conform to Specifications (including, without limitation, it being adulterated), or any
warranty or other requirement set forth in this Agreement, (ii) the failure by MALLINCKRODT to comply in all material respects with any applicable law, rule, regulation, standard, court order or decree or (iii) the negligent or intentional
wrongful act or omission of MALLINCKRODT in connection with the production of Naltrexone Hydrochloride hereunder, OREXIGEN will notify MALLINCKRODT promptly of the details regarding such action, including providing copies of all relevant
documentation concerning such action. MALLINCKRODT will assist OREXIGEN in investigating any such situation and all regulatory contacts that are 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 16 

made and all activities concerning such Recall will be the [ ] responsibility of [ ]. If any such Recall occurs due solely to (a) a failure of any Naltrexone Hydrochloride sold by
MALLINCKRODT hereunder to conform to Specifications (including, without limitation, it being adulterated) or any warranty or other requirement set forth in this Agreement, (b) the failure by MALLINCKRODT to comply in all material respects with
any applicable law, rule, regulation, standard, court order or decree or (c) the negligent or intentional wrongful act or omission of MALLINCKRODT in connection with the production of Naltrexone Hydrochloride hereunder, then [ ] shall bear
[ ] cost and expense of any such Recall. If, on the other hand, any such Recall occurs due solely to (1) any Finished Products manufactured, sold or distributed by OREXIGEN failing to conform to their applicable specifications or otherwise
being defective where MALLINCKRODT s incorporated Naltrexone Hydrochloride met Specifications when delivered, (2) the failure of OREXIGEN to comply in all material respects with any applicable law, rule, regulation, standard, court order
or decree or (3) the negligent or intentional wrongful act or omission of OREXIGEN, then [ ] shall bear [ ] cost and expense of any such Recall and all regulatory contacts that are made will be the sole responsibility of OREXIGEN. If both
MALLINCKRODT and OREXIGEN contribute to the cause of any Recall, the cost and expenses thereof [ ], and all activities concerning such Recall will be the [ ] responsibility of OREXIGEN. 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 17 

11. 
 T ERM AND T ERMINATION 

11.1. 
 This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date (i.e., January 1, 2013) and shall continue in effect until December 31, 2014 (the Term ), unless earlier terminated. This Agreement may only be
extended with the express written agreement of both MALLINCKRODT and OREXIGEN. 

11.2. 
 This Agreement may be terminated by (i) OREXIGEN upon ninety (90) days written notice to MALLINCKRODT of a failure by MALLINCKRODT to perform or observe any material covenant, condition or agreement to be
performed or observed by it under this Agreement, unless such breach has been cured within the ninety (90) day notice period, and (ii) MALLINCKRODT upon ninety (90) days written notice to OREXIGEN of a failure by OREXIGEN to perform
or observe any material covenant, condition or agreement to be performed or observed by it under this Agreement, unless such breach has been cured within the ninety (90) day notice period; provided, however, that with respect to a failure to
timely supply ordered quantities of Naltrexone Hydrochloride under this Agreement, MALLINCKRODT shall have the right to cure such breach no more than once during any calendar year unless otherwise agreed by OREXIGEN in writing; and provided further,
that if the breach by OREXIGEN is a failure to pay an invoice when due, the notice and cure period shall be thirty (30) days. 

11.3. 
 OREXIGEN may terminate this Agreement effective immediately upon written notice to MALLINCKRODT in the event that (a) MALLINCKRODT dissolves, is declared insolvent or bankrupt by a court of competent jurisdiction,
(b) a voluntary or involuntary (if not dismissed within sixty (60) days) petition of bankruptcy is filed in any court of competent jurisdiction by or against MALLINCKRODT, or (c) this Agreement is assigned by MALLINCKRODT for the
benefit of creditors. MALLINCKRODT may terminate this Agreement effective immediately upon written notice to OREXIGEN in the event that (a) OREXIGEN dissolves, is declared insolvent or bankrupt by a court of competent jurisdiction, (b) a
voluntary or involuntary (if not dismissed within sixty (60) days) petition of bankruptcy is filed in any court of competent jurisdiction by or against OREXIGEN, or (c) this Agreement is assigned by OREXIGEN for the benefit of creditors.

11.4. 
 OREXIGEN may terminate this Agreement effective upon sixty (60) days written notice to MALLINCKRODT in the event that (a) any Regulatory Agency takes any action, or raises any objection, that completely
prevents OREXIGEN from importing, exporting, purchasing or selling either the Naltrexone Hydrochloride or the Finished Product, (b) the Finished Product fails during clinical trials and OREXIGEN withdraws its NDA, or (c) OREXIGEN
determines, in its sole discretion, to no longer pursue the development and/or commercialization of a Finished Product which contains Naltrexone Hydrochloride, provided that, any such notice shall clearly state the reasons for termination.
 
 Confidential 

 18 

11.5. 
 In the event of termination of this Agreement by either Party pursuant to any of Sections 11.2, 11.3 or 11.4 (except for any termination hereof by OREXIGEN pursuant to Section 11.2), OREXIGEN agrees to pay for
previously placed orders of Naltrexone Hydrochloride but not yet delivered to OREXIGEN, provided that MALLINCKRODT shall use reasonable commercial efforts to mitigate the amount of such payments by OREXIGEN, including, but not limited to, selling
such Naltrexone Hydrochloride to other customers, and provided further that MALLINCKRODT shall deliver Naltrexone Hydrochloride pursuant to such orders in accordance with this Agreement. 

11.6. 
 The provisions of this Section 11 as to termination shall not limit or restrict the rights of any Party to seek remedies or take measures that may be otherwise available to it at law or equity in connection with
the enforcement and performance of obligations under this Agreement. 

12. 
 N OTICES Any and all notices required to be given under this Agreement will be in writing
and effective upon receipt, sent by facsimile transmission, mailed postage prepaid by first-class certified or registered mail, or sent by express courier service, at the respective addresses, as follows: 
 If to OREXIGEN: Orexigen Therapeutics,
Inc. 3344 N. Torrey Pines Court, Suite 200 
 La Jolla, CA 92037 Attention:
VP, Technical Operations Telephone Number: (858) 875-8600 
 Facsimile Number: (858) 875-8650 With a
copy to (which shall not by itself constitute notice): Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. 
 3344 N. Torrey Pines Court, Suite 200 
 La Jolla, CA 92037 Attention:
General Counsel Telephone Number: (858) 875-8600 
 Facsimile Number: (858) 875-8650 If to
MALLINCKRODT: Mallinckrodt LLC 
 675 McDonnell Blvd. Hazelwood,
MO 63042 Attention: Dawn M. Von Rohr, Vice President General Manager, Global APIs Telephone Number: (314) 654-8619 
 Facsimile Number: (314) 654-6580 
 Confidential 

 19 

With a copy to (which shall not by itself constitute notice): 
 Mallinckrodt LLC 675 McDonnell
Blvd. Hazelwood, MO 63042 
 Attention: C. Stephen Kriegh, Vice President Legal 
 Telephone Number: (314) 654-6040 
 Facsimile Number: (314) 654-7181 

13. 
 M ISCELLANEOUS 

13.1. 
 Force Majeure . In the event that any Party hereto is prevented from complying, either in whole or in part, with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement by reason of fire, flood, storm, strike or lockout,
riot, war, rebellion, lack or failure of transportation facilities, court order, Acts of God or [ ], then, upon written notice by the Party whose performance is so affected to the other, the requirements of this Agreement so affected (to the
extent affected) shall be suspended during the period of, and only to the extent of, such disability. Said Party shall be excused by reason of said force majeure only so long as it is exercising [ ] to overcome any event of force majeure.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a force majeure event prevents a Party s performance under this Agreement for more than one hundred twenty (120) continuous days, the other Party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the
non-performing Party. 

13.2. 
 Assurances . Each Party to this Agreement shall execute, acknowledge and deliver such further instruments and documents, and do all such other acts and things as may be required by law or as may be necessary or
advisable to carry out the intents and purposes of this Agreement. The Parties will cooperate with each other and offer reasonable assistance in carrying out their respective responsibilities under this Agreement. 

13.3. 
 Dispute Resolution . Any dispute, controversy or claim arising under, out of or in connection with this Agreement, including any subsequent
amendments, or the validity, enforceability, construction, performance or breach thereof Dispute ), may, if and only if both Parties expressly agree in any circumstance, be finally settled under the Rules for Commercial Dispute
Resolution Procedures Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA then in force on the date of commencement of the arbitration by three (3) arbitrators appointed in accordance with those Rules, provided that
the arbitrators appointed have at least ten (10) years arbitration experience in the pharmaceutical industry; provided, however, if the Parties mutually agree, such arbitration may be conducted by a single mutually agreeable arbitrator. The
award rendered shall be final and binding on the Parties. Judgment upon the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The Parties agree that they will not request, and the arbitrators shall have no authority to award, punitive or
exemplary damages against either Party. The costs of any arbitration, including administrative fees and fees of the 
 Confidential 

Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 20 

arbitrators, shall be shared equally by the Parties and each Party shall bear the cost of its own attorneys and expert fees, provided that the arbitrator(s) shall have the discretion, to be
exercised in accordance with applicable law, to allocate among the Parties the arbitrators fees and litigation costs, and the arbitrator(s) shall also have authority to shift any prevailing Party s attorney s fees to any
non-prevailing Party. 

13.4. 
 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of New York, excluding its conflicts of law provisions that might apply the law of another jurisdiction.

13.5. 
 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof shall not in any way be
affected or impaired thereby unless the essential purpose(s) of this Agreement cannot be achieved by either or both of the Parties. In the event any provision shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable the Parties shall use best efforts to
substitute a valid, legal and enforceable provision which insofar as practical implements the purposes hereof. 

13.6. 
 No Assignment . No Party shall assign its rights and/or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Parties hereto, except that (a) OREXIGEN may assign this Agreement in
connection with the transfer, license or sale of all or substantially all of its assets or business to which the subject matter of this Agreement relates or in connection with any merger, consolidation or reorganization, without MALLINCKRODT s
prior written consent, and (b) MALLINCKRODT may assign this Agreement in connection with the transfer, license or sale of all or substantially all of its assets or business to which the subject matter of this Agreement relates or in connection
with any merger, consolidation or reorganization without OREXIGEN s prior written consent. 

13.7. 
 Waiver . No delay, waiver, omission or forbearance on the part of any Party to exercise any right, option, duty or power arising out of any breach or default by any other Party of any of the terms, provisions or
covenants hereof, will constitute a waiver by such Party of its rights to enforce any such right, option, duties or power as against the other Party hereto, or its rights as to any subsequent breach or default by the other Party. 

13.8. 
 Survival . Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, the obligations of the Parties which by their nature should survive and the obligations under Sections 7-13 of this Agreement and under any existing
confidentiality agreements between the Parties shall survive. 

13.9. 
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement and the Schedules and Appendices attached hereto, the confidentiality agreements referenced in
Section 13.8 and the Quality Agreement (when executed) constitute the full understanding and entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all prior oral or written understandings and
agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof. No terms, conditions, understandings or agreements purporting to modify, amend, waive or terminate this Agreement, or any provision hereof, shall be binding except by the
 
 Confidential 

 21 

execution of a writing specified to be an explicit amendment to this Agreement duly executed by the authorized signatories of the Parties hereto. No modification, waiver, termination, rescission,
discharge or cancellation of any right or claim under this Agreement shall affect the right of any Party to enforce any other claim or right hereunder. 

13.10. 
 Binding Agreement . Subject to Section 13.6, this Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns and shall insure to the benefit of the Parties and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. 

13.11. 
 Headings . The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are not a part of the text hereof. 

13.12. 
 Counterparts; Electronic Delivery . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which shall together constitute a single agreement. A facsimile, PDF or any
other type of copy of an executed version of this Agreement signed by a Party is binding upon the signing party to the same extent as the original of the signed Agreement, and may be delivered electronically. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereby agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

OREXIGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 
 MALLINCKRODT LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael A. Narachi 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Dawn Von Rohr 
 
 Name: 
 
 Michael A. Narachi 
 
 Name: 
 
 Dawn Von Rohr 
 
 Title: 
 
 President Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Title: 
 
 VP General Manager, Global APIs 
 
 Date: 
 
 02 Oct 2013 
 
 Date: 

By: 
 
 /s/ Joseph P. Hagan 

Name: 
 
 Joseph P. Hagan 

Title: 
 
 Chief Business Officer 

Date: 
 
 02 Oct 2013 

By: 
 
 /s/ Philip Roberts 

Name: 
 
 Philip Roberts 

Title: 
 
 VP, Technical Operations 

Date: 
 
 02 Oct 2013 

Legal 
 CDH 
 
 Confidential 

 22 

LIST OF DEFINED TERMS 

D EFINED T ERM 
 
 S ECTION 

AAA 

13.3 

Act 

8.1 

Adverse Events 

10.1 

Affiliate 

1.1 

Agreement 

Preamble 

cGMP 

8.1 

Defective Product 

6.1 

Direct Manufacturing Cost 

2.2 

Disclosing Party 

7.1 

Disclosure 

9.3 

Dispute 

13.3 

DMF 

2.1 

DMF Equivalent 

2.1 

Effective Date 

Preamble 

FDA 

2.2 

Finished Product 

2.2 

MALLINCKRODT 

Preamble 

MALLINCKRODT Indemnitees 

9.1 

OREXIGEN 

Preamble 

OREXIGEN Indemnitees 

9.2 

Party 

Preamble 

Parties 

Preamble 

Price 

5.1 

Proceeding 

9.3 

Proprietary Information 

7.1 

Purchase Order 

1.2 

Quality Agreement 

8.14 

Recalls 

10.2 

Receiving Party 

7.1 

Regulatory Agency 

2.2 

Regulatory Price Change 

5.2 

Rejection Notice 

6.1 

Representatives 

7.3 

Response Notice 

6.2 

Rolling Forecast 

3.2 

Rules 

13.3 

Specifications 

2.1 

Term 

11.1 

SCHEDULE A 
 SPECIFICATIONS [ ] 
 Certain information on this page
has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

SCHEDULE B 
 CERTAIN AGREED JURISDICTIONS [ ] 
 Certain information on this page
has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

SCHEDULE C 
 PRICING AND SHIPPING TERMS Freight
Terms : All Naltrexone Hydrochloride shall be delivered [ ]. Shipping Method : Land within North America, otherwise Air Freight 
 Certain information on this page
has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.35>
 3
 d652807dex1035.htm
 EX-10.35

EX-10.35 

Exhibit 10.35 
 CERTAIN MATERIAL (INDICATED BY ASTERISKS) HAS BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS DOCUMENT PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT. THE OMITTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN
FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. CONFIDENTIAL 
 AMENDMENT NUMBER 1 TO COLLABORATION AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT NUMBER 1 TO COLLABORATION AGREEMENT (the Amendment No. 1 is made and entered into as of
September 26, 2013 (the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date ), by and between Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. , a Delaware corporation located at 3344 N. Torrey Pines Court, Suite 200, La Jolla, California 92037, United
States of America Orexigen ), and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited , a Japanese corporation with a principal place of business at 1-1, Doshomachi 4-Chome Chuo-ku, Osaka 540-8645, Japan Takeda ).
Orexigen and Takeda are sometimes referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties. 
 RECITALS WHEREAS ,
Orexigen and Takeda are parties to that certain Collaboration Agreement, dated September 1, 2010 (the Agreement pursuant to which Orexigen and Takeda agreed to collaborate to continue the conduct of development and
commercialization activities for Contrave, including the investment of resources and funding by Takeda for reimbursement of past research and development expenditures made by Orexigen and to support the future development and commercialization of
Contrave; and WHEREAS , the Parties now desire to amend certain terms of the Agreement in accordance with Section 14.7
thereof. NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements set forth below, the Parties agree as
follows: 

1. 
 Definitions . Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Agreement. 

2. 
 Amendments to Definitions . 

a. 
 Section 1.74 (definition of Manufacturing is deleted and hereby replaced in its entirety by the following: 
 1.74 Manufacture with a correlative meaning for Manufacturing , means all activities related to the
manufacturing of a pharmaceutical product, or any ingredient thereof, including manufacturing Product in finished form for Development, manufacturing finished Product for Commercialization, labelling, packaging, in-process and finished
 
 Page 1 of 7 

Takeda Law 

CONFIDENTIAL 

Product testing, validation, process improvement, and process development, release of Product or any component or ingredient thereof, quality assurance activities related to manufacturing and
release of Product, ongoing stability tests and regulatory activities related to any of the foregoing. Manufacturing shall include Commercial Packaging. 

b. 
 Section 1.130 Construction is hereby amended to be Section 1.131 and the following new Section 1.130 (definition of Commercial Packaging is hereby added to read in its
entirety as follows: 1.130 Commercial Packaging means all activities after completion of
Manufacturing of Product in finished bulk form related to final packaging and labeling of Product (in commercial packaging presentation) for commercial use, including primary packaging and insertion of materials such as patient inserts, patient
medication guides, and professional inserts and any other written, printed or graphic materials accompanying Product, considered to be part of the finished packaged Product in accordance with the applicable specifications and legal requirements, and
all testing and release thereof. Commercial Packaging shall include stability testing to the extent the right and responsibility to perform stability testing is transferred to Takeda pursuant to Section 4.4. 

3. 
 A new Section 4.4 under the heading Commercial Packaging is hereby added to read in its entirety as follows: 
 4.4 Commercial Packaging . 
 4.4.1 Takeda, itself and/or through one or more of its Affiliates and/or through one or more subcontractors, shall have
the sole right and responsibility to perform Commercial Packaging in the Territory; provided, however, that Orexigen shall have the sole right and responsibility to perform stability testing on Products; provided further, however , that
the Parties may mutually agree, at any time during the Term, to transfer to Takeda the right and responsibility to perform stability testing for Product in connection with Commercial Packaging. At the time of such transfer, stability testing for
Product in final packaged form will be included in the term Commercial Packaging . Prior to any such transfer, Takeda shall provide Orexigen, at Orexigen s request, with sufficient amounts of Product after Takeda has completed
Commercial Packaging for such Product to enable Orexigen to complete stability testing for purposes of compliance with any and all regulatory requirements in the Territory. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the transfer of the right and
responsibility for Manufacturing activities pursuant to Section 4.2 for Product in the Territory from Orexigen to Takeda, Orexigen shall retain the sole right 
 Page 2 of 7 

Takeda Law 

CONFIDENTIAL 

and responsibility for all Manufacturing activities other than Commercial Packaging, including manufacturing Product in finished form for Development. 
 4.4.2 The Parties will cooperate to ensure that the NDA for Contrave in the U.S. includes the information relating to
Commercial Packaging that is necessary for (a) Takeda, its Affiliates, and/or subcontractors to perform Commercial Packaging, and (b) Orexigen to file the NDA in the U.S. for the Initial Indication for Contrave. Takeda shall provide to
Orexigen all information relating to Commercial Packaging, including a complete description of the Commercial Packaging process (including critical parameters), a list of Commercial Packaging subcontractors, a complete description of the container
closure system, and examples of primary container labels, requested by Orexigen and required for inclusion in such NDA promptly, but not later than [ ]. 
 4.4.3 Takeda shall (a) have entered, prior to receiving or packaging any Product to be used for stability testing
or for commercial use, and not later than [ ], into (i) a quality agreement with Orexigen regarding Takeda s responsibility for Commercial Packaging that is sufficient to enable Orexigen to comply with applicable regulatory obligations
as the owner of such NDA (which Takeda-Orexigen quality agreement shall terminate as soon as practicable under Laws after the date of transfer of the NDA for Contrave to Takeda pursuant to Section 3.4.2), and (ii) quality agreements with
Takeda s Commercial Packaging subcontractor(s) that are consistent with such Takeda-Orexigen quality agreement, and (b) ensure that Takeda and Takeda s Commercial Packaging subcontractors, as applicable, not later than [ ], are
capable of performing the Commercial Packaging activities that are described in such NDA under GMP conditions and are prepared to pass a pre-approval FDA inspection. Sections 3.4.5 and 3.4.6 shall apply with respect to Takeda s, its
Affiliates , and/or subcontractors performance of any Commercial Packaging activities. 4.4.4 Not later
than [ ] and upon [ ], Orexigen shall have the right to inspect Takeda, its Affiliates, and/or subcontractors, subject to any required confidentiality agreements with such subcontractors, for the sole purpose of determining whether Takeda, its
Affiliates, and/or subcontractors, as applicable, are prepared to pass a pre-approval FDA inspection. If Orexigen reasonably determines that Takeda, its Affiliates, and/or subcontractors, as applicable, are not prepared to pass a pre-approval FDA
inspection or if any delay in Regulatory Approval of such NDA would reasonably be expected to be caused by Takeda s assumption 
 Certain information on this page
has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 Page 3 of 7 

Takeda Law 

CONFIDENTIAL 

of Commercial Packaging activities, Orexigen shall promptly provide Takeda with written notice, which notice shall include a reasonably detailed explanation of Orexigen s concerns with
Takeda s, its Affiliates and/or subcontractors abilities and/or readiness in connection with Takeda s assumption of Commercial Packaging. Following Takeda s receipt of such notice, the Parties shall attempt in good faith
to resolve such concerns by negotiation and consultation between themselves. In the event that such concerns are not resolved within [ ] after Takeda s receipt of Orexigen s notice, to Orexigen s reasonable satisfaction, then
Orexigen may, as its sole and exclusive remedy, terminate Takeda s right and responsibility to perform Commercial Packaging granted pursuant to Section 4.4, by providing written notice to Takeda explaining Orexigen s decision, and all
Commercial Packaging activities shall be promptly (but in all events within [ ][ ] of written notice delivered by Orexigen to Takeda) transferred by Takeda to Orexigen; provided, however , that Orexigen may not engage any subcontractor
that Takeda has used for Commercial Packaging, and Takeda shall bear all of Takeda s, its Affiliates and subcontractors internal costs incurred in connection with such transfer. For the avoidance of doubt, Orexigen s right,
pursuant to this Section 4.4.4, to terminate Takeda s assumption of Commercial Packaging activities shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the date of transfer of the NDA for Contrave to Takeda pursuant to Section 3.4.2, and
(ii) Takeda s assumption of responsibility for manufacture and supply of Product pursuant to Section 4.2. 

4. 
 The last sentence of Section 5.7.3 is deleted and hereby replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 If the Executive Officers are unable to resolve the Dispute within [ ] of submission of such Dispute to the Executive Officers (or such
other time period as mutually agreed by the Parties), then, (a) [ ] and (b) [ ]. 

5. 
 The second milestone event in Section 7.2.1 under the heading Development Milestones is deleted and hereby replaced in its entirety with the following: 

Milestone Event 
 
 Payment 

[ ] 

[ ] 

6. 
 The paragraph at the end of Section 7.2.1 is deleted and hereby replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 For purposes of this Section 7.2.1, [ ] shall be deemed to occur if and only if [ ]. 
 Certain information on this page
has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 Page 4 of 7 

Takeda Law 

CONFIDENTIAL 

7. 
 The first sentence of Paragraph 1 under the heading Appointment as Exclusive Supplier of Exhibit 4.1 Material Terms for Manufacturing Services Agreement is deleted and hereby
replaced in its entirety with the following: During the Term, unless and until Manufacture of the Product is
transferred to Takeda pursuant to Section 4.2 of this Agreement, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.4 of this Agreement, Orexigen shall retain and have the sole and exclusive right and the obligation to Manufacture, have
Manufactured, supply or have supplied all of Takeda s, its Affiliates and permitted Sublicensees requirements of the Product for Development and Commercialization in the Territory itself or through its Third Party
Manufacturer. 

8. 
 Paragraph 2 under the heading Launch Supplies of Exhibit 4.l Material Terms for Manufacturing Services Agreement is deleted and hereby replaced in its entirety with the
following: 2. Launch Supplies . Orexigen guarantees delivery of Launch Supplies to Takeda by the delivery date
specified in Takeda s purchase order issued to Orexigen at least [ ] months prior to such delivery date; provided, however, that if any delay in delivery of Launch Supplies is caused by Takeda, then such delivery date shall be extended
for each day such delivery may be delayed. Launch Supplies means the [ ] of Contrave in finished bulk form (30 gallon HDPE drums or in such other finished bulk form as agreed to by the Parties), by dosage strength, [ ] in the
United States, which at the time of delivery, will have a minimum of [ ] remaining shelf life and will comply with the terms of this Exhibit 4.1 or, if in effect, the Manufacturing Services Agreement. [ ], and Takeda will have solely the
additional remedies set forth in paragraph 3 of this Exhibit. 

9. 
 The last sentence of Paragraph 4 under the heading Role of JMC of Exhibit 4.1 Material Terms for Manufacturing Services Agreement is deleted and hereby replaced in its
entirety with the following: [ ]. 

10. 
 Paragraph 8 under the heading Delivery of Exhibit 4.l Material Terms for Manufacturing Services Agreement is deleted and hereby replaced in its entirety with the following:
 8. Delivery . All Products shall be shipped [ ] (INCOTERMS 2010). 
 Certain information on this page
has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 Page 5 of 7 

Takeda Law 

CONFIDENTIAL 

11. 
 Paragraph 12 under the heading Recall Costs of Exhibit 4.1 Material Terms for Manufacturing Services Agreement is deleted and hereby replaced in its entirety with the following:
 12. Recall Costs. The costs of a recall conducted pursuant to Section 3.7 of this Agreement will be
(a) the responsibility of [ ], or (b) [ ]; provided, however , that [ ]. 

12. 
 Miscellaneous . 

a. 
 Full Force and Effect . This Amendment No. 1 amends the terms of the Agreement and is deemed incorporated into the Agreement. The provisions of the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment No. 1 remain in
full force and effect. 

b. 
 Entire Agreement . The Agreement and this Amendment No. 1 constitute the entire agreement, both written and oral, between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and any and all prior
agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof, either written or oral, expressed or implied, are superseded hereby, merged and canceled, and are null and void and of no effect. 

c. 
 Counterparts . This Amendment No. 1 may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be an original and all of which together will constitute one instrument. 
 [ Signature Page Follows ] 
 Certain information on this page
has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 Page 6 of 7 

Takeda Law 

CONFIDENTIAL 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amendment Number 1 to Collaboration Agreement as of the
Amendment No. 1 Effective Date. 

TAKEDA PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY LIMITED 

OREXIGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Ken Araki 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael A. Narachi 
 
 Name: 
 
 Ken Araki 

Name: 
 
 Michael A. Narachi 
 
 Title: 
 
 VP, Global Licensing Business Development 

Title: 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date: 
 
 October 1, 2013 

Date: 
 
 9/26/2013 

By: 
 
 /s/ Joseph P. Hagan 

Name: 
 
 Joseph P. Hagan 

Title: 
 
 Chief Business Officer 

Date: 
 
 9/26/2013 

Legal 

CDH 
 
 Page 7 of 7 

Takeda Law 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-10.36>
 4
 d652807dex1036.htm
 EX-10.36

EX-10.36 

Exhibit 10.36 
 CERTAIN MATERIAL (INDICATED BY ASTERISKS) HAS BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS DOCUMENT PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT. THE OMITTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN
FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO MANUFACTURING SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 NOVEMBER 1, 2013 This
Amendment No. 1 is intended to modify the M ANUFACTURING S ERVICES A GREEMENT (the Agreement dated March 12, 2010 by and between
 O REXIGEN T HERAPEUTICS , I NC . , a corporation existing under the laws of the State of Delaware Client ), and Patheon Pharmaceuticals Inc., a corporation existing under the
laws of the State of Delaware, and Patheon Inc., a corporation existing under the laws of Canada (collectively, Patheon ). All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined will have the meanings assigned to such
terms in the Agreement. The parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree to modify the Agreement as follows (the
 Amendment No. 1 ): 

1. 
 Any capitalized term that is not defined in this Amendment No. 1 will have the meaning set forth in the Agreement. 

2. 
 The definition of Manufacturing Site in Article 1, Section 1.1 of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 Manufacturing Site means the applicable facility where the Manufacturing Services are performed that is owned and
operated by Patheon that is located at 111 Consumers Drive, Whitby, Ontario L1N 5Z5 Canada; 

3. 
 Article 2, Section 2.1.1 of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 2.1.1 Appointment . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Client hereby appoints Patheon to perform the Manufacturing Services for
the Territory and to supply Product to Client for its commercial purposes, and Patheon hereby agrees to perform the Manufacturing Services and supply the Product to Client for its commercial purposes in
accordance with the Specifications, cGMPs and all Applicable Laws for the Product Pricing set forth in Schedule B. Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 2.1, Client will have the right to purchase Product from Patheon during the term of
this Agreement by placing Firm Orders for its Product requirements in accordance with Section 5.1. Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the Initial Term, Client agrees to purchase from Patheon [ ] of its Tablet Product requirements for [ ]
or [ ] of Tablet Products (the Exclusivity Obligation ). Patheon will be obligated to manufacture and supply all such Product ordered pursuant to Section 5. But the Exclusivity Obligation will cease to be binding on Client
and will be permanently converted into a non-exclusive right to purchase Tablet Product from Patheon for the remaining portion of the Initial Term (i) if there is a material breach by Patheon of any of the terms of this Agreement, which breach
is not cured within the period set forth in Section 8.2(a), or (ii) under the circumstances set forth in Section 2.2.6 or 5.2(e). Client will be entitled to take the necessary steps to qualify one or more alternative Product
manufacturers at any time during the term of this Agreement. Patheon agrees to cooperate with Client and provide all assistance, at Client s expense, as may reasonably be requested by Client to qualify an alternate manufacturer. Patheon will
not have to give an alternative manufacturer access to the Manufacturing Site. 
 Certain information on this page
has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 1 

Patheon may change the Manufacturing Site for the Products only with the prior
written consent of Client, this consent not to be unreasonably withheld. The timing and responsibility for costs relating to any change in the Manufacturing Site will be agreed to in writing by the parties. 

4. 
 Article 2, Section 2.1.2(b) of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 Quality Control and Quality Assurance . Patheon will perform the quality control and quality assurance testing specified in the
Quality Agreement. Batch review and release to Client will be the responsibility of Patheon s quality assurance group. Patheon will perform its batch review and release responsibilities in accordance with Patheon s standard operating
procedures. For the [ ] of Product manufactured, Patheon will give Client supporting documentation, including without limitation the executed batch record, a certificate of analysis and certificate of compliance for these Products, which will
specify the date of manufacture and confirm that all Products in the applicable batch conform to the Specifications, Applicable Laws and cGMPs. Thereafter, Patheon will supply this documentation upon Client s request [ ]. Per the Quality
Agreement, Client s review of additional batch records may be required to assure completeness of Patheon s quality review. Patheon will provide the necessary documentation until this assurance has been met. Client will have sole
responsibility for the release of Products to the market. The form and style of batch documents, including, but not limited to, batch production records, lot packaging records, equipment set up control, operating parameters, data printouts, and
laboratory notebooks are the exclusive property of Patheon. Specific Product related information contained in those batch documents is Client property. 

5. 
 Article 2, Section 2.1.2(e) of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 Active Materials and Client Supplied Components Importing . At least [ ] before the scheduled production date, Client will
deliver the Active Materials to the Manufacturing Site DDP (Incoterms 2010) sufficient for Patheon to manufacture the desired quantities of Product on the requested delivery date. If the Active Materials are not received [ ] before the scheduled
production date, Patheon may delay the shipment until a later date as agreed to by both parties. All shipments of Active Material will be accompanied by certificate(s) of analysis from the Active Material manufacturer. Patheon will confirm the
identity of the Active Materials and its compliance with the Active Material specifications. Patheon will perform [ ] testing of the Active Materials according to the [ ] program as directed by Client [ ]. 

6. 
 Article 2, Section 2.2.6 of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 No Material Breach . It will not be a material breach of this Agreement by Patheon under Section 8.3(a) if the Actual Annual
Yield is less than the Target Yield (the Shortfall ). But Client will be released from the Exclusivity Obligation set forth in Section 2.1.1 if the Actual Annual Yield falls more than [ ] below the Target Yield in any
Year. 

7. 
 A new Article 2, Section 2.3 will be added to the Agreement as follows: 2.3
 Project Proposals . If the parties mutually agree that Patheon will perform work in addition to the manufacturing of Product under this Agreement, the parties 
 Certain information on this page
has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 2 

will execute a mutually acceptable Project Proposal, which will set forth the work to be performed and the fees and expenses, if any, to be paid by Client in connection therewith. If there is a
conflict between the terms contained in any Project Proposal and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement will control, unless specifically agreed upon to the contrary in the Project Proposal. No obligation will be incurred by either party with
respect to this work unless a Project Proposal has been executed by the authorized agents of both parties. Patheon will conduct the work in accordance with the Project Proposal, which may be amended from time to time upon mutual agreement of the
parties. Patheon agrees not to intentionally change or deviate in any material manner from the Project Proposals without Client s prior written approval. 

8. 
 Article 4, Section 4.2(c) of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 Pricing Basis . Client acknowledges that the Price in any Year is quoted based upon the Manufacturing, Packaging and Testing
Assumptions for the price tiers specified in Schedule B. The Price is subject to change if [ ]. For greater certainty, [ ]. But Patheon will not be required to give information to Client that is subject to obligations of confidentiality between
Patheon and its suppliers. Annually, in conjunction with revised pricing and the following year forecast, the parties will agree on the target price to be charged for Product shipments. Within [ ], Patheon will debit or credit Orexigen the
difference between the amount invoiced and the sum due with respect to the aggregate amount purchased in the prior Year based on the Schedule B pricing then in effect. 

9. 
 Article 4, Section 4.2(d) of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 Cost Improvement Program . Patheon and Client agree to work together to develop cost reduction initiatives as part of an overall
cost improvement program, [ ]. Unless otherwise agreed to by parties in writing, [ ]. A cost reduction initiative for the purpose of this Agreement will be an initiative that reduces the internal or out-of-pocket costs incurred by a
party in [ ]. It is further agreed by the parties that on-going method improvements developed or adopted by either Client or Patheon independently of the other party(ies), will not be a cost reduction initiative under this section, and there will
be no obligation on a party to share the net cost savings realized from this improvement with the other party(ies) to this Agreement. For
all Price adjustments under this Section 4.2, Patheon will deliver to Client on or about [ ] of each Year a revised Schedule B to be effective for the next Year. 

10. 
 A new Article 4, Section 4.7 will be added to the Agreement as follows: 
 4.7 Attachment . Any revised Schedule B that is mutually agreed to in writing by the parties [ ] will be attached to this
Agreement. 

11. 
 Article 5, Section 5.1(a) of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 Rolling 12 Month Forecast . [ ], Client will give Patheon a non-binding 12 month forecast of the volume of Product that Client
expects to order for commercial purposes in the first 12 months of commercial manufacture of the Product. This forecast will then be updated by Client on or before the [ ] thereafter on a rolling forward basis. Client will update the forecast
forthwith if it determines that the volumes estimated in the most recent forecast have changed by more than [ ] . The most recent 12 - month forecast will prevail over all previous forecasts. 
 Certain information on this page
has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 3 

12. 
 Article 5, Section 5.1(b) of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 Firm Orders . On a rolling basis during the term of this Agreement, [ ] prior to the due date for the product on the Firm Order,
the Client will issue a firm written order in the form of a purchase order or otherwise Firm Order to purchase and, when accepted by Patheon, for Patheon to manufacture and deliver the agreed quantity of the Products on a date
specified in the Firm Order. Firm Orders submitted to Patheon will specify Client s Manufacturing Services purchase order number, quantities by Product type, monthly delivery schedule, and any other elements necessary to ensure the timely
manufacture and shipment of the Products. The quantities of Products ordered in those written orders will be firm and binding on Client. Firm Orders submitted by Client pursuant to this Section 5.1(b) must be accepted by Patheon via a written
order acknowledgement within [ ] Business Days of receipt of the Firm Order, and will be automatically firm and binding on Patheon up to quantities not more than [ ] of the amount for the delivery period specified in the Firm Order. Firm Orders
not rejected by Patheon within [ ] Business Days of receipt by Patheon will be deemed to have been accepted by Patheon. 

13. 
 Article 5, Section 5.2 of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 Delays . If Patheon, for any reason, fails to deliver, [ ] the requisite quantities of Products included within any Firm
Order (including but not limited to any Tablet Products which are subject to the Exclusivity Obligation) within [ ] after the scheduled date of delivery, or if Patheon otherwise anticipates or notifies Client that it will be unable to make
delivery of all or a portion of the ordered Products within [ ] after the scheduled date of delivery, thus known as a Late Delivery , then Client may cancel the late shipment of Products from Patheon if manufacture of the
Products has not started and purchase the Products ordered under the Firm Order from an alternative third party supplier. The quantity of Products purchased from the substitute supplier due to Patheon s failure to supply will be treated as if
it were purchased from Patheon for purposes of determining the Annual Volume for subsequent purchases of Products. If Patheon is able to demonstrate to Client s reasonable satisfaction that it has regained its ability to resume supplying
hereunder, Client s right to purchase Tablet Products from the substitute supplier will terminate immediately upon the delivery by Patheon to Client of written notice thereof except for orders already placed or obligated to be placed by Client
from the substitute supplier. (a) Patheon and the Client understand that there may be uncertainties and necessary
adjustments in production schedules during the [ ], known as the Initial Manufacturing Period . The parties agree that they will work together closely to expedite deliveries and manage the scheduling of the initial Product
launch. (b) If, after the Initial Manufacturing Period, there is a Late Delivery, Client will receive a credit from
Patheon for the Late Delivery that will be applied against the purchase price under the next Firm Order. The credit will be [ ] of the Price of the quantities of Product not delivered by Patheon under the Firm Order on the Delivery Date (i.e.,
[ ]). 
 Certain information on this page
has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 4 

(c) A Late Delivery by itself will not be a material breach of this Agreement by
Patheon for the purposes of Section 8.3. (d) A Late Delivery will not include any delay in shipment of Product caused
by events outside of Patheon s reasonable control, such as a Force Majeure Event, a delay in delivery of API or Materials, a delay in Product release approval from Client or receipt of non-conforming API supplied by Client. 
 (e) If a supply problem occurs to the extent that, in [ ], (1) [ ] Product [ ] are not delivered by [ ] or
(2) a purchase order is [ ] set forth therein, then Client will be released from the Exclusivity Obligation set forth in Section 2.1.1. 

14. 
 Article 5, Section 5.3(b) of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 If Client fails to take possession or arrange for the destruction of Components within [ ] of purchase or, in the case of finished
Product, within [ ] of manufacture, upon written notice to Client by Patheon of the impending charges, Client will pay Patheon [ ] per pallet, per [ ] thereafter for storing the Components or finished Product. Storage fees for Components or
Product which contain controlled substances or require refrigeration will be charged at [ ] per pallet per [ ]. Storage fees are subject to a [ ] pallet minimum charge per [ ]. Beginning with the Commencement Date, the parties agree to
maintain at the Manufacturing Site safety stock of finished Tablet Products Safety Stock in the amount of [ ]. The parties agree to meet in good faith to review delivery performance [ ] with the following performance metrics
being used as the basis to raise. maintain, or lower the Safety Stock level: [ ]. Patheon may [ ] finished Product in excess of Safety Stock held by it longer than [ ] months at [ ]. 

15. 
 Article 5, Section 5.5 of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 Shipments . Shipments of Products will be made EXW (INCOTERMS 2010) Patheon s shipping point unless otherwise mutually
agreed. Risk of loss or of damage to Products will remain with Patheon until Patheon loads the Products onto the carrier s vehicle for shipment at the shipping point at which time risk of loss or damage will transfer to Client. Patheon will, in
accordance with Client s instructions and as agent for Client, (i) arrange for shipping, including preparing and executing a packing list, so that the Product will be delivered to the delivery address on the delivery date set forth in the
applicable Firm Order, with such shipping to be paid by Client and (ii) at Client s risk and expense, obtain any export license or other official authorization necessary to export the Products. Client will arrange for insurance and will
select the freight carrier used by Patheon to ship Products and may monitor Patheon s shipping and freight practices as they pertain to this Agreement. Products will be packed and transported in accordance with the Specifications. 

16. 
 Article 7, Section 7.8(c) of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 Verification of CMC . At least [ ] days prior to filing with any Regulatory Authority any documentation which is or is equivalent
to the FDA s Chemistry and Manufacturing Controls CMC related to any Marketing Authorization, such as a New Drug Application or Abbreviated New Drug Application, Client will give Patheon a copy of the CMC documentation as
well as all supporting documents which have been relied upon to prepare the CMC documentation to the extent 
 Certain information on this page
has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 5 

including CMC information regarding the work performed by Patheon under this Agreement, including any data generated by Patheon in connection with such work. Patheon will verify that the CMC
documentation accurately describes the work that Patheon has performed and the manufacturing processes that Patheon will perform under this Agreement. Client will give Patheon copies of all FDA filings at the time of submission to the extent
containing CMC information regarding the work performed by Patheon under this Agreement, including any data generated by Patheon in connection with such work. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Client may omit from the materials provided to Patheon any
CMC documentation and supporting documents which have been previously provided to Patheon by Client and which have not been modified or edited by Client. 

17. 
 Article 8, Section 8.2(b) of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 Except for a termination under Sections 8.3 (a), (b) or (c), if there is a Client Termination for the [ ] prior to the expiration
of the Initial Term, Client will pay to Patheon (i) [ ] if the date of the Termination Notice (the Notice Effective Date occurs [ ] (the Client Termination Payment ). The Client Termination Payment
will be due to Patheon no later than [ ] Business Days following the effective date of the Client Termination. For the avoidance of doubt, no Client Termination Payment will result from a Client Termination that is effective on or after the
expiration of the Initial Term or from a Client Termination made under Sections 8.3 (a), (b) or (c). 

18. 
 The first email address set forth in Article 13, Section 13.9 of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 [ ] 

19. 
 Schedule A of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the Schedule A set forth on Exhibit 1 of this Amendment No. 1. 

20. 
 Schedule B of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the Schedule B set forth on Exhibit 2 of this Amendment No. 1. 

21. 
 Schedule E of the Agreement will be deleted and replaced in its entirety with the Schedule E set forth on Exhibit 3 of this Amendment No. 1. 

22. 
 Except for the matters set forth in this Amendment No. 1, all other terms of the Agreement will remain unchanged and will continue in full force and effect. If there is any conflict between the terms of the
Agreement and this Amendment No. 1, the terms of this Amendment No. 1 will govern. 

23. 
 The Agreement and this Amendment No. 1 represent the complete and entire understanding between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior or contemporaneous negotiations,
representations or agreements, either written or oral, regarding this subject matter. The Agreement and this Amendment No. 1 cannot be modified or amended except in a writing signed by an appropriate officer of each of the parties hereto.

24. 
 This Amendment No. 1 will be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, excluding its conflicts of law provisions, and the laws of the United States of America applicable therein
and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts thereof. The UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to this Amendment No. 1. 
 Certain information on this page
has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

 6 

25. 
 This Amendment No. 1 may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but both of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. A facsimile, PDF or any other type of
copy of an executed version of this Agreement signed by a Party is binding upon the signing party to the same extent as the original of the signed Agreement, and may be delivered electronically. 
 [Signature Page to Follow] 
 7 

I N W ITNESS W HEREOF , the
parties hereto have duly executed this Amendment No. 1 as of the last date set forth on this signature page below. 

PATHEON PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Francis P. McCune 

Name: Francis P. McCune 

Title: Secretary 

Date: 11/1/2013 

PATHEON INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jason Conner 

Name: Jason Conner 

Title: VP, Legal Assistant General Counsel 

Date: 11/3/2013 

OREXIGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael A. Narachi 

Name: Michael A. Narachi 

Title: President CEO 

Date: November 13, 2013 

By: 
 
 /s/ Joseph P. Hagan 

Name: Joseph P. Hagan 

Title: CBO 

Date: November 13, 2013 

By: 
 
 /s/ Philip Roberts 

Name: Philip Roberts 

Title: VP, Technical Operations 

Date: November 13, 2013 

8 

Exhibit 1 

SCHEDULE A 
 PRODUCT LIST AND SPECIFICATIONS 
 Products List [ ] 
 Specifications [ ] 
 Certain information on this page
has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

Exhibit 2 

SCHEDULE B 
 Product Pricing [ ] 
 Certain information on this page
has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

Exhibit 3 

SCHEDULE E 
 Capital Requirements [ ] 
 [ ] 
 Certain information on this page
has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 d652807dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 (1) Registration Statements (Form S-3 No. 333-183918) of Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. and 
 (2) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-142405, 333-165442, 333-175071 and 333-189120) pertaining to the Orexigen Therapeutics,
Inc. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, 2004 Stock Plan and the Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan; of our reports
dated March 13, 2014, with respect to the financial statements of Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Orexigen
Therapeutics, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2013. /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 San Diego, California March 13, 2014 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 d652807dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael A. Narachi, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this
annual report on Form 10-K of Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 13, 2014 

/s/ Michael A.
Narachi 
 
 Michael A. Narachi 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 d652807dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Joseph P. Hagan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this
annual report on Form 10-K of Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: March 13, 2014 

/s/ Joseph P. Hagan 
 
 Joseph P. Hagan 
 
 Chief Business Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 d652807dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certifications Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of
Title 18, United States Code) In connection with the Annual Report of Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
 Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael A. Narachi, President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 13, 2014 
 
 /s/ Michael A.
Narachi 

Michael A. Narachi 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer of the registrant) 
 In connection with the Report, I, Joseph P. Hagan, Chief Business Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 13, 2014 
 
 /s/ Joseph P.
Hagan 

Joseph P. Hagan 

Chief Business Officer (principal financial and
accounting officer of the registrant) 
 The foregoing certifications are being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and are not
being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general
incorporation language in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 orex-20131231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 orex-20131231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 orex-20131231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 orex-20131231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 orex-20131231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 orex-20131231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

