<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20140415_10-K_edgar_data_1450390_0001145443-14-000485.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>33874909</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>235009</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>30876469</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>773932</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1041078</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>868490</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001145443-14-000485.hdr.sgml : 20140415
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20140415152222
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001145443-14-000485
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140415

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BAKKEN RESOURCES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001450390
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				262973652
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53632
		FILM NUMBER:		14764884

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1425 BIRCH AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			HELENA
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		406-442-9444

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1425 BIRCH AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			HELENA
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MULTISYS LANGUAGE SOLUTIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081119

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001145443-14-000485.txt : 20140415

10-K
 1
 d31047.htm
 10-K

BAKKEN RESOURCES, INC. 10-K 12/31/10 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 10-K 

[X] 
 Annual Report under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013. 
 
 [ ] 
 Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 for the transition period from _____ to_____. 

Commission File Number: 000-53632 

BAKKEN RESOURCES, INC. 
 (Exact name of small business issuer as specified in its charter) 

Nevada 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 26-2973652 
 (I.R.S. employer 
 identification number) 

1425 Birch Ave. Suite A; Helena, MT 59601 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 
 (406) 442-9444 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common Stock, .001 par value 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES
 [ ] NO [X] 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act. YES [ ] NO [X] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES [X] NO [ ] 

-1- 

Indicate by check mark if the disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained in
this herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in
Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer,
or a smaller reporting company. See definition of accelerated filer, larger accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 
 Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ]
 Non- accelerated filer [ ] Smaller reporting company [X] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES [
 ] NO [X] 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of December 31, 2013 is 4,785,270.14 based on the average closing price of the Registrant s common stock as currently listed on the OTC Bulletin Board exchange. Shares of
Common Stock held by each officer and director and by each person who is known by the registrant to own 10 or more of the outstanding Common Stock, if any,
have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. The determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive
determination for any other purpose. The shares of our company are currently listed on the OTC Bulletin Board exchange, symbol BKKN . 
 
 Number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock as of April 14, 2014 is 56,735,350 shares. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 None. 

-2- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 17 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 27 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 32 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 32 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 33 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 34 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 35 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk 
 
 41 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 42 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 57 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 57 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 57 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 58 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 61 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 62 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
Director Independence 
 
 62 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 63 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 64 

SIGNATURES 

-3- 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 
 We are including the following discussion to inform our existing and potential security holders generally
of some of the risks and uncertainties that can affect our company and to take advantage of the safe harbor protection for forward-looking
statements that applicable federal securities law affords. 
 
 From time to time, our management or persons acting on our behalf may make forward-looking statements to
inform existing and potential security holders about our company. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report regarding our
financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, industry conditions, and indebtedness covenant compliance are
forward-looking statements. When used in this report, forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by terms or phrases such as estimate, 
 project, predict, believe, expect, anticipate, target, plan, 
 intend, seek, goal, will, should, may or other words and similar expressions that convey
the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Items contemplating or making
assumptions about, actual or potential future sales, market size, collaborations, and trends or operating results also constitute such forward-looking
statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, and important factors (many of which
are beyond our company's control) that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements, including the
following: general economic or industry conditions, nationally and/or in the communities in which our company conducts business, changes in the interest rate
environment, legislation or regulatory requirements, conditions of the securities markets, our ability to raise capital, changes in accounting principles,
policies or guidelines, financial or political instability, acts of war or terrorism, other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory and technical
factors affecting our company's operations, products, services and prices. 
 
 We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future
events. While our management considers these expectations and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic,
competitive, regulatory and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control.
Accordingly, results actually achieved may differ materially from expected results in these statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date
they are made. You should consider carefully the statements in Item 1A. Risk Factors and other sections of this report, which describe factors
that could cause our actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. We do not undertake, and specifically disclaim, any
obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances occurring after the date of such statements. 
 
 Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of
the date of this report. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the
date of this report, other than as may be required by applicable law or regulation. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures
made by us in our reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC which attempt to advise interested parties of
the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those expected or projected. 

-4- 

BAKKEN RESOURCES, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT OF FORM 10-K 
 FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2013 
 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 
 Overview and Background 
 
 Bakken Resources, Inc. the Company , BRI , we , us , or
 our owns mineral rights to approximately 7,200 gross acres and 1,600 net mineral acres of land located about 8 miles southeast of Williston, North
Dakota. The Company s net mineral acres consist generally of 1,600 net mineral acres deriving from the sub-surface to the base of what is commonly referred
to as the rock unit commonly referred to as the Bakken formation. Approximately 800 of such 1,600 net mineral acres, consist also of mineral rights extending
below the Bakken formation (which include, without limitation, the source rock commonly referred to as the Three Forks formation(s)). 
 
 These mineral rights currently bear to us an average of 12 royalty from the oil and gas produced on
such lands until November 2020, at which time a 5 overriding royalty currently held by Holms Energy, LLC, a private Nevada company Holms Energy will revert back to the Company. 
 
 According to the U.S. Geological Survey, the Bakken Formation, is a thin but widespread unit within the central and deeper portions of the Williston Basin in Montana, North Dakota, and
the Canadian Provinces of Saskatchewan and Manitoba. The formation consists of three members: (1) lower shale member, (2) middle sandstone member, and (3) upper
shale member. Each succeeding member is of greater geographic extent than the underlying member. Both the upper and lower shale members are organic-rich marine
shale of fairly consistent lithology; they are the petroleum source rocks and part of the continuous reservoir for hydrocarbons produced from the Bakken
Formation. The middle sandstone member varies in thickness, lithology, and petrophysical properties, and local development of matrix porosity enhances oil
production in both continuous and conventional Bakken reservoirs. source: USGS Fact Sheet, April 2008 ). Generally, the source rock commonly
referred to as the Three Forks Formation is located geologically below the Bakken formation. 
 
 We currently have leases with four contracted oil drilling operators on various parcels of land
constituting the 7,200 gross acres (and approximately 1,600 net mineral acres) on which we have mineral rights royalty interests. The contracted oil drilling
companies with whom we are parties in interest pursuant to lease agreements (collectively, the Lessees that we acquired rights to in November 2010
include: Oasis Petroleum, Continental Resources, Inc., Statoil ASA and Zenergy Inc. We have no rights to influence the activities conducted by these Lessees of
our mineral rights, but if the Lessees do not accomplish the agreed upon drilling programs within the timeline, they can lose their leases. 
 
 The predecessor to our company was incorporated on June 6, 2008, under the laws of the state of Nevada,
under the name Multisys Language Solutions, Inc. MLS ). Holms Energy contributed the primary assets that formed the basis of our current business
operations. In connection with the closing of the transactions resulting in the contribution of the mineral rights held by Holms Energy in November 2010, Holms
Energy received forty million (40,000,000) shares of common stock of the Company. Holms Energy retained a 5 overriding royalty on all gross revenue generated
from the Company's gas and oil production royalty revenues. 
 
 Also in connection with the November 2010 transactions, the Company purchased approximately 800 net
mineral acres from the Revocable Living Trust of Rocky G. Greenfield and Evenette G. Greenfield. 
 
 The mineral rights received by the Company from the contribution by Holms Energy in connection with the
November 2010 transactions included mineral rights from the surface to the base of the Bakken formation. The mineral rights received by the Company from the
Greenfields include all mineral rights from the surface to the basement. 
 
 Subsequent to the closing of the Asset Purchase Agreement with Holms Energy, on December 10, 2010, MLS
changed its name to Bakken Resources, Inc. These transactions and the resulting change of control are described below under Acquisition of Assets. 
 
 Description of Oil Leases and Oil Production 
 
 BRI currently derives its primary source of revenue from royalties generated from leasing its mineral
acreage. BRI s mineral acreage consists of approximately 1,600 net mineral acres located primarily in McKenzie County, North Dakota. Such 1,600 net mineral
acres are currently spread across 16 spacing units. Operators in the area where BRI s minerals are located have been approved for up to eight wells per
spacing unit (typically 1,280 acres), but generally petition for permits prior to the commencement of drilling in a particular spacing unit. Assuming this would apply for all spacing units under
which BRI has mineral acres, BRI would have a royalty interest in up to 112 wells. Note, however, that the royalties due to BRI under any particular well would
vary based on the number of acres BRI has under any particular spacing unit where there is a producing well. An example of an application for permit to drill a
horizontal well is shown below. This permit is for a well in the area where BRI s minerals are located (section 21, T152N R100W). Section 21 currently has
7 wells drilled. Order number 20946 of the North Dakota Industrial Commission shows that Oasis Petroleum, one of the operators in the BRI mineral acres area,
has applied for up to 8 wells per 1280-acre spacing unit (1 st page of order 20946 follows). 

-5- 

-6- 

-7- 

As of December 31, 2013, BRI received royalty income primarily from 30 Bakken formation producing wells,
11 Three Forks formation wells, and 3 Madison formation producing wells. During 2013, the dollar amount of such royalties received from the aggregate number of
producing wells was approximately 4,000,000. BRI has interest under several other wells which have been drilled and likely producing, but for which royalties
have yet to be received as of December 31, 2013. BRI is currently receiving royalty income from four wells which have been determined to be drilled in the Three
Forks formation. The Company is currently assessing these wells for purposes of determining if such royalty income is owned by the Company as a result of the
transactions giving rise to the current operations of the Company in November 2010. 
 
 With respect to drilling operations, pursuant to the North Dakota Oil and Gas Commission, long lateral
deep horizontal multi-stage fracking wells in the Bakken Formation must be permitted in spacing unit of not less than 640 acres, up to 1,280 acres, with some
exceptions. The spacing units have to be approved and permitted in advance of drilling by the North Dakota Oil and Gas Commission. Recently, the NDIC has
approved multi-well permits for wells drilled in the Three Forks formation along several of the defined benches typically associated with separate
geologic benchmarks contained in the Three Forks formation. Since approximately one-third of the Company s current net mineral acres include acreage in the
Three Forks formation, any increase in the drilling operations on the Company s net mineral acres which include permitted for Three Forks wells may result
an increased number of total wells from which the Company may derive
royalty income. 
 
 When a horizontal well is drilled in the area where the subject property is located, they typically drill
down about 10,800 vertical feet and then utilize a downhole directional drilling tool to flatten the hole to 90 degrees and drill horizontally down the oil and
gas producing formation. Horizontal directional drilling provides more contact area to the oil bearing formation than a typical vertical well. This method of
drilling together with fracking is referred to as an enhanced oil recovery method, and is the primary source of recovery from the Bakken Formation. BRI does,
however, have interests in certain wells not drilled into the Bakken Formation. 
 
 Well activity information for wells in which the company has mineral interest is compiled in a table which
is available on the Company web site at http://www.bakkenresourcesinc.com/ under the BRI well activity heading. 
 
 The information provided in this table is categorized by well name, the operator, field and pool, the
North Dakota Industrial Commission NDIC identifying number, and the well status and location description. Well status is defined by several
categories: Producing; Confidential; Drilling; and Permitted Location to Drill. The table is updated as new information becomes available on the NDIC website at
https://www.dmr.nd.gov/oilgas/. Included on the table are NDIC file numbers which can be used when searching for information for each well listed on the BRI
webpage. Individuals may subscribe to the NDIC website following the prompts on the homepage. A premium service subscription is also available for a fee. 
 
 The following spreadsheet shows the following: (i) the number of reported wells at the end of each quarter
of 2013; (ii) the wells that paid royalties in each quarter of 2013; and (iii) the time lag between initial reporting of wells and the receipt of royalties. 

-8- 

-9- 

Results above should be read in connection with the notes
accompanying the financial
statements shown under Part IV of this annual report. 
 
 Currently, most of the leases covering the Company s mineral acres contain what is commonly referred
to as continuous drilling clauses . Generally, a continuous drilling clause requires an operator to maintain active drilling operations in order to
hold or extend an oil and gas lease past the natural expiration date of the lease. A majority of the Company s current leases currently have active
drilling operations and are likely to have active operations in the foreseeable future. 

-10- 

Acquisition of Assets 
 
 On June 11, 2010, Multisys Language Solutions, Inc. or MLS, Multisys Acquisition, and Holms Energy entered
into an Option to Purchase Assets Agreement, pursuant to which Holms Energy agreed to grant Multisys Acquisition an option to exercise an Asset Purchase
Agreement to assign all right, title, and interest of specific Holms Energy owned oil and gas mineral rights to Multisys Acquisition. On November 26, 2010, MLS
completed an initial closing of a private placement in the amount of 1,545,000 that issued 6,180,000 shares at 0.25 per share and 3,090,000 three-year
warrants exercisable for 3,090,000 shares at .50 per share, callable at 0.01 per share at any time after November 26, 2011, if the underlying shares are
registered, and the common stock trades for 20 consecutive trading days at an average closing sales price of 1.00 or more. Such warrants are now expired. 
 
 We concurrently exercised the option with Holms Energy and executed an Asset
Purchase Agreement by and between MLS, Holms Energy, and Multisys Acquisition in order to acquire certain interests in mineral rights and assets from Holms
Energy. The option was exercised on November 26, 2010 and the Asset Purchase Agreement was entered into on November 26, 2010 by paying the consideration to
Holms Energy detailed in the Asset Purchase Agreement. Under the Asset Purchase Agreement, Multisys Acquisition paid Holms Energy 100,000, issued Holms Energy
40,000,000 shares of restricted common stock, and granted to Holms Energy a 5 overriding royalty on all revenue generated from the Holms Property (defined
herein) for ten years from the date of the acquisition closing. With the issuance of the 40,000,000 shares to the Holms Energy members, the Holms Energy members
own a controlling interest in BRI. Holms Energy disbursed 40,000,000 shares to
its members on a ratable ownership basis as a liquidating dividend to members. 
 
 The Asset Purchase Agreement related to the acquisition of: 1) certain Holms Energy mineral rights in oil
and gas rights on approximately 7,200 gross acres and 1,600 net mineral acres of land located in McKenzie County, 8 miles southeast of Williston, North Dakota
(the Holms Property 2) potential production royalty income from wells to be drilled on the property whose oil and gas mineral rights are owned by
Holms Energy; and 3) the transfer of all right, title and interest to an Option to Purchase the mineral rights from Rocky G. Greenfield and Evenette G.
Greenfield entered into between Holms Energy and the Revocable Living Trust of Rocky G. Greenfield and Evenette G. Greenfield related to purchasing additional
oil and gas mineral rights and production royalty income on the Holms Property for One Million Six Hundred Forty Nine Thousand 1,649,000) Dollars (the
 Greenfield Option (altogether, the Asset Acquisition ). The Greenfield mineral rights were acquired by Multisys Acquisition through the
Asset Purchase Agreement with Holms Energy on November 12, 2010. Holms Energy entered into a 485,000 one month non-interest bearing loan from BRI (the
 Greenfield Note to complete the initial payment of 400,000 for the purchase of the Greenfield mineral rights. The purchase price of the Greenfield
mineral rights under the agreement with Holms Energy (which was assumed by the Company in connection with the completion of the November 2010 transactions) was
an aggregate of 1,649,000 plus interest as follows: an initial payment of 400,000; installment payments generally in the amount of 30,000 per quarter
plus interest at 5 per annum for 8 years and an original balloon payment in the amount of 289,000 (which is subject to reduction in the event the Company
accelerates payments under the Greenfield Note). The scheduled installment payments of 30,000 per quarter are subject to the amount of 35 of net
revenues received in connection with the purchased Greenfield mineral rights. Payments made in excess of the amounts originally scheduled are applied to the
outstanding principal amount of the loan. The collateral for the Greenfield Note are the Greenfield mineral rights. Under the terms of the loan from BRI to
Holms Energy, Holms Energy, in conjunction with the entry into the Asset Purchase Agreement on November 26, 2010, assigned the Greenfield mineral rights to
Multisys Acquisition in exchange for forgiveness of 385,000 of the loan. The other 100,000 of the loan was to be applied to the Asset Purchase Agreement
between BRI and Holms Energy, and on November 26, 2010, that 100,000 was applied to the Asset Purchase Agreement and the loan was forgiven. The Greenfield
Note was fully repaid in August 2013. 
 
 In conjunction with the exercise of the option and execution of the Asset Purchase Agreement with Holms
Energy, Multisys Acquisition acquired the rights to the Asset Purchase Agreement between Holms Energy and the Greenfields and therefore purchased the gas and
oil production royalty rights of the Revocable Living Trust of Rocky G. Greenfield and Evenette G. Greenfield. 

Change of Control of Bakken Resources, Inc. 
 
 After the closing of the Asset Purchase Agreement on November 26, 2010 which involved, in part, the
issuance of 40 million (40,000,000) shares of BRI common stock to Holms Energy. Holms Energy subsequently declared a special liquidating dividend distribution
of such 40 million shares to its members. Following such distribution, the members of Holms Energy beneficially then held in aggregate approximately 76.2 of
the outstanding shares of common stock of Multisys Language Solutions after the closing of the Asset Purchase Agreement on November 26, 2010. After the closing
of the transaction, based on an informal agreement in place, the current directors of MLS appointed the nominees designated by Holms Energy, LLC as members of
the board of directors of MLS on December 1, 2010. Subsequently, the current officers and directors of MLS resigned their positions, clearing the way for the
appointment of new executive officers by the new board of directors of
MLS. Pursuant to the authorization from MLS stockholders for the amendment of the articles of incorporation of MLS at a special meeting of stockholders, MLS
changed its corporate name from Multisys Language Solutions, Inc. to Bakken Resources, Inc. on December 10, 2010 to reflect its new business focus. 

-11- 

Business Strategy 
 
 We plan to focus on evolving into a growth-orientated independent energy company engaged in the
acquisition, exploration, exploitation, and development of oil and natural gas properties. We plan to initially focus our activities mainly in the Williston
Basin, a large sedimentary basin in eastern Montana, Western North and South Dakota, and Southern Saskatchewan known for its rich deposits of petroleum and
potash. To date, we have collected approximately 6.6 million in revenues from royalties generated from our mineral rights. 
 
 Per our business plan and strategy, we have pursued relationships to gather information on future
potential oil and gas drilling projects and explored and contemplated possible joint partnerships in other drilling programs. We previously announced our
acquisition of mineral acreage in the Duck Lake region of Western Montana, in a potential oil play commonly referred to as the Alberta Bakken. We also announced
our acquisition of a 17 working interest in an operating well located in Archer County, Texas. The Company remains in discussion with various groups for
strategic partnerships and plans to announce the completion of such arrangements if and when they are consummated. 
 
 Geology of the Bakken Formation and the Three Forks Formation 
 
 The geological formation, as well as many other criteria, determines the production
level of any commercial wells, which impact the potential future royalty revenue, if any. The following profile of the Williston Basin gives an idea as to the
value of our mineral assets. Our leases are in a geographic area known as the Williston Basin, which is a large intracratonic sedimentary basin in eastern
Montana, western North and South Dakota and southern Saskatchewan known for its rich deposits of petroleum and potash. The basin is a geologic structural basin
but not a topographic depression; it is transected by the Missouri River. The oval-shaped depression extends approximately 475 miles (764 km) north-south and
300 miles (480 km) east-west. The map below shows the general location of the Bakken Formation and the Alberta Bakken (not intended to show or represent the
location of any oil fields). Source: http://seekingalpha.com/article/284628-the-alberta-bakken-the-smaller-sibling-offers-compelling-prospects). 

The smaller area shown in the northwest portion of Montana shows generally
the location of mineral acreage BRI purchased in Fall 2011 (referred to as the Duck Lake Property ). Drilling has not begun on the Duck Lake
Property. 

-12- 

The Bakken formation has received considerable recognition for its oil
production capabilities. Oil was discovered in this formation in 1951 but production was difficult to achieve at that time. Technological developments and
improvements since then have given operators the capabilities in recent years to develop the formation. In April 2008, the United States Geological Service
(USGS) released a report estimating the amount of oil recoverable with current technology ranged from 3.0 to 4.3 billion barrels. At the same time, the State of
North Dakota also released a report estimating recoverable oil at 2.1 billion barrels. Other industry estimates place the total oil available, which includes
oil that cannot be recovered with current technology, at 18 billion barrels. The USGS is currently further reassessing the amount of technically recoverable oil
in the Bakken formation and such report is expected to be released in late
2014. 
 There are several formations below the subsurface of the Bakken formation
known commonly as the Three Forks. Evaluative wells have already been drilled to these benches of the Three Forks. Operators have recently begun
exploratory drilling into these benches. Several operators have announced plans to evaluate high density drilling possibilities to these benches. The graphic
below shows a development pilot program Continental has announced as part of its Three Forks drilling program. 
 (Source: Seeking Alpha
(http://seekingalpha.com/article/1248431-bakken-the-downspacing-bounty-and-birth-of-array-fracking 

-13- 

The drilling pattern in this graphic is known as array drilling. The offset pattern of drilling is
expected to allow high density drilling for a spacing unit (1,280 acres). The goal is to increase the number of wells without impacting the number of barrels
produced from each well. 
 
 BRI owns mineral acres in the Three Forks formation through its ownership of the former Greenfield mineral
assets. 
 
 According to the North Dakota Industrial Commission, Oil and Gas Division, the Bakken Shale in the
Williston Basin is over 11,000 ft. deep at the center of the formation and rises to 3,100 ft. on the edges of the basin. The Bakken Formation is composed of
three distinct members. The first layer averages twenty three feet in depth and consists of blackish marine shale. The second member runs from 30 ft. to 80 ft.
and composed of interbedded limestone, siltstone, sandstone and dolomite. The bottom member is a dark black marine shale that averages 10 ft. to 30 ft. in
thickness. All three formations that make up the Bakken are rich in an organic material called Kerogen. When Kerogen is heated (thermogenic processes) or broken
down by organic means (biogenic processes), natural gas and oil are created. The Bakken Formation is capped by a very thick limestone formation called the
Lodgepole. It is because of this limestone cap that there is so much gas and oil
trapped in the shale horizon. The Bakken Formation is what is considered a thermally mature deposit and the oil from the Bakken has a 41 specific gravity and is
deemed to be commercially high grade crude oil. 
 
 Horizontal Drilling 
 
 Horizontal or directional drilling has revolutionized the way the oil and gas wells are being drilled in
the Williston Basin. The reason that horizontal drilling is changing the oil and gas business is that a well drilled horizontally through a formation that
contains oil and gas should produce many more times that of a vertical well. A vertical well will only penetrate a limited area of the productive zone, whereas
a well drilled horizontally may penetrate up to 10,000 of the zone. This also means that previously tight shale formations such as the Bakken formation
can result in prolific production. 
 
 The Bakken formation has poor porosity which reduces the ability of the gas and oil to flow out of this
horizon. Recently, horizontal drilling of lateral holes combined with hydraulic fracturing (commonly referred to as fracking has resulted in
substantial production from thick formations that have poor porosity. It should be noted, however, that porosity and the permeability of the oil shale rock can
vary widely and unpredictably over short distances, thus dry wells can be found next to prolific wells with little explanation geologically. 
 
 Fracking is a procedure whereby packers (plugs) are set every 250 to 300 and up to ten 2,000
horsepower hydraulic pumps deliver high pressure fluids that contain a high percentage of round ceramic beads and sand are utilized as proppants and keep the
fissures and fractures open along the bedding-planes that are created by the high pressure fluids. The fissures and channels created by the high pressure fluid
and held open by the ceramic beads that are left behind; provide a pathway to allow the gas and oil to flow into the drill hole. 

-14- 

Two technologies are currently being used to enhance horizontal drilling: 1) log while drilling LWD and 2) drill string radar DST ). LWD uses long sensors which read gamma radiation given off by the formation, which provides real
time information to the drillers and this information is gathered and assists drillers to drill in the optimum sections of the formation. DST provides
information to the driller on the surface as to what direction, angle and depth the well is being drilled. The combination of the two technologies greatly
assists keeping the drill bit in the optimum location within the Bakken formation. 
 
 Below is a diagram example of horizontal drilling. 

Governmental Regulations 
 
 Our operations are not directly subject to various rules, regulations and limitations impacting the oil
and natural gas exploration and production industry as whole, however, operators who operate on our properties may be impacted by such rules and regulations.

Regulation of Oil and Natural Gas Production . Oil and natural gas exploration, production
and related operations, when developed, are subject to extensive rules and regulations promulgated by federal, state and local authorities and agencies. For
example, the state of North Dakota and Montana requires permits for exploration drilling, operation of commercial wells, submission of several reports
concerning operations of wells and imposes other requirements relating to the production of oil and natural gas. Such states may also have statutes and
regulations addressing conservation matters, including provisions for the unitization or pooling of oil and natural gas properties, the establishment of maximum
rates of production from wells, and the regulation of spacing, plugging and abandonment of such wells. Failure to comply with any such rules and regulations by
our operators can result in substantial penalties, which in turn, may impact the
amount of royalty revenue we derive from our leased properties. Although we believe that we are currently in substantial compliance with all applicable laws and
regulations, to the extent they apply to us, because such rules and regulations are frequently amended or reinterpreted, we are unable to predict the future
cost or impact of complying with such laws. Significant expenditures may be required to comply with governmental laws and regulations and may have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 The following environmental discussion may be applicable directly to our operators; however, we could be
indirectly impacted, since environmental laws and regulations could significantly impact production of the wells on our properties. Our operators and properties
are impacted by extensive and changing federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including the generation, storage,
handling, emission, transportation and discharge of materials into the environment, and relating to safety and health, as such regulations relate to our
operators. The recent trend in environmental legislation and regulation generally is toward stricter standards, and this trend will likely continue. These laws
and regulations may: 

require the acquisition of a permit or other authorization before construction or drilling commences
and for certain other activities; 

limit or prohibit construction, drilling and other activities on certain lands lying within
wilderness and other protected areas; and 

impose substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from its operations. 

The permits required by our operators may be subject to revocation, modification and renewal by issuing
authorities. Governmental authorities have the power to enforce their regulations, and violations are subject to fines or injunctions, or both. In the opinion
of management, we are in substantial compliance with current applicable environmental laws and regulations, and have no material commitments for capital
expenditures to comply with existing environmental requirements. 

-15- 

Nevertheless, changes in existing environmental laws and regulations or in interpretations thereof could have a significant
impact on BRI, as well as the oil and natural gas industry in general. 
 
 The Comprehensive Environmental, Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA and
comparable state statutes impose strict, joint and several liabilities on owners and operators of sites and on persons who disposed of or arranged for the
disposal of hazardous substances found at such sites. It is not uncommon for the neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for
personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the hazardous substances released into the environment. The Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery
Act RCRA and comparable state statutes govern the disposal of solid waste and hazardous waste and authorize the imposition
of substantial fines and penalties for noncompliance. Although CERCLA excludes petroleum from its definition of hazardous substance, state laws
affecting our operators may impose clean-up liability relating to petroleum
and petroleum related products. In addition, although RCRA classifies certain oil field wastes as non-hazardous, such exploration and production
wastes could be reclassified as hazardous wastes thereby making such wastes subject to more stringent handling and disposal requirements. 
 
 Our operations are also subject to the federal Clean Water Act and analogous state laws. The Clean Water
Act and similar state acts regulate other discharges of wastewater, oil, and other pollutants to surface water bodies, such as lakes, rivers, wetlands, and
streams. Failure to obtain permits for such discharges could result in civil and criminal penalties, orders to cease such discharges, and costs to remediate and
pay natural resources damages. Under the Clean Water Act, the EPA has adopted regulations concerning discharges of storm water runoff. This program requires
covered facilities to obtain individual permits, or seek coverage under a general permit. Some of our properties may require permits for discharges of storm
water runoff and our operators may apply for storm water discharge permit coverage and updating storm water discharge management practices at some of our
facilities. These laws also require the preparation and implementation of
Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure Plans in connection with on-site storage of significant quantities of oil. 
 
 The federal Clean Air Act and comparable state laws regulate emissions of various air pollutants through
air emissions permitting programs and the imposition of other requirements. In addition, the EPA has developed and continues to develop stringent regulations
governing emissions of toxic air pollutants at specified sources. Federal and state regulatory agencies can impose administrative, civil and criminal penalties
for non-compliance with air permits or other requirements of the federal Clean Air Act and associated state laws and regulations. The operations provided by our
operators, may be, in certain circumstances and locations, subject to permits and restrictions under these statutes for emissions of air pollutants. 
 
 The Endangered Species Act ESA seeks to ensure that activities do not jeopardize endangered
or threatened animal, fish and plant species, nor destroy or modify the critical habitat of such species. Under ESA, exploration and production operations, as
well as actions by federal agencies, may not significantly impair or jeopardize the species or its habitat. ESA provides for criminal penalties for willful
violations of the Act. Other statutes that provide protection to animal and plant species and that may apply to our operations include, but are not necessarily
limited to, the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, the Fishery Conservation and Management Act, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act and the National Historic
Preservation Act. Although we believe that our operations will be in substantial compliance with such statutes, any change in these statutes or any
reclassification of a species as endangered could subject BRI to significant expenses
to modify our operations or could force BRI to discontinue certain operations altogether. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The oil and natural gas industry is intensely competitive, and we compete with numerous other oil and gas
exploration and production companies who may also be seeking oil well operators for leasehold interests. Many of these companies have substantially greater
resources than we have. Not only do they explore for and produce oil and natural gas, but many also carry on midstream and refining operations and market
petroleum and other products on a regional, national or worldwide basis. The operations of other companies may be able to pay more for exploratory prospects and
productive oil and natural gas properties. They may also have more resources to define, evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties and
prospects than our financial or human resources permit. 
 
 Our larger or integrated competitors may have the resources to be better able to absorb the burden of
existing, and any changes to federal, state, and local laws and regulations more easily than we can, which would adversely affect our competitive position. Our
ability to determine reserves and acquire additional properties in the future will be dependent upon our ability and resources to evaluate and select suitable
properties and to consummate transactions in this highly competitive environment. In addition, we may be at a disadvantage in producing oil and natural gas
properties and bidding for exploratory prospects, because we have fewer financial and human resources than many other companies in our industry. Should a larger
and better financed company decide to directly compete with us, and be successful in its efforts, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 Marketing and Customers 
 
 The market for oil and natural gas that we will produce depends on factors beyond our control, including
the extent of domestic production and imports of oil and natural gas, the proximity and capacity of natural gas pipelines and other 

-16- 

transportation facilities, demand for oil and natural gas, the marketing of competitive fuels and the effects of state and
federal regulation. The oil and gas industry also competes with other industries in supplying the energy and fuel requirements of industrial, commercial and
individual consumers. 
 
 Our production royalties derived from oil and gas production from our properties are expected to be sold
by the Lessees at prices tied to the spot oil markets. We derive certain royalty revenues from gas produced from wells drilled on our property, but currently
this amount is small relative to the royalties we receive from oil production. We will be required to rely on the Lessees to market and sell any future gas
production. 
 
 Employees/Consultants 
 
 We currently have two full-time employees and one part-time employee, respectively, Val Holms, President,
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman; Karen Midtlyng, Secretary and Director and David Deffinbaugh, Chief Financial Officer and Director. All of our appointed
executives have entered into written employments agreements. As drilling production activities continue to increase by our Lessees, and if additional revenue
from production royalties develops as anticipated and continues to increase, we may hire additional technical, operational or administrative personnel as
appropriate. We are using and will continue to use the services of independent consultants and contractors to perform various professional services. We believe
that this use of third-party service providers may enhance our ability to contain general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Office Location 
 
 Our offices are located at 1425 Birch Ave., Suite A, Helena, MT 59601. We also maintain a presence in New
York City with a part-time office. 
 
 Available Information Reports to Security Holders 
 
 Our website address is www.bakkenresourcesinc.com . We make available on this website under
 Company SEC Filings free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, Section 16 reports
for officers and directors, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file those materials with, or furnish
those materials to, the SEC. These filings are also available to the public at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580,
Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Electronic filings
with the SEC are also available on the SEC internet website at www.sec.gov . 
 
 In addition, BRI regularly monitors and maintains information relating to drilling activity on wells which
it has a mineral interest. Such information can also be found on our website. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 You should carefully consider the risks, uncertainties and other factors described below. The
statements contained in or incorporated herein that are not historic facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. Any of the factors could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects and could negatively impact the market price of our common stock. Also, you should be
aware that the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties, of which we are not yet aware, or that
we currently consider to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. 
 
 Risks Associated with Our Business 
 
 We are an early stage company. We may never attain profitability. 
 
 The business of acquiring, exploring for, developing and producing hydrocarbon reserves is inherently
risky. We have a limited operating history for you to consider in evaluating our business and prospects. Our operations are therefore subject to all of the
risks inherent in acquiring, exploring for, developing and producing hydrocarbon reserves, particularly in light of our limited experience in undertaking such
activities. We may never overcome these obstacles. 
 
 Our business is speculative and dependent upon the implementation of our business plan and our ability to
enter into agreements with third parties for the rights to exploit potential oil and natural gas reserves on terms that will be commercially viable for us. 

-17- 

Our current business model relies exclusively on uncertain future royalty payments as a source of future revenue. We
have no influence on the activities conducted by the Lessees with regards to the exploitation of mineral rights owned by the company. 
 
 Our current business model relates to the potential generation of revenue from royalties tied to certain
leases. These leases have been granted to experienced exploration and operating companies, both of whom have prior experience in drilling deep lateral
multi-fracture horizontal wells. Until such time as wells are drilled on property where the Company owns mineral rights; any future income will be uncertain.
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the leases, we have no influence with regard to when the drilling will be undertaken, no decision making ability as to
the location of any future wells and no influence as to the rate the wells are produced, if the operators are successful, of which there is no assurance. In the
event the Lessees fail to meet their drilling commitment, the company has only three options: 1) it can agree to grant an extension; 2) it can renegotiate the
terms of the existing leases; or 3) it can legally terminate the
leases. 
 
 We may be unable to obtain additional capital or generate significant production royalty income that we will require
to implement our business plan, which could restrict our ability to grow. 
 
 We expect that our current capital and our other existing resources will be sufficient only to provide a
limited amount of working capital, and the potential of production royalty revenues generated from our oil and gas mineral rights properties, of which there is
no assurance, may not be sufficient to fund both our continuing operations and our planned growth. We may require additional capital to continue to operate our
business beyond the initial phase of development and to further expand our exploration and development programs to additional properties. We may be unable to
obtain additional capital, and if we are able to secure additional capital, it may not be pursuant to terms deemed to be favorable to BRI and its shareholders.

Future acquisitions and future exploration, development, production and marketing activities, as well as
our administrative requirements (such as salaries, insurance expenses and general overhead expenses, as well as legal compliance costs and accounting expenses)
may require a substantial amount of additional capital and cash flow. 
 
 We may pursue sources of additional capital through various financing transactions or arrangements,
including joint venturing of projects, debt financing, equity financing or other means. We may not be successful in locating suitable financing transactions in
the time period required or at all, and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital, our
resources may not be sufficient to fund our planned operations going forward beyond twelve months from now. 
 
 Any additional capital raised through the sale of equity may dilute the ownership percentage of our
stockholders. This could also result in a decrease in the fair market value of our equity securities because our assets would be owned by a larger pool of
outstanding equity. The terms of securities we issue in future capital transactions may be more favorable to our new investors, and may include preferences,
superior voting rights and the issuance of other derivative securities, and issuances of incentive awards under equity employee incentive plans, which may have
a further dilutive effect. 
 
 Our ability to obtain financing may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets (both generally and
in the oil and gas industry in particular), our status as a new enterprise without a significant demonstrated operating history, production royalty revenue from
our mineral rights property, currently our only oil and natural gas property and prices of oil and natural gas on the commodities markets (which will impact the
amount of asset-based financing available to us) and/or the loss of key management. Further, if oil and/or natural gas prices on the commodities markets
decline, our revenues from the anticipated royalties will decrease and such decreased revenues may increase our requirements for capital. If the amount of
capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with our revenues from operations, is not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs (even to the
extent that we reduce our operations), we may be required to cease our
operations. 
 
 We may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital financing, including investment banking fees,
legal fees, accounting fees, securities law compliance fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash
expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue, such as convertible notes, which may adversely impact our financial condition. 
 
 Under the terms of the lease agreements with our contract oil drilling company leaseholders or Lessees, we have very
little control over the number of wells that our Lessees choose to drill on our mineral rights properties and how much production they generate 
 
 Our current business model relates to the potential generation of revenue from royalties tied to certain
leases on property covered in part by mineral rights owned by us. These leases have been granted to Lessees who are experienced exploration and operating oil
companies, who have prior experience in drilling deep lateral multi-fracture horizontal wells. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the leases, we have no
influence with regard to when the drilling will be undertaken, no decision making ability as to the location of any future wells and no influence as to the rate
the wells are produced, if the operators are successful, of which there is no assurance 

-18- 

The success and timing of development activities by Lessees will depend on a number of factors that will
largely be out of our control, including: 

the timing and amount of capital expenditures; 

their expertise and financial resources; 

approval of other participants in drilling wells; 

selection of technology; and 

the rate of production of reserves, if any. 

We have no previous operating history in the oil and gas industry, which may raise substantial doubt as to our ability
to successfully develop profitable business operations. 
 
 We have a limited operating history. Our business operations must be considered in light of the risks,
expenses, and difficulties frequently encountered in establishing a business in the oil and natural gas industries. There is nothing at this time on which to
base an assumption that our business operations will prove to be successful in the long-term. Our future operating results will depend on many factors,
including: 

our ability to raise adequate working capital; 

success of the development and exploration program
conducted by the oil company Lessees operating on our property; 

demand for natural gas and oil; 

the level of our competition; 

our ability to attract and maintain key management and
employees; and 

the ability of the of the oil company Lessees to
efficiently explore, develop and produce sufficient quantities of marketable natural gas or oil in a highly competitive and speculative environment while
maintaining quality and controlling costs. 

To achieve profitable operations in the future, we are primarily dependent upon the oil company Lessees to
successfully execute on the factors stated above, along with continuing to develop strategies and relationships to enhance our revenue by financially
participating and investing in various drilling programs with third parties. Despite their best efforts, our Lessees may not be successful in their exploration
or development efforts or obtain required regulatory approvals on the property where BRI is entitled to a production royalty. There is a possibility that some,
or most, of the wells to be drilled on our mineral rights properties may never produce natural gas or oil. 
 
 We are highly dependent on our current Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Val M. Holms is our Chief Executive Officer, President, and a director. The loss of Mr. Holms, upon whose
knowledge, leadership, and technical expertise we heavily rely, would harm our ability to execute our business plan. Our success will depend upon the future
contributions of Mr. Holms, whose knowledge, leadership, and technical expertise would be difficult to replace. If we were to lose his services, we may be
forced to cease operations until such time as we could hire a suitable replacement for him. 
 
 Our management team does not have extensive experience in public company matters, which could impair our ability to
comply with legal and regulatory requirements. 
 
 Our management team has had limited public company management experience or responsibilities, which could
impair our ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements such as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other federal securities laws applicable to
reporting companies, including filing required reports and other information required on a timely basis. It may be expensive to implement programs and policies
in an effective and timely manner that adequately respond to increased legal, regulatory compliance and reporting requirements imposed by such laws and
regulations, and we may not have the resources to do so. Our failure to comply with such laws and regulations could lead to the imposition of fines and
penalties and further result in the deterioration of our business and decreased value of our stock. 
 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
results or prevent fraud. 
 
 Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating
results could be harmed. We cannot be certain that our efforts to maintain our internal controls will be successful, that we will be able to 

-19- 

maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future or that we will be able to continue to
comply with our obligations under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Any failure to maintain effective internal controls, or difficulties
encountered in implementing or improving our internal controls, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet certain reporting obligations. 
 
 Our lack of diversification will increase the risk of an investment in BRI, and our financial condition and results of
operations may deteriorate if we fail to diversify . 
 
 Our business focus predominately is on the oil and gas industry on our oil and gas mineral rights
property, located in McKenzie County, North Dakota. Larger companies have the ability to manage their risk by diversification. However, we currently lack
diversification, in terms of both the nature and geographic scope of our business. As a result, we will likely be impacted more acutely by factors affecting our
industry or the regions in which we operate than we would if our business were more diversified, enhancing our risk profile. If we cannot diversify or expand
our operations, our financial condition and results of operations could deteriorate. We have been solely dependent on the expertise of our Lessees as the
operator of our property. 
 
 Uncertain future royalty payment and limited influence on future drilling and exploration. 
 
 Our current business model relates to the potential generation of revenue from royalties tied to certain
leases owned by us. These leases have been granted to experienced exploration and operating companies, both of whom have prior experience in drilling deep
lateral multi-fracture horizontal wells. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the leases, we have no influence with regard to when the drilling will be
undertaken, no decision making ability as to the location of any future wells and no influence as to the rate the wells are produced, there are no assurances as
to the success of the operators. 
 
 Strategic relationships upon which we may rely on are subject to change, which may diminish our ability to conduct our
operations. 
 
 Our ability to successfully acquire additional mineral rights properties, to participate in drilling
opportunities, and to identify and enter into commercial arrangements with other third party companies will depend on developing and maintaining close working
relationships with industry participants and on our ability to select and evaluate suitable properties and to consummate transactions in a highly competitive
environment. These realities are subject to change and may impair our ability to grow. 
 
 To continue to develop our business, we will endeavor to use the business relationships of our management
to identify, screen, and enter into strategic relationships, which may take the form of joint ventures with other private parties and contractual arrangements
with other operating oil and gas exploration companies. We may not be able to establish these strategic relationships, or if established, we may not be able to
maintain them. Even if we are able to engage in joint venture and enter into strategic investment relationships with existing operators, they may not be
pursuant to terms and conditions that are favorable to us. In addition, the dynamics of our relationships with strategic partners may require us to incur
expenses or undertake activities we would not otherwise be inclined to in order to fulfill our obligations to these partners or maintain our relationships. If
our strategic relationships are not established or maintained, our business
prospects may be limited, which could diminish our ability to conduct our operations. 
 
 Our acquisition strategy will subject us to certain risks associated with the inherent uncertainty in evaluating
properties for which we have limited information. 
 
 Our decision to acquire a property will depend in part on the evaluation of data obtained from
production reports and engineering studies, geophysical and geological analyses and seismic and other information, the results of which are often inconclusive
and subject to various interpretations. Also, our reviews of acquired properties are inherently incomplete because it generally is not feasible to perform an
in-depth review of the individual properties involved in each acquisition. Even a detailed review of records and properties may not necessarily reveal existing
or potential problems, nor will it permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties to assess fully their deficiencies and potential. Inspections
may not always be performed on every well, and environmental problems, such as ground water contamination, are not necessarily observable even when an
inspection is undertaken. 
 
 Any acquisition involves other potential risks, including, among other things: 

the validity of our assumptions about reserves, future
production, revenues and costs; 

a decrease in our liquidity by using a significant portion of
our cash from operations or borrowing capacity to finance acquisitions; 

a significant increase in our interest expense or financial
leverage if we incur additional debt to finance acquisitions; 

-20- 

the assumption of unknown liabilities, losses or costs for
which we are not indemnified or for which our indemnity is inadequate; 

an inability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel to
manage and operate our growing business and assets; and 

an increase in our costs or a decrease in our revenues
associated with any potential royalty owner or landowner claims or disputes. 

Competition in obtaining rights to explore and develop oil and gas reserves and for our Lessee to market any future
production may impair our business. 
 
 The oil and gas industry is highly competitive. This competition is increasingly intense as prices of oil
and natural gas on the commodities markets have increased in recent years. Additionally, other companies engaged in our line of business may compete with us
from time to time in obtaining capital from investors. Competitors include larger companies which, in particular, may have access to greater resources, may be
more successful in the recruitment and retention of qualified employees and may conduct their own refining and petroleum marketing operations, which may give
them a competitive advantage. In addition, actual or potential competitors may be strengthened through the acquisition of additional assets and interests. If we
are unable to compete effectively or adequately respond to competitive pressures, this inability may materially adversely affect our results of operation and
financial condition. 
 
 Seasonal weather conditions adversely affect operators ability to conduct drilling activities in the areas where
our properties are located. 
 
 Seasonal weather conditions can limit drilling and producing activities and other operations in our
operating areas and as a result, a majority of the drilling on our properties is generally performed during the summer and fall months. These seasonal
constraints can pose challenges for meeting well drilling objectives and increase competition for equipment, supplies and personnel during the summer and fall
months, which could lead to shortages and increase costs or delay operations. Additionally, many municipalities impose weight restrictions on the paved roads
that lead to jobsites due to the muddy conditions caused by spring thaws. This could limit access to jobsites and operators ability to service wells in
these areas. 
 
 Risks Relating to the Ownership of Bakken Resources, Inc. Common Stock 
 
 Risks relating to low priced stocks will likely apply to our common stock. 
 
 Although our common stock is approved for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board, there has only been little,
if any, trading activity in the stock. Accordingly, there is no history on which to estimate the future trading price range of the common stock. If the common
stock trades below 5.00 per share, trading in the common stock will be subject to the requirements of certain rules promulgated under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which require additional disclosure by broker-dealers in connection with any trades involving a stock
defined as a penny stock (generally, any non-FINRA equity security that has a market price share of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions).
Such rules require the delivery, prior to any penny stock transaction, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated
therewith and impose various sales practice requirements on
broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally defined as an investor with a net worth in
excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 individually or 300,000 together with a spouse). For these types of transactions, the broker-dealer
must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the sale. The
broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to the broker-dealer, current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock and, if the broker-dealer is
the sole market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Such information must be
provided to the customer orally or in writing before or with the written confirmation of trade sent to the customer. Monthly statements must be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and
information on the limited market in penny stocks. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements could discourage broker-dealers from
effecting transactions in the common stock which could severely limit the market liquidity of the common stock and the ability of holders of the common stock to
sell it. 
 
 Limitations on the liability of our directors and officers under our Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws may
result in us indemnifying such officers and directors. 
 
 Our Articles of Incorporation includes provisions to eliminate, to the fullest
extent permitted by Nevada General Corporation Law as in effect from time to time, the personal liability of directors of BRI for monetary damages arising from
a breach of their fiduciary duties as directors. The Articles of Incorporation also includes provisions to the effect that we shall, to the maximum extent
permitted from time to time under the laws of the State of Nevada, indemnify any director or officer. In addition, our bylaws require us to indemnify, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, any director, officer, employee or agent of BRI for acts which such person reasonably believes are not in violation of our
corporate purposes as set forth in the Articles of Incorporation. 

-21- 

Potential future issuances of additional common and preferred stock would dilute our current stockholders. 
 
 We are authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock. To the extent of such authorization,
the board of directors of BRI will have the ability, without seeking stockholder approval, to issue additional shares of common stock in the future for such
consideration as the board of directors may consider sufficient. The issuance of additional common stock in the future will reduce the proportionate ownership
and voting power of the common stock offered hereby. We are also authorized to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, the rights and preferences of
which may be designated in series by the board of directors. To the extent of such authorization, such designations may be made without stockholder approval.
The designation and issuance of series of preferred stock in the future would create additional securities which would have dividend and liquidation preferences
over the currently outstanding common stock. In addition, the
ability to issue any future class or series of preferred stock could impede a non-negotiated change in control and thereby prevent stockholders from obtaining a
premium for their common stock. 
 
 There is no assurance that a liquid public market for our common stock will develop. 
 
 Although our shares of common stock are currently eligible for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board and the
Pink Sheets, there has been no significant trading in our common stock. There has been no long term established public trading market for our common stock, and
there can be no assurance that a regular and established market will be developed and maintained for the securities in the future. There can also be no
assurance as to the depth or liquidity of any market for the common stock or the prices at which holders may be able to sell the shares. 
 
 The market price of our common stock is, and is likely to continue to be, highly volatile and subject to wide
fluctuations 
 
 In the event that a public market for our common stock is created, market prices for the common stock will
be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

dilution caused by our issuance of additional shares of
common stock and other forms of equity securities, which we expect to make in connection with future capital financings to fund our operations and growth, to
attract and retain valuable personnel and in connection with future strategic partnerships with other companies; 

announcements of new acquisitions, reserve discoveries or
other business initiatives by our competitors; 

our ability to take advantage of new acquisitions, reserve
discoveries or other business initiatives; 

fluctuations in revenue from our oil and gas business as
new reserves come to market; 

changes in the market for oil and natural gas commodities
and/or in the capital markets generally; 

changes in the demand for oil and natural gas, including
changes resulting from the introduction or expansion of alternative fuels; 

quarterly variations in our revenues and operating
expenses; 

changes in the valuation of similarly situated companies,
both in our industry and in other industries; 

changes in analysts estimates affecting our
company, our competitors and/or our industry; 

changes in the accounting methods used in or otherwise
affecting our industry; 

additions and departures of key personnel; 

announcements of technological innovations or new products
available to the oil and gas industry; 

announcements by relevant governments pertaining to
incentives for alternative energy development programs; 

fluctuations in interest rates and the availability of
capital in the capital markets; and 

significant sales of our common stock, including sales by
selling stockholders following the registration of shares under a prospectus. 

These and other factors are largely beyond our control, and the impact of these risks, singly or in the
aggregate, may result in material adverse changes to the market price of our common stock and/or our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, and these fluctuations may cause the price of our common stock to
decline. 
 
 Our operating results will likely vary in the future primarily as the result of fluctuations in our
production royalty, assuming commercial oil and gas is discovered on our mineral rights property. Our revenues and operating expenses, expenses that we incur
regarding investments in drilling programs with other partners, the prices of oil and natural gas in the commodities markets and other factors, may all cause
significant fluctuations in our operating results. If our results of operations do not meet the expectations of current or potential investors, the price of our
common stock may decline. 
 
 We do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 We do not intend to declare dividends for the foreseeable future, as we anticipate that we will reinvest
any future earnings in the development and growth of our business. Therefore, investors will not receive any funds unless they sell their 

-22- 

common stock, and stockholders may be unable to sell their shares on favorable terms or at all. Investors cannot be assured
of a positive return on investment or that they will not lose the entire amount of their investment in our common stock and warrants. 
 
 Risks Related To the Oil and Gas Industry 
 
 Oil and natural gas prices are very volatile. A protracted period of oil and natural gas prices below the prices
currently in effect may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 The oil and gas markets are very volatile, and we cannot predict future oil and natural gas prices. The
price our oil company Lessees receive for oil and natural gas production on our mineral rights property heavily influences our royalty revenue, profitability,
access to capital and future rate of growth. The prices our Lessees receive for their production and the levels of their production depend on numerous factors
beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 

The domestic and foreign supply of oil and nature gas;

The current level of prices and expectations about future
prices of oil and natural gas; 

The level of global oil and natural gas exploration and
production; 

The cost of exploring for, developing, producing and
delivering oil and natural gas; 

The price of foreign oil and natural gas imports; 

Political and economic conditions in oil producing
regions, including the Middle East, Africa, South America and Russia; 

The ability of members of the Organization of Petroleum
Exporting Countries to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls; 

Speculative trading in oil and natural gas derivative
contracts; 

The level of consumer product demand; 

Weather conditions and other natural disasters; 

Risks associated with operating drilling rigs; 

Technological advances affecting energy consumption; 

Domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes;

The continued threat of terrorism and the impact of
military and other action, including U.S. military operations in the Middle East; 

The availability, proximity and capacity of oil and
natural gas transportation, processing, storage and refining facilities; 

The price and availability of alternative fuels; and 

Overall domestic and global economic conditions. 

Furthermore, the recent worldwide financial and credit crisis has reduced the availability of liquidity
and credit to fund the continuation and expansion of industrial business operations worldwide. The shortage of liquidity and credit combined with recent
substantial losses in worldwide equity markets has led to a worldwide economic recession. The slowdown in economic activity caused by such recession has reduced
worldwide demand for energy and resulted in lower oil and natural gas prices. 
 
 Lower oil and natural gas prices will decrease the revenues of our Lessees, but also may reduce the amount
of oil and natural gas that the Lessees can produce economically and therefore potentially lower our anticipated production royalty income. A substantial or
extended decline in oil or natural gas prices may result in impairments of our proved oil and gas property, if it reaches production, of which there is no
assurance and may materially and adversely affect our future business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or ability to finance planned
capital expenditures. To the extent commodity prices received from production are insufficient to fund planned capital expenditures, we will be required to
reduce spending or borrow any such shortfall. Lower oil and natural gas prices may also reduce BRI s ability to establish a borrowing base under a credit
agreement, which is determined at the discretion of the lenders based on the
collateral value of any proved reserves. 
 
 Drilling for and producing oil and natural gas are high risk activities with many uncertainties that could adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Initially, our future success will depend on the success of our development, exploitation, production, and
exploration activities conducted by our Lessees as our operators on our mineral rights property. Oil and natural gas exploration and production activities are
subject to numerous risks beyond our control; including the risk that drilling will not result in commercially viable oil or natural gas production. Our
decisions to participate in drilling projects, purchase mineral rights, explore, develop or otherwise exploit prospects or properties will depend in part on the
evaluation of data obtained through geophysical and geological analyses, production data and engineering studies, the results of which are often inconclusive or
subject to varying interpretations. The cost of drilling, completing, and operating wells is often uncertain before drilling 

-23- 

commences. Overruns in budgeted expenditures are common risks that can make a particular project uneconomical. Furthermore,
many factors may curtail, delay or cancel drilling, including the following: 

delays imposed
by or resulting from compliance with regulatory requirements; 

pressure or irregularities in geological formations; 

shortages of or delays in obtaining qualified personnel or
equipment, including drilling rigs and CO 2 ; 

equipment failures or accidents; 

adverse weather conditions, such as freezing temperatures,
hurricanes and storms; 

unexpected operational events, including accidents; 

reductions in oil and natural gas prices; 

proximity to and capacity of transportation facilities;

title problems; and 

limitations in the market for oil and natural gas. 

Exploration for oil and gas is risky and may not be commercially successful, and the advanced technologies to be used
by our oil company Lessees cannot eliminate exploration risk, which could impair our ability to generate revenues from our production royalty income. 

Our future success will depend on the success of exploratory drilling conducted by the Lessees on our
mineral rights property. Oil and gas exploration involves a high degree of risk. These risks are more acute in the early stages of exploration. Our ability to
produce revenue and our resulting financial performance are significantly affected by the prices we receive for oil and natural gas produced from wells on our
acreage, if any. Especially in recent years, the prices at which oil and natural gas trade in the open market have experienced significant volatility, and will
likely continue to fluctuate in the foreseeable future due to a variety of influences including, but not limited to, the following: 

domestic and foreign demand for oil and natural gas by both refineries and end
users; 

the introduction of alternative forms of fuel to replace or compete with oil
and natural gas; 

domestic and foreign reserves and supply of oil and natural gas; 

competitive measures implemented by our competitors and domestic and foreign
governmental bodies; 

political climates in nations that traditionally produce and export significant
quantities of oil and natural gas (including military and other conflicts in the Middle East and surrounding geographic region) and regulations and tariffs
imposed by exporting and importing nations; 

weather conditions; and 

domestic and foreign economic volatility and stability. 

Expenditures on exploration on our mineral rights property may not result in new discoveries of oil or
natural gas in commercially viable quantities. It is difficult to project the costs of implementing exploratory horizontal drilling programs on our acreage due
to the inherent uncertainties of drilling in unknown formations, the costs associated with encountering various drilling conditions, such as over-pressured
zones and tools lost in the hole, and changes in drilling plans and locations as a result of prior exploratory wells or additional seismic data and
interpretations thereof. 
 
 Even when used and properly interpreted, three-dimensional (3-D) seismic data and visualization techniques
only assist geoscientists in identifying subsurface structures and hydrocarbon indicators. They do not allow the interpreter to know conclusively if
hydrocarbons are present or economically producible. In addition, the use of three-dimensional (3-D) seismic data becomes less reliable when used at increasing
depths. Our Lessees could incur losses as a result of expenditures on unsuccessful wells on our acreage. If exploration costs exceed estimates, or if
exploration efforts do not produce results which meet expectations of our Lessees, exploration efforts may not be commercially successful, which could adversely
impact our Lessees ability to generate revenues from operations on our acreage. 
 
 Estimates of proved oil and natural gas reserves are uncertain and any material inaccuracies in these reserve
estimates will materially affect the quantities and the value of our reserves. 
 
 The process of estimating oil and natural gas reserves is complex. This process requires significant
decisions and assumptions in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data for such reservoir. Therefore, these estimates
are inherently imprecise. Actual future production, oil and natural gas prices, revenues, taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of
recoverable oil and natural gas reserves will vary from those estimated. Any significant variance could materially affect the estimated quantities and the value
of our reserves. 
 
 Our oil company Lessees may not be able to develop oil and gas reserves on an economically viable basis on our mineral
rights property. 
 
 If our oil company lessees succeed in discovering oil and/or natural gas reserves, we cannot be assured
that these reserves will be capable of long-term sustainable production levels or in sufficient quantities to be commercially viable. On a 

-24- 

long-term basis, our viability depends on our Lessees ability to find or acquire, develop and commercially produce
additional oil and natural gas reserves on our acreage. Our future revenue will depend not only on the Lessees ability to develop our acreage, but also on our
ability to identify and acquire additional suitable producing properties or prospects, to find markets for the oil and natural gas if we can develop a prospect
and to effectively distribute any production into our markets. 
 
 Future oil and gas exploration may involve unprofitable efforts, not only from dry wells, but from holes
that are productive but do not produce sufficient net revenues to return a profit after drilling, operating and other costs. Completion of a well does not
assure a profit on the investment or recovery of drilling, completion, and operating costs. In addition, drilling hazards or environmental damage could greatly
increase the cost of operations, and various field operating conditions may adversely affect the production from successful wells. These conditions include
delays in obtaining governmental approvals or consents, shut-downs of connected wells resulting from extreme weather conditions, problems in storage and
distribution and adverse geological and mechanical conditions. While our Lessees will endeavor to effectively manage these conditions, they cannot be assured of
doing so optimally, and they will not be able to eliminate them completely in
any case. Therefore, these conditions could diminish our royalty revenue and cash flow levels and result in the impairment of our oil and natural gas interests.

Environmental regulations may adversely affect our business. 
 
 All phases of the oil and gas business present environmental risks and hazards and are subject to
environmental regulation pursuant to a variety of federal, state and municipal laws and regulations. Environmental legislation provides for, among other things,
restrictions and prohibitions on spills, releases or emissions of various substances produced in association with oil and gas operations. The legislation also
requires that wells and facility sites be operated, maintained, abandoned and reclaimed to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. Compliance
with such legislation can require significant expenditures and a breach may result in the imposition of fines and penalties, some of which may be material.
Environmental legislation is evolving in a manner we expect may result in stricter standards and enforcement, larger fines and liability and potentially
increased capital expenditures and operating costs. The discharge of oil, natural
gas, or other pollutants into the air, soil or water may give rise to liabilities to governments and third parties and may require us to incur costs to remedy
such discharge. 
 
 The application of environmental laws to our business may cause us to curtail our production or increase
the costs of our production, development or exploration activities. 
 
 Federal or state hydraulic fracturing legislation could increase our Lessees costs or restrict their access to
oil and natural gas reserves. 
 
 Hydraulic fracturing is an important and common practice that is used to stimulate production of natural
gas and/or oil from dense subsurface rock formations. The process involves the injection of water, sand and chemicals under pressure into the targeted
subsurface formations to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate production. Hydraulic fracturing using fluids other than diesel is currently exempt from
regulation under the federal Safe Drinking Water Act (the SDWA ), but opponents of hydraulic fracturing have called for further study of the
technique s environmental effects and, in some cases, a moratorium on the use of the technique. Several proposals have been submitted to Congress that, if
implemented, would subject all hydraulic fracturing to regulation under SDWA. Eliminating this exemption could establish an additional level of regulation and
permitting at the federal level that could lead to Our Lessees operational
delays or increased their operating costs and could result in additional regulatory burdens that could make it more difficult to perform hydraulic fracturing
and increase our Lessees cost of compliance and doing business. In addition, the U.S. Environment Protection Agency s (the EPA s Office of Research and Development is conducting a scientific study to investigate the possible relationships between hydraulic fracturing and drinking water.
The results of that study, which are expected to be available in draft during 2014 for peer review and public comment, could advance the development of
additional regulations. 
 
 Moreover, the EPA has announced that it will develop effluent limitations for the treatment and discharge
of wastewater resulting from hydraulic fracturing activities in 2014. The U.S. Department of Energy has conducted an investigation into practices the agency
could recommend to better protect the environment from drilling using hydraulic fracturing completion methods and issued a report in 2011 on immediate and
longer-term actions that may be taken to reduce environmental and safety risks of shale gas development. Also, in May 2013, the federal Bureau of Land
Management published a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking governing hydraulic fracturing on federal and Indian oil and gas leases that would require
public disclosure of chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing, confirmation that wells used in fracturing operations meet appropriate construction standards, and
development of appropriate plans for managing flowback water that returns to the
surface. These ongoing or proposed studies, depending on their degree of pursuit and any meaningful results obtained, could spur initiatives to further regulate
hydraulic fracturing under the federal SDWA or other regulatory mechanisms. 
 
 Although it is not possible at this time to predict the final outcome of the se ongoing or proposed
studies or the requirements of any additional federal or state legislation or regulation regarding hydraulic fracturing, any new federal, state, 

-25- 

or local restrictions on hydraulic fracturing that may be imposed in areas where we conduct business, such as the Bakken and
Three Forks areas, could significantly increase our Lessees operating, capital and compliance costs as well as delay or halt our ability to develop oil
and natural gas reserves. 
 
 Possible regulation related to global warming and climate change could have an adverse effect on our operations and
demand for oil and natural gas. 
 
 Based on findings by the EPA in December 2009 that emissions of GHGs present and endangerment to public
health and the environment because emissions of such gases are contributing to warming of the Earth s atmosphere and other climatic changes, the EPA
adopted regulations under existing provisions of the CAA that establish PSD construction and Title V operating permit reviews for certain large stationary
sources that are potential major sources of GHG emissions. Facilities required to obtain PSD permits for their GHG emissions also will be required to meet
 best available control technology standards that will be established by the states or the EPA. The EPA has also adopted rules requiring the
monitoring and reporting of GHG emissions from specified sources in the United States, including, among others, certain onshore oil and natural gas production
facilities on an annual basis, which includes certain f our operations. While Congress
has from time to time considered legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs, there has not been significant activity in the form of adopted legislation to reduce
GHG emissions at the federal level in recent years. In the absence of such federal climate legislation, a number of state and regional efforts have emerged that
are aimed at tracking and/or reducing GHG emissions by means of cap and trade programs that typically require major sources of GHG emissions, such as electric
power plants, to acquire and surrender emission allowances in return for emitting those GHGs. If Congress undertakes comprehensive tax reform in the coming
year, it is possible that such reform may include a carbon tax, which could impose additional direct costs on our operations and reduce demand for refined
products. Finally, it should be noted that some scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth s atmosphere may produce
climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased
frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic events; if any such effects were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our Lessees 
exploration and production operations. 
 
 Our business will suffer if we cannot obtain or maintain necessary licenses. 
 
 Our oil company Lessees proposed exploration and drilling operations on our mineral rights property
will require licenses, permits, bonds, and in some cases renewals of licenses and permits from various governmental authorities. Our Lessees ability
to obtain, sustain, or renew such licenses and permits on acceptable terms is subject to change in regulations and policies and to the discretion of the
applicable governments, among other factors. Our Lessees inability to obtain, or our loss of or denial of extension of, any of these licenses or permits
could hamper our ability to produce revenues from our operations. 
 
 Lessees may have difficulty distributing oil or natural gas production, which could harm our financial condition. 

In order to sell the oil and natural gas that our Lessees may be able to produce, they will have to make
arrangements for storage and distribution to the market. They will rely on local infrastructure and the availability of transportation for storage and shipment
of our products, but infrastructure development and storage and transportation facilities may be insufficient for their needs at commercially acceptable terms
in the immediate area of our leases. This could be particularly problematic to the extent that our operations are conducted in remote areas that are difficult
to access, such as areas that are distant from shipping and/or pipeline facilities. These factors may affect our Lessees ability to explore and develop
our property and to store and transport oil and natural gas production and may increase expenses. 
 
 Furthermore, weather conditions or natural disasters, actions by companies doing business in one or more
of the areas where our property is located. Labor disputes may impair the distribution of oil and/or natural gas and in turn diminish our financial condition or
ability to generate royalty income, if commercial wells are drilled and completed on our property, of which there is no assurance. 
 
 Challenges to our property rights may impact our financial condition. 
 
 Title to oil and gas interests is often not capable of conclusive determination without incurring
substantial expense. While we intend to make appropriate inquiries into the title of properties and other development rights we acquire, title defects may
exist. In addition, we may be unable to obtain adequate insurance for title defects, on a commercially reasonable basis or at all. If title defects do exist, if
a legal dispute concerning such property occurs, it is possible that we may lose all or a portion of our right, title and interests in and to the properties to
which the title defects relate. 
 
 If our property rights are reduced, our Lessees ability to conduct our exploration, development and
production activities may be impaired. 

-26- 

Certain U.S. federal income tax deductions currently available with respect to oil and gas exploration and development
may be eliminated as a result of proposed legislation. 
 
 President Obama s budget proposal for fiscal year 2014 recommended the elimination of certain key
United States federal income tax preferences currently available to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies. These changes include, but are not
limited to, (i) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas properties, (ii) the elimination of current deductions for intangible
drilling and development costs, (iii) the elimination of the deduction for United States production activities for oil and gas production, and
(iv) the extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. It is unclear whether any such changes or similar
changes will be enacted or, if enacted, how soon any such changes could become effective. The passage of this legislation or any other similar changes in U.S.
federal income tax law could affect certain tax deductions that are currently
available with respect to oil and gas exploration and production. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows primarily because such changes may impact the operations of our operators from whom we currently derive substantially all of our revenues. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 
 Description of Certain Property and Leases 
 
 General 
 
 On December 1, 2010, BRI entered into a one-year office lease for its principal office in Helena, Montana,
renewable for up to five years, for a 2,175 square foot executive office, for a monthly charge of 1,600 for the first year; 1,800 second year; 2,000 third
year; 2,200 fourth year; and 2,400 fifth year. In addition to the principal office, BRI also maintains a part-time office in New York City which is fixed at
 3,000 per month. 
 
 The Company also maintains an apartment in Helena, Montana to provide accommodation to the Chief Financial
Officer who travels to Helena weekly to work at the principal office. The monthly rent for the apartment is 650 per month and is under a one year lease that
expired in October 2013 and renewed on a month to month basis thereafter. . 
 
 As of December 31, 2013 BRI owns mineral rights for 7,200 (net 2,400) acres in the Bakken/Three Forks in
North Dakota and approximately 2,200 acres in the Duck Lake area of Montana. We own a 50 net mineral interest in the Duck Lake acreage minerals. The Duck Lake
Property is currently unleased. 
 
 The BRI mineral rights are leased primarily to three well operators, Oasis Petroleum, Continental
Resources and Statoil ASA (formerly, Brigham Oil). As of December 31, 2013, we have received division orders and/or royalty payments for thirty Bakken formation
wells, eleven Three Forks formation wells and three Madison formation wells. 
 
 The Duck Lake mineral rights were leased until September 2013 but have not been developed as of December
31, 2013. 
 
 On September 21, 2011, the Company s Board of Directors approved the purchase of the Duck Lake
minerals from Lincoln Green, Inc LGI ). Under the terms of the agreement, the Company agreed to pay LGI 250,000 for approximately a 50 interest in
2,200 net mineral acres. No drilling operations have commenced yet on the Duck Lake property. 
 
 The following table presents information about the produced oil and gas volumes for the years ended
December 31, 2013 and 2012. The information comes from the North Dakota Industrial Commission website and royalty payments received from the well operators. As
of December 31, 2013, the Company has received division orders for thirty Bakken formation wells, eleven Three Forks formation wells and three Madison formation
wells. The reported amounts are from those wells. The Company did not begin operations until late 2010. 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2013 
 2012 
 
 Net Production 

Oil (Bbl) 
 3,354,315 
 1,316,591 

Natural Gas (Mcf) 
 2,822,795 
 442,447 

Average Sales Price 

Oil (per Bbl) 
 85.25 
 85.16 

Natural Gas (per Mcf) 
 5.72 
 6.19 

The Company s royalty payments from the production noted above vary by well. Wells are drilled in
spacing units which are typically 1,280 acres or two sections but can include up to four sections. The royalty percentage is determined based on the amount of
mineral interest acreage owned by BRI and the lease rate for that acreage. Because the mineral interest owned by BRI varies by well, the royalty percentage also
varies. Our average royalty for the thirty Bakken formation wells and eleven Three Forks formation wells is approximately 1.35 . Using the numbers shown above,
if the reported oil 

-27- 

production was sold at the average sales price of 85.16 per barrel, gross revenue would be 285,854,724. Multiplying the
average royalty percentage of 1.35 times the gross revenue results in a royalty payment of 3,859,039. Actual royalty payments received by BRI in 2013 total
 4,033,719. 
 
 Depletion of oil and natural gas properties 
 
 Our depletion expense is driven by estimates of well production, estimates of number of wells to be
drilled and the cost to acquire mineral leases. Depletion expense of 444,737 was recorded in 2012. Depletion expense of 325,598 was recorded during the year
ended December 31, 2013. 
 
 Location of BRI s Mineral Rights 
 
 The following contains the descriptions and map of the locations where our mineral acreage is currently
located (also includes locations of certain wells located on our properties). 

-28- 

TOWNSHIP 151 NORTH, RANGE 100 WEST 

Section
6: 
 Lots 2, 3; SW1/4 NE1/4, SE1/4, NWI/4, NW1/4 SE1/4, SE1/4, SE1/4 

TOWNSHIP 152 NORTH, RANGE 100 WEST 

Section
5: 
 SW1/4 SW1/4 
 
 Section 6: 
 S1/2 SE1/4, SE1/4 SW1/4 Lot 14, 
 
 Section
7: 
 Lots 1,2,3,4; E1/2 SW1/4, E1/2, E1/2 NW1/4 
 
 Section 8: 
 SE 1/4 SE 1/4, SW1/4, W1/2 NWl/4,SE 1/4 NW1/4, SW1/4 SE1/4 
 
 Section
9: 
 Lots 1,2,3,4; SW 1/4 NW1/4, NE 1/4 SW1/4, SW1/4 SE 1/4, 

Sl/2 SW1/4, NW1/4 SWl/4, SE1/4 SE1/4 
 
 Section
10: 
 Lots 2, 3,4; S 1/2 SW1/4 
 
 Section 15: 
 NE 1/4 NW1/4 
 
 Section
17: 
 NE 1/4, E1/2 NW1/4, NW1/4 NW1/4, N1/2 SW1/4 NW1/4, SE 1/4 

E1/2 SW1/4, S1/2 SW1/4, NW1/4, W1/2 SW1/4 
 
 Section
18: 
 N1/2 NE1/4, NE1/4 NW1/4, Lot 1 
 
 Section 20: 
 All 
 
 Section
21: 
 All 
 
 Section 22: 
 W 1/2 W1/2, SE1/4 SW1/4, NE1/4 SE1/4, S1/2, SE1/4, NE1/4 

SW1/4 NW1/4 SE1/4, E1/2 NWl/4 
 
 Section 23: 
 W1/2 SWl/4 
 
 Section
29: 
 NE1/4, N1/2 NW1/4 
 
 Section 30: 
 Lots 3,4; El/2 SWl/4, W1/2 SE 1/4 
 
 Section
31: 
 Lots 1,2,3,4; E1/2 W1/2, E1/2 
 
 Section 32: 
 SE 1/4 NW1/4, W1/2 W1/2, NE 1/4SW 1/4 

TOWNSHIP 152 NORTH, RANGE 101 WEST 

Section 1: 
 SE 1/4 SE 1/4 
 
 Section
12: 
 SE1/4 NE1/4, E1/2 SE1/4, NE1/4 NE1/4 
 
 Section 13: 
 N1/2 NE1/4, NW1/4 
 
 Section
24: 
 SW1/4 
 
 Section 25: 
 NW 1/4 NE 1/4, S1/2 NE 1/4, N1/2 NW 1/4, SE1/4 NW1/4, NE 1/4 

SW1/4, N1/2 SE1/4, SE1/4SE1/4 
 
 Section 26: 
 SE 1/4 
 
 Section
35: 
 NE 1/4NE 1/4, S1/2 NE 1/4, SE 1/4 NW1/4 

To read this table or to check the location on a map, begin with the heading at the top and read down the
side for a specific section, then read across for the description of the acreage owned by BRI. For example, in Township 151 North, Range 100 West, BRI owns
acreage in Section 6. Specifically, BRI owns Lots 2 and 3 in that Section. In addition, we also own the Southwest quarter of the Northeast quarter of the
section, the Southeast quarter, the Northwest quarter, the Northwest quarter of the Southeast quarter. 

-29- 

Well Map Updated January 2013 
 Map Shows Drilling Units for 
 Bakken Resources, Inc. 
 McKenzie County, N.D. 
 (Each section is approximately 640 acres or one (1) square mile) 
 
 Description of Oil Leases and Oil Production 
 
 As of December 31, 2013, our properties in North Dakota are leased primarily to three operators: Oasis
Petroleum, Continental Resources and Statoil. The executed oil leases cover various parcels of land in the same general region, primarily in McKenzie County,
North Dakota. The leases have lease periods of between 3 and 8 years with starting dates from March 2003 to December 2009. All but three of the leases have
landowner royalties payable by the oil company Lessees on gross proceeds from oil and gas production of 17 . Currently, most of the leases covering the
Company s mineral acres contain what is commonly referred to as continuous drilling clauses . Generally, a continuous drilling clause requires
an operator to maintain active drilling operations in order to hold or extend an oil and gas lease past the natural expiration date of the lease. 

-30- 

A majority of the Company s current leases currently have active drilling operations and are likely to have active
operations in the foreseeable future. 
 
 The following table describes in general a representative sample of the leases held by the Company. From
time to time, leases may be divided or consolidated among various lessees without prior consent or notification to the Company so such table is intended for
illustrative purposes only. 

Legal 
 Lease 
 Gross 
 Net 
 Original 
 Current 
 Total Landowner 
 
 Royalty 
 
 Description 
 
 Period 
 Acres 
 Acres 
 Lessee 
 lessee 
 Percentage 

151N, R100W, Section 6: Lots 2(40.00),3(40.00), SE4NW4, SW4NE4 
 7/29/08-7/29/13 
 1203.10 
 614.36 
 Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R100W,
Sec 8: NW4NW4, S2NW4, SW4, S2SE4, NE4NE4 

Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R100W, Sec 9: Lots 1(21.20), 2(26.60), 3(42.10), 4(43.00), SW4NW4, SW4, S2SE4 

Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R100W,
Sec 10: Lots 2(18.80),3(17.20),4(34.20), S2SW4 

Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R100W, Sec 15: NE4NW4 

Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R101W,
Sec 1: SE4SE4 

Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R100W, Sec 5: SWSW 
 7/14/08-7/14/13 
 193.38 
 95.30 
 Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R100W,
Sec 6: Lot 14(33.38) S2SE, SESW 

Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R100W, Sec 7: Lot 1(33.53), Lot 2(33.55), E2NW4, NE4 
 3/1/05-3/1/12 
 307.08 
 150.87 
 Sundance 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17.50 
 
 152N, R100W,
Sec 17: All plus all accretions and riparian rights thereto 
 9/9/03-9/9/11 
 2227.22 
 792.86 
 Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R100W, Sec:7: Lots 3(33.63), 4(33.59), E2SW, SE Plus all accretions and riparian rights thereto 

Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R100W,
Sec 20 All 

Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R100W, Sec 21 All 

Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R100W,
Sec 18: Lot 1(33.63), NENW, N2NE 
 5/21/09-5/21/12 
 393.63 
 153.45 
 Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R101W, Sec 13: N2NE, NW 

Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R100W,
Sec 22: W2, SE4 
 1/19/05-1/19/12 
 480.00 
 156.57 
 Armstrong 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17.50 
 
 152N, R100W, Sec 23: W2SW 
 7/14/08-7/14/11 
 80.00 
 19.43 
 Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R100W,
Sec 29: NE, N2NW 
 11/24/04-11/24/11 
 1028.68 
 140.98 
 Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, 100W, Sec 30: Lot 3 (34.31), Lot 4 (34.37), E1/2SW1/4, W1/2SE1/4 

152N, 101W,
Sec 24 SW1/4 

152N, R101W, Sec 25: NWNE, S2NE, N2NW, SENW, NESW, N2SE, SESE 

Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R100W,
Sec 31: Lot 1(34.43), 2(34.49), 3(34.55), 4(34.61), E2W2, E2 
 7/14/08-6/10/12 
 858.08 
 197.27 
 Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R100W, Sec 32: W2W2, SENW, NESW 

Empire Oil 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 17 
 
 152N, R101W,
Sec 26: SE, except 6.32 acres 
 4/8/08-4/8/11 
 153.68 
 6.93 
 Diamond Resources 
 
 17 
 
 152N, R101W, Sec 35: E 1/2 NE 1/4, SW 1/4 NE 1/4, SE 1/4 NW 1/4 
 9/13/02-9/13/05 
 160.00 
 7.22 
 Diamond Resources 
 Oasis Petroleum 
 15 
 
 Total 
 
 7,084.85 
 2,335.24 

Note: The gross and net amounts are slightly lower than amounts that appear elsewhere in this document.
There are 160 gross mineral acres and 78 net mineral acres not covered by lease. 
 
 The landowner royalty interest is the revenue royalty paid by the contracted oil drilling company (Oasis
Petroleum for example) on whatever oil and gas revenue they generate from the particular lease. If Oasis Petroleum generates 100,000 in oil and gas revenue
from acreage subject to the BRI landowner royalty of 17 , BRI would receive in royalty payments of 17,000 (assuming that we have 100 of the acreage under the
applicable spacing unit). Using the same example, pursuant to the 5 overriding royalty interest on all oil and gas revenue received by BRI from the assets
purchased from Holms Energy for ten years (measured from the date of purchase), Holms Energy would receive a 5 over-riding royalty payment of 5,000 from BRI,
thus resulting in a net payment of 12,000 to BRI. Royalties paid to BRI are adjusted to reflect the number of net mineral acres underlying the spacing under
which the producing well is drilled. 

-31- 

To illustrate, the leases with Oasis Petroleum do not specify which geological
formation must be drilled, but they are specific to oil and gas hydrocarbon drilling. The leases do not impose any performance criteria on the Lessees except
the date that well is required to be drilled. We have no control over any operating decisions made by Oasis Petroleum as it relates to: 1) which formation
it will drill; 2) levels at which the well will be produced; 3) who Oasis Petroleum uses as contractor for drilling and completing wells; 4) who Oasis
Petroleum sells the oil and gas to; or 5) any influence on any aspect of recovery. 
 Once a well is drilled and production established, of which there is no assurance, the lease is considered
 held by production, meaning the lease continues as long as oil is being produced. As of December 31, 2013, drilling activity on the Company s
mineral acreage is likely to hold by production most if not all of the Company s leases Several of our leases, however, require the operator to have
 continuous drilling operations which would require the operator to continue drilling activities in order to qualify the lease to be held by
production. Other locations within the drilling unit created for a well may also be drilled at any time with no time limit as long as the lease is held by
production. The Company is currently conducting an internal audit of its leases and mineral acreage holdings. 
 
 Given the recent drilling activity on our properties as well as the relatively recent development of
horizontal drilling techniques in general, a proven reserve estimate is not obtainable at this time. Operators have estimated that the range of recoverable
barrels of oil from a particular producing well can vary from 200,000 to as high as 1,000,000 barrels during its viable lifetime. (Source:
http://www.milliondollarwayblog.com/p/faq.html) 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

 On April 2, 2012, BRI was served with a summons relating to a complaint
filed by Allan Holms, both individually and derivatively through Roil Energy, LLC. Allan Holms is the half-brother of BRI s CEO, Val Holms. The complaint
(filed in the Superior Court of the State of Washington located in Spokane County) names, among others, Joseph Edington, Val and Mari Holms, Holms Energy, LLC
and BRI as defendants. The Complaint primarily alleges breach of contract, tortious interference with prospective business opportunity and fraud. The complaint
focuses on events allegedly occurring around February and March 2010 whereby Allan Holms alleged an oral agreement took place whereby he was to receive up to
40 of the originally issued equity of Roil Energy, LLC. Allan Holms alleges Roil Energy was originally intended to be the predecessor entity to BRI. Both
Mr. Val Holms, our CEO, and BRI dispute such allegations in their entirety and intend to and have vigorously defended against such claims. This case went to
trial in November 2013. Following trial, the Court issued conclusions that the evidence presented in this case did not support Allan Holms claims
that an oral agreement existed. Post-trial motions are currently being heard in this case and final judgment is expected to be issued following the
conclusion of such post-trial motions. 
 On June 6, 2012, the Company filed a Temporary Restraining Order (the
 TRO and Verified Complaint for Injunctive Relief against McKinley Romero, Peter Swan Investment Consulting Ltd and IWJ Consulting Group, LLC
(collectively, the Defendants ), in connection with the Defendants request to the transfer agent to remove restrictive legends from an
aggregate of 4.7 million shares, which the Company believes were improperly obtained by the Defendants. The Company obtained the TRO from the Second Judicial
District Court of the State of Nevada, County of Washoe on June 6, 2012 enjoining the Defendants from seeking removal of the restrictive legends. On a scheduled
hearing on June 26, 2012 the judge in this matter ruled in favor of the Company s motion for a preliminary injunction. The order granting such
preliminary injunction was issued from this court on August 14, 2012. This matter is pending the Company s motion for final judgment in favor of the
Company. 

 In March 2013, the Company received notice of a complaint titled Gillis v.
Bakken Resources, Inc., Case No. A-13-675280-B, filed in the District Court of the State of Nevada for Clark County. Mr. Gillis, the plaintiff in this
matter (the Gillis Case ), is the trustee of the Bruce and Marilyn Gillis 1987 Trust. Mr. Gillis is the Trustee of such trust. Mr.
Gillis is alleging that Client breached certain registration rights obligations pursuant to an equity investment made at or around November 2010. The
Court in this matter granted class certification and class notice in March 2014. The Company denies the validity of the claims made in the Gillis Case and
intends to vigorously defend against such claims. 
 In March 2014, the Company received notice of a complaint titled Manuel
Graiwer and TJ Jesky v. Val Holms, Herman Landeis, Karen Midtlyng, David Deffinbaugh, Bill Baber, W. Edward Nichols and Wesley Paul, Case No. CV14 00544, filed
in the Second Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada for Washoe County. Mssrs. Graiwer and Jesky, the plaintiffs in this matter (the Graiwer
Case ), bring action on behalf of the Company derivatively, and the Company is also named as a nominal defendant. Mssrs. Graiwer and Jesky are
shareholders of the Company and allege breach of fiduciary duty, gross negligence, corporate waste, unjust enrichment and civil conspiracy against one or more
of the named defendants. The Company and is also informed that each of the other named defendants denies the validity of the claims made in the Graiwer
Case and each intends to vigorously defend against such claims, as applicable. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

-32- 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES. 
 
 Market Information 
 
 BRI s common stock was approved for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board of the National Association
of Securities Dealers NASD on July 29, 2009, under the symbol MLTX , and that symbol was changed to BKKN on December 17,
2010. A limited public market for our common stock has developed on the OTC Bulletin Board. For purposes of this Item the
existence of limited or sporadic quotations should not of itself be deemed to constitute an established public trading market . 
 
 For any market that develops for our common stock, the sale of restricted securities (common
stock) pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities and Exchange Commission by members of management or any other person to whom any such securities were issued or
may be issued in the future may have a substantial adverse impact on any such public market. Present members of management and shareholders at December 2, 2010
when BRI ceased to be a shell company, satisfied the one year holding period of Rule 144 for public sales of their respective holdings in accordance
with Rule 144 on December 2, 2011. See the caption Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities , of this Item, below. A minimum holding period of one
year is required for resales under Rule 144 for shareholders of former shell companies, along with other pertinent provisions, including publicly available
information concerning BRI, limitations on the volume of restricted
securities which can be sold in any ninety (90) day period, the requirement of unsolicited broker s transactions and the filing of a Notice of Sale on Form
144. 
 
 The quoted bid or asked price for the shares of common stock of BRI for the quarterly periods from January
1, 2013 through December 31, 2013 ranged from 0.10 to 0.28. 
 
 Holders 
 
 The number of record holders of BRI s common stock as of the date of this Report is approximately
157. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend, among
other things, upon our earnings, our capital requirements, our financial condition, and other relevant factors. We have not paid or declared any dividends upon
our common stock since our inception and, by reason of our present financial status and our contemplated financial requirements, we do not anticipate paying any
dividends upon our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends. We currently do not intend to pay cash dividends in the
foreseeable future on the shares of common stock. We intend to reinvest any earnings or proceeds we may receive in the development and/or expansion of our
business. Any cash dividends in the future to common stockholders will be payable when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors, based upon the
Board s assessment of: 

our financial condition; 
 
 earnings; 
 
 need for funds; 
 
 capital requirements; 
 
 prior claims of preferred stock to the extent issued and outstanding; and 
 
 other factors, including any applicable laws. 
 
 Therefore, there can be no assurance that any dividends on the common stock will ever be paid. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 Stock Option Plan 
 
 The Board of Directors of our predecessor approved the Stock Option Plan on November 3, 2008 and then on
June 16, 2010, authorized an increase in the total common stock, .001 par value, available in the Company's 2008 Non-Qualified Stock Option and Stock
Appreciation Rights Plan from one million (1,000,000) shares to five million (5,000,000) shares, to be granted to officers, directors, consultants, advisors,
and other key employees of BRI and its subsidiaries. This was ratified by the shareholders on November 12, 2010. The total number of options that can be granted
under the plan will not exceed 5,000,000 shares. Non-qualified stock options will be granted by the Board of Directors with an option price not less than the
fair market value of the shares of common stock to which the non-qualified stock option relates on the date of grant. In no event may the option price with
respect to an incentive stock option granted under the stock option plan be
less than the fair market value of such common stock. 
 
 Each option granted under the stock option plan will be assigned a time period for exercising not to
exceed ten years after the date of the grant. Certain other restrictions will apply in connection with this plan when some awards may be exercised. This plan is
intended to encourage directors, officers, employees and consultants to acquire ownership of common stock. The opportunity so provided is intended to foster in
participants a strong incentive to put forth maximum effort for 

-33- 

BRI s continued success and growth, to aid in retaining individuals who put forth such effort, and to
assist in attracting the best available individuals to BRI in the future. 
 
 The following table sets forth information about the common stock available for issuance under
compensatory plans and arrangements as of December 31, 2013. There are no equity compensation plans not approved by security holders. 

Plan
Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding
options, warrants, and rights. 

(a) 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants,
and rights 

(b) 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance
under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 (c) 

Equity compensation plan 
 approved by security holders 
 500,000 
 0.10 
 
 4,500,000 

Total 
 500,000 
 0.10 
 
 4,500,000 

The transfer agent of BRI is Nevada Agency and Transfer Company, located at 50 W Liberty St, Ste 880,
Reno, NV, 89501. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Unregistered Securities 

Since December 31, 2012, the Company has not entered in any sales of unregistered securities. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 Not applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

-34- 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 
 All statements contained in this Form 10-K, other than statements of historical facts, that address

future activities, events or developments are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements containing the words believe, 
 expect, anticipate, intends, estimate, forecast, project, and similar expressions . All
statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including any statements of the plans,
strategies
and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new acquisitions, products, services, developments or industry rankings;
any
statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing.
These
statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by us in light of our experience and our assessment of historical trends, current conditions and
expected future developments as well as other factors we believe are appropriate under the circumstances. However, whether actual results will conform to the
expectations and predictions of management is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factors under Item 1A above that
may
cause actual results to differ materially. 
 
 Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K are qualified by these
cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results anticipated by management will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that
they will have the expected consequences to or effects on our business operations. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking
statements as they speak only of the Company's views as of the date the statement was made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise 

Overview 
 
 BRI is an oil and gas exploration company, with properties located mostly in the Bakken. As of March 4,
2014, the Company owns mineral rights to approximately 7,200 gross acres and 1,600 net mineral acres of land located about 8 miles southeast of Williston, North
Dakota. Our current and proposed operations consist of holding certain mineral rights which presently entitle the Company to royalty rights on average of 12 
from the oil and gas produced on such lands. In addition, we own a 2 overriding royalty interest (or its equivalent) based on approximately 767 net mineral
acres which overlap our existing mineral interest. We have no rights to influence the activities conducted by the Lessees of our mineral rights. We will
primarily focus on evolving the Company into a growth-orientated independent energy company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, exploitation, and
development of oil and natural gas properties; focusing our activities mainly in the

Williston Basin, a large sedimentary basin in eastern Montana, Western North and South Dakota, and Southern Saskatchewan known for its rich deposits of
petroleum and potash] 
 
 BRI has continued to evaluate projects potentially complementary to its core business operations,
including projects located in Idaho, Colorado and Texas. In addition, the Company has begun active discussions with industry and regulatory authorities on
potential enhanced oil recovery (EOR) projects for application initially in the Williston Basin. 
 
 In February 2014, we announced the sale of approximately 767 net mineral acres for approximately 7.9
million and retained 2 royalty on the sold assets. 
 
 From time to time, we have raised funds from private investors. On February and March, 2011, we
entered into agreements relating to the private placement of 745,000 of our securities through the sale of 2,980,000 shares of our common stock at 0.25 per
share, with 1,490,000 total warrant shares attached that are exercisable at .50 per share for three years from the date of these respective sales and callable
at 0.01 per share at any time after the respective closing dates, if the underlying shares are registered and the common stock trades for 20 consecutive
trading days at an average closing sales price of .75 or more. In conjunction with the private placement, there were no fees, commissions, or professional fees
for services payable. The placement was undertaken by the officers of the Company. The private placement of these securities was exempt from registration under
pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The
proceeds from these sales of unregistered securities were used to fund Company operations. With the conclusion of the February and March 2011 closings, the
raise under the original private placement which commenced in November 2010 for 2.5 million were completed in full. 
 
 In May and June 2011, we entered into a series of convertible debt agreements with certain investors in an
aggregate amount of 300,000. Such notes bear an annual interest rate of 6 and shall be converted into shares of common stock of the Company upon the closing
of a qualified equity financing round prior to December 31, 2011. Conversion, if it occurs, would be at a 25 discount to the price per share of the qualified
financing round. Interest on the Notes shall not be deemed payable in the event of an equity conversion pursuant to a qualified financing round. The Company
issued the notes pursuant to the exemption from registration afforded by the provisions of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D 

-35- 

thereunder. In January 2012, holders of 155,000 of such notes elected to convert at a price
of 0.375 per share. Also in January 2012, holders of 95,000 of note elected to extend such notes until June 30, 2012. Such notes have since been paid in full.
 
 In September 2011 and February 2012, we sold an aggregate of 150,000 shares
of common stock of the Company at 0.50 per share pursuant to subscription agreements. The February 2012 investors also received 25,000 warrants exercisable at
 0.75 per share reflecting 50 of the original investment amount. The Company received gross proceeds of 75,000 in connection with this sale. The Company
issued the shares and warrants pursuant to the exemption from registration afforded by the provisions of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of
Regulation D thereunder. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Our general and administrative costs decreased significantly from 124,407 for the year ended December 31,
2012, to 107,615 for the year ended December 31, 2013. This decrease was attributable primarily to supplies, administrative expenses,
consulting fees, professional fees, travel costs, and stock issued for Director compensation. 
 
 The following tables provide selected financial data about our company as of December 31, 2013, and
December 31, 2012. 

Balance Sheets Data: 

December 31, 2013 
 
 December 31, 2012 

Cash 
 
 1,523,601 
 
 693,320 

Mineral rights and leases, property, plant and equipment and oil and gas
properties, net of accumulated depletion and depreciation 

1,023,045 

1,471,399 

Total assets 

4,506,055 

2,919,849 

Total current liabilities 

1,170,460 

374,860 

Long-term portion installment 

- 

847,119 

Stockholders equity 

3,335,595 

1,697,870 

Total liabilities and
stockholders equity 

4,506,055 

2,919,849 

Selected Statements of 
 Operations Data: 

Year Ended December
31, 2013 
 
 Year Ended December
31, 2012 
 
 Revenue 

3,992,989 
 
 1,727,818 

Payroll 

338,173 
 
 330,534 

Professional fees 

1,154,246 
 
 969,390 

General and administrative 

107,615 
 
 124,407 

Net Income
(Loss) 

2,055,754 
 
 (399,403) 

Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share
 Basic and Diluted 

0.03 

(0.01) 

Our cash in the bank at December 31, 2013 was 1,523,601. Net cash used in financing activities during the
year ended December 31, 2013 was 842,011 due to payments made on debt. Net cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2012
was 277,993 including 25,000 from proceeds from the sale of common stock offset by payments made on debt of 302,993. 
 
 The Company received cash royalties during the first quarter 2013 of approximately 687,224 on
twenty-three Bakken and Three Forks formation wells. Second quarter 2013 cash royalties approximated 1,124,081 on twenty-nine Bakken and Three Forks formation
wells. Third quarter 2013 cash royalties approximated 1,240,678 on thirty-four Bakken and Three Forks formation wells. Fourth quarter cash royalties
approximated 981,732 on forty-one Bakken and Three Forks formation wells. 

-36- 

As more wells have been drilled and begun producing, BRI s cash inflow has improved significantly.
The Company expects this trend to continue over the next twelve months. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December
31, 2013, was 1,672,292 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 84,362 for the year ended December 31,
2012. For the year ended December 31, 2013, our total operating expenses were 1,934,388 as compared to 1,878,910 for the
year ended December 31, 2012, which increase is primarily attributable to increased professional fees offset by decreased
 depreciation and depletion. We expect our use of cash for operating expenses to
continue at approximately 80,000 per month over the next twelve months compared to the year ended December 31, 2013. Our
material financial obligations include legal fees, public reporting expenses, transfer agent fees, bank fees, and other
recurring fees. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2013, professional fees were a significant portion of our operating
expense. Professional fees can be broken down into the following categories: (i) consultant fees totaled 128,923; (ii) legal costs totaled 873,097; (iii)
stock based compensation totaled 95,718; and (iv) other professional fees (accounting, auditing, and transfer agent services) totaled 56,508. The Company
anticipates these fees will be similar in 2014. 
 
 There were no unusual or infrequent events or transactions or any significant economic changes that
materially affected the amount of reported income from continuing operations. 
 
 As noted above, royalty payments received by the Company increased substantially. BRI expects this trend
to continue as Bakken formation wells begin to infill on our mineral acreage. As new wells are drilled and begin to produce, both revenue and cash royalties
should increase. 
 
 A review of the financial statements shows a dramatic increase in revenue compared with the previous year.
This increase is attributable to the number of new wells being completed and producing. At the beginning of 2013, the Company received royalty payments on
twelve Bakken formation wells. By the end of 2013, BRI received royalty payments on forty-one Bakken and Three Forks formation wells. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2013 we had cash of 1,523,601. Due to the
increased royalty payments, the company has been cash positive in 2013. Given our recent rate of use of cash in our operations we believe we have sufficient
capital to carry on operations for the next year. Our long term capital requirements and the adequacy of our available funds will depend on many factors,
including the reporting company costs, public relations fees, and operating expenses, among others. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the period from June 6, 2008 (inception), through December
31, 2013, was 1,449,033. This funding came from: 

43 investors in an offering of common stock at 0.033 per share totaling 110,250 that ended in October
of 2008 
 
 750 from our three officers for common stock at 0.0003 per share 
 
 a private common stock sale of 600,000 common shares for 10,000 on April 16, 2010 
 
 a private common stock sale of 140,000 common shares for 35,000 on November 1, 2010 
 
 proceeds from a private placement closed December 31, 2010, totaling 1,760,000, minus 139,075 in
offering costs 
 
 subtracting 100,000 in stockholder distribution 
 
 subtracting payments made on debt of 123,888 during 2011 
 
 subtracting cash paid for deferred financing costs of 21,000 during 2011 
 
 proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt of 300,000 during 2011 
 
 proceeds from the exercise of warrants of 10,000 during 2011 
 
 727,000 of proceeds received for the sale of common stock in 2011 
 
 25,000 in proceeds received for the sale of common stock in 2012 
 
 Subtracting payments made on debt of 302,993 in 2012 
 
 Subtracting payments made on debt of 842,011 in 2013 
 
 Liquidity is a measure of a company s ability to meet potential cash requirements. We have
historically met our capital requirements through the issuance of stock and by borrowings. In the future, we anticipate we will be able to provide the necessary
liquidity we need by the revenues generated from the royalties paid to us from oil and gas operations on our existing properties, however, if we do not generate
sufficient sales revenues we will continue to finance our operations through equity and/or debt financings. 

-37- 

The following table summarizes total current assets, total current liabilities and working capital at
December 31, 2013. 

December 31, 

2013 

Current Assets 

3,483,010 

Current Liabilities 

1,170,460 

Working Capital 

2,312,550 

Current Assets include cash, accounts receivable, accrued royalty receivable and prepaid expenses. A
significant portion of our current assets comes from accrued royalty receivable. The Company accrues royalty revenue based on reported production of the wells.
New wells sometimes report production up to 150 days before beginning payments to royalty owners. This can result in a substantial receivable balance. Based on
past history, BRI expects to receive accrued royalty revenue in full. 
 
 Current Liabilities include accounts payable, accrued expenses and the current portion of long term debt.
The most significant portion of current liabilities comes from accrued expenses for royalty payable and production tax passed to the Company as part of the
royalty payments. Accrued royalty payable is paid only upon receipt of revenue. Accrued production tax is withheld by the operators from the royalty payments.

As of December 31, 2013, we have collected approximately 6,608,526 in royalty payments from our wells
under production. We received our first royalty check in August 2011. As of December 31, 2013, we have received royalty checks primarily from the production of
forty-one wells. 

Satisfaction of our cash obligations for the next 12 months 
 
 Based on an analysis of our current cash position and cash flow the Company expects to fund our current
operating plans internally. The use of outside funding or joint ventures is not an essential element of current operations. Such outside funding may be needed
if BRI determines a need to increase operations or if any of our current expenses increase significantly. 
 
 Since inception, we have primarily financed cash flow requirements through debt financing and issuance of
common stock for cash and services. As and if we expand operational activities, we may continue to experience net negative cash flows from operations, pending
receipt of sales or development fees, and may be required to obtain additional financing to fund operations through common stock offerings and debt borrowings
to the extent necessary to provide working capital. 
 
 Over the next twelve months we believe that existing capital and anticipated funds from operations will be
sufficient to sustain current operations. We may seek additional capital in the future to fund growth and expansion through additional equity or debt financing
or credit facilities. No assurance can be made that such financing would be available, and if available it may take either the form of debt or equity. In either
case, the financing could have a negative impact on our financial condition and our Stockholders. 
 
 We anticipate the next six months will continue to show operating income. This is due to the number of
wells beginning to show production and collection of royalty payments from that production. We have collected approximately 6,608,526 in royalty payments from
August 2011 to December 2013 from production on forty-one wells. We have information that an additional six (6) wells are either in production or are in
confidential status. Although we believe that income from our wells will likely reduce or eliminate operating losses in the near future, we have no control over
the timing of when we will receive such royalty payments. In addition, there can give no assurance that we will be successful in addressing operational risks as
previously identified under the Risk Factors section, and the failure to do so can have a material adverse effect on our business prospects,
financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In 2013, BRI ordered certified title reports to be prepared on its mineral acreage. This project was
completed in fourth quarter 2013. The table below shows the wells located on BRI mineral acreage as of December 31, 2013. 

-38- 

-39- 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We currently do not have any off-balance sheet arrangement that have or are reasonably likely to have a
current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 
 
 Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 This discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our
financial statements that have been prepared under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires our management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. All significant
accounting policies have been disclosed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 contained herewith.
Our critical accounting policies are discussed below. 
 
 Use of estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company follows the guidance of paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and
earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been
rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. 
 
 Under the royalty and lease agreements obtained as part of the exercised Option to Purchase Asset
Agreement, the Company recognizes revenue when production occurs under our leased property as shown on the operator run tickets and information available
through the North Dakota Industrial Commission s website. The royalty income is calculated monthly 

-40- 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Not applicable. 

-41- 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

BAKKEN RESOURCES, INC. 
 December 31, 2013 and 2012 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 43 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31,
2013 and December 31, 2012 
 44 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 
 45 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 
 46 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 
 47 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 
 48 - 56 

-42- 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Bakken Resources, Inc. 
 Helena, Montana 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bakken Resources, Inc.
and its subsidiaries (collectively the Company as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform an audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such
opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,

as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of Bakken Resources, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and
2012 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years then ended, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 /s/ MaloneBailey, LLP 
 www.malonebailey.com 
 Houston, Texas 
 
 April 14, 2014 

-43- 

BAKKEN RESOURCES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2013 
 
 December 31, 2012 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 
 
 1,523,601 

693,320 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 1,938,457 
 
 745,226 

Prepaids 
 20,952 
 
 9,904 

Total Current Assets 
 3,483,010 
 
 1,448,450 

PROPERTY, PLANT
AND EQUIPMENT, net of accumulated depreciation of 22,376 and 13,620 
 15,272 
 
 24,028 
 
 PROVED MINERAL RIGHTS AND
LEASES, net of accumulated depletion of 845,227 and 519,629 
 689,773 
 
 1,129,371 

PROVED OIL AND GAS
PROPERTIES, using successful efforts accounting, net of accumulated depletion of 0 
 68,000 
 
 68,000 

UNPROVED MINERAL RIGHTS AND LEASES 
 250,000 
 
 250,000 
 
 Total Assets 
 
 4,506,055 

2,919,849 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 
 
 42,564 

78,562 
 
 Accrued liabilities 

7,153 

Royalty payable to related party 
 614,149 
 
 169,145 
 
 Income tax payable 
 513,747 

Current portion installment 

120,000 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 1,170,460 
 
 374,860 

Long-term portion installment 

847,119 

Total Liabilities 
 1,170,460 
 
 1,221,979 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: 

Preferred stock,
 .001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, none issued or outstanding 

Common stock, .001 par
value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 56,735,350 and 56,735,350 shares issued and outstanding 
 56,735 
 
 56,735 
 
 Additional paid-in capital, net of offering costs 
 
 3,496,296 
 
 3,400,578 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (217,436) 
 
 (1,759,443) 
 
 Total Stockholders' Equity 
 3,335,595 
 
 1,697,870 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 
 
 4,506,055 

2,919,849 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

-44- 

BAKKEN RESOURCES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2013 
 
 2012 

REVENUES 
 
 3,992,989 

1,727,818 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Depreciation and depletion 
 334,354 
 
 453,629

Payroll 
 338,173 
 
 330,534 

Professional fees 
 1,154,246 
 
 969,390 

Loss on impairment of asset 

950 

General and administrative expenses 
 107,615 

124,407 

Total Operating Expenses 
 1,934,388 
 
 1,878,910 

INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS 
 2,058,601 
 
 (151,092) 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES): 

Interest income 
 833 
 
 1,418 

Other income 

505 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(22,092) 

Gain on interest settlement 
 15,608 

Interest expense 
 (19,288) 

(228,142) 

Total other income (expenses) 
 (2,847) 
 
 (248,311) 

NET INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
 
 2,055,754 

(399,403) 

Income tax expense 
 513,747 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 
 
 1,542,007 

(399,403) 

NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE 

- BASIC AND DILUTED: 
 
 0.03 

(0.01) 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

- basic 
 56,735,350 
 
 55,927,169 

- diluted 
 56,901,263 
 
 55,927,169 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

-45- 

BAKKEN RESOURCES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2013 AND 2012 

Additional 

Total 

Common Stock 
 
 Paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Equity 

Balances - December 31, 2011 
 56,467,500 
 
 56,468 
 
 2,732,457 
 
 (1,360,040) 
 
 1,428,885 

Common stock issued for conversion of debt and interest 
 417,850 
 
 417 
 
 156,277 

156,694 

Common stock issued for cash 
 50,000 
 
 50 
 
 24,950 

25,000 

Options expense 

290,369 

290,369 

Warrants issued for induced conversion of debt 

174,233 

174,233 

Warrants issued with debt extensions 

22,092 

22,092 

Common stock returned to the Company and cancelled 
 (200,000) 
 
 (200) 
 
 200 

Net loss 

(399,403) 
 
 (399,403) 

Balances - December 31, 2012 
 56,735,350 
 
 56,735 
 
 3,400,578

(1,759,443)

1,697,870 

Options expense 

95,718 

95,718 

Net income 

1,542,007 
 
 1,542,007 

Balances - December 31, 2013 
 56,735,350 
 
 56,735 
 
 3,496,296

(217,436) 

3,335,595 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

-46- 

BAKKEN RESOURCES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2013 
 
 2012 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income (loss) 
 1,542,007 
 
 (399,403) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation and depletion expense 
 334,354 
 
 453,629 

Options expense 
 95,718 
 
 290,369 

Loss on disposal of fixed asset 

950 

Warrants issued for induced conversion of debt 

174,233 

Gain on interest settlement 
 (15,608) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

22,092 

Consulting services paid through transfer of fixed asset 

1,598 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 (1,193,231) 
 
 (559,764) 

Prepaids 
 (11,048) 
 
 (6,214) 

Accounts payable 
 (35,998) 
 
 62,677 

Royalty payable to related party 
 445,004 
 
 87,199 

Accrued liabilities 
 (2,653) 
 
 (26,853) 

Income tax liability 
 513,747 

Deferred income 

16,151 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 1,672,292 
 
 84,362 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash paid for acquisition of oil and gas properties 

(68,000) 

Cash paid for acquisition of property and equipment 

(1,312) 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

(69,312) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Payments made on debt 
 (842,011) 
 
 (302,993) 

Proceeds from sale of common stock, net of offering costs 

25,000 

NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 (842,011) 
 
 (277,993) 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 
 830,281 
 
 (262,943) 

Cash at beginning of period 
 693,320

956,263 

Cash at end of period 
 1,523,601 
 
 693,320 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOWS INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 
 21,941 
 
 65,669 

Taxes paid 

NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Settlement of debt from reduced acreage in mineral property 
 114,000 
 
 200 

Common stock returned to the company and cancelled 

Common stock issued to settle debt and accrued interest 

156,694 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

-47- 

BAKKEN RESOURCES, INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND OPERATIONS 
 
 Bakken Resources, Inc. BRI was incorporated on June 6, 2008 in Nevada. On June 11, 2010, BRI
and Bakken Development Corporation, its wholly-owned Nevada subsidiary, entered into an Option to Purchase Assets Agreement with Holms Energy to purchase
certain oil and gas production royalty rights on land in North Dakota. This option was exercised on November 26, 2010. 
 
 Formation of BR Metals, Inc. 
 
 On January 13, 2011, the Company formed BR Metals Corporation in Nevada. BR Metals Corporation is a wholly
owned subsidiary of the company and engages in the business of identifying, screening, evaluating, and acquiring precious metals properties in the Western
United States. 

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 Basis of presentation 
 
 The accompanying financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). 
 
 Basis of consolidation 
 
 The consolidated financial statements include those of Bakken Resources, Inc. and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, Bakken Development Corp. and BR Metals, Inc. (collectively, the Company ). All material intercompany balances and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Use of estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. 
 
 Cash equivalents 
 
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased
to be cash equivalents. 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 
 The Company evaluates its accounts receivables for collectability and establishes an allowance for bad
debts through a review of several factors including historical collection experience, current aging status of the customer accounts, and financial condition of
our customers. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, no allowance for doubtful accounts was recorded. 
 
 Property and equipment 
 
 Property and equipment is recorded at cost. Expenditures for major additions and betterments are
capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is computed by the straight-line
method (after taking into account their respective estimated residual values) over the assets estimated useful life. Upon sale or retirement of equipment, the
related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in statements of operations. Depreciation expense for
the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 was 8,756 and 8,892 respectively. 

-48- 

Oil and Gas Properties and Mineral Rights 
 
 The Company applies the successful efforts method of accounting for oil and gas properties. The Company
owns royalty interests and one working interest. The company capitalizes asset acquisition costs. Unproved oil and gas properties are periodically assessed to
determine whether they have been impaired, and any impairment in value is charged to expense. The costs of proved properties are depleted on an equivalent
unit-of-production basis. The reserve base used to calculate depletion is the sum of proved reserves. 
 
 During 2013 and 2012, the Company recognized no impairment of its oil and gas properties using the method
described below under Impairment of long-lived assets . Depletion expense for 2013 and 2012 was 325,598 and 444,737, respectively. 
 
 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 
 The Company follows ASC 410 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification which requires entities to
record the fair value of a liability for legal obligations associated with the retirement obligations of tangible long-lived assets in the period in which it is
incurred. This standard requires the Company to record a liability for the fair value of the dismantlement and plugging and abandonment costs excluding salvage
values. When the liability is initially recorded, the entity increases the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. Over time, accretion of the
liability is recognized each period and the capitalized cost is amortized over the useful life of the related asset. Upon settlement of the liability, an entity
either settles the obligation for its recorded amount or incurs a gain or loss upon settlement. During 2013 and 2012, the Company has not recorded any asset
retirement obligations. 
 
 Impairment of long-lived assets 
 
 The Company follows paragraph 360-10-35-17 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for its
long-lived assets. The Company s long-lived assets, which include the reseller agreement, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 
 
 The Company assesses the recoverability of its long-lived assets by comparing the projected undiscounted
net cash flows associated with the related long-lived asset or group of long-lived assets over their remaining estimated useful lives against their respective
carrying amounts. Impairment, if any, is based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets. Fair value is generally determined
using the asset s expected future discounted cash flows or market value, if readily determinable. If long-lived assets are determined to be recoverable,
but the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives are shorter than originally estimated, the net book values of the long-lived assets are depreciated
over the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives. The Company recognized an impairment cost of 950 at December 31, 2012 due to a computer that was
damaged beyond repair. There was no impairment recognized during the year
ended December 31, 2013. 
 
 Fair value of financial instruments 
 
 The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures
about fair value of its financial instruments and has adopted paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to measure the fair value of
its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value
measurements and related disclosures, paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes
the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices
(unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the
lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification are described below: 

Level 1 
 Quoted market prices available in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 

Level 2 
 Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in
Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. 

Level 3 
 Pricing inputs that are generally
observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. 

The carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, accounts receivable, accounts
payable, royalty payable, and accrued expenses, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. 

-49- 

The Company does not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis,
consequently, the Company did not have any fair value adjustments for assets and liabilities measured at fair value at December 31, 2013 or 2012, nor gains or
losses are reported in the statement of operations that are attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to those assets and liabilities
still held at the reporting date for 2013 or 2012. 
 
 Revenue recognition 
 
 The Company follows the guidance of paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and
earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been
rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectibility is reasonably assured. 
 
 Under the royalty and lease agreements obtained as part of the exercised Option to Purchase Asset
Agreement, the Company recognizes revenue when production occurs under the 14 separate mineral leases granted or amended between September 9, 2009 and December
10, 2009, whereby: 1) Oasis Petroleum, Inc., 2) Brigham Resources, and 3) Texon L.P. purchased the rights to explore, drill and develop oil and gas on the Holms
Property acquired pursuant to the Agreement. The royalty income is calculated monthly and the Company recognizes royalty income as production is reported by
well on the North Dakota Industrial Commission website. 
 
 Stock-based compensation for obtaining employee services 
 
 The Company accounted for its stock based compensation under the recognition and measurement principles of
the fair value recognition provisions of paragraph 718-10-30-3 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification using the modified prospective method for
transactions in which the Company obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions. All transactions in which goods or services are the
consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the
equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement date used to determine the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the
earlier of the date on which the third-party performance is complete or the date on which it is probable that performance will occur. 
 
 The fair value of options, if any, is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing
valuation model. The ranges of assumptions for inputs are as follows: 

- 
 The Company uses historical data to estimate employee
termination behavior. The expected life of options granted is derived from paragraph 718-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and represents
the period of time the options are expected to be outstanding. 

- 
 The expected volatility is based on a combination of the
historical volatility of the comparable companies stock over the contractual life of the options. 

- 
 The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury
yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods within the contractual life of the option. 

- 
 The expected dividend yield is based on the
Company s current dividend yield as the best estimate of projected dividend yield for periods within the contractual life of the option. 

The Company s policy is to recognize compensation cost for awards with only service conditions and a
graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award, if any. Additionally, the Company s policy is to
issue new shares of common stock to satisfy stock option exercises. 
 
 The Company adopted a 2008 Non-Qualified Stock Option and Stock Appreciation Rights Plan on
June 6, 2008. This plan was initiated to encourage and enable officers, directors, consultants, advisors and other key employees of the Company to acquire and
retain a proprietary interest in the Company by ownership of its common stock. 1,000,000 of the authorized shares of the Company s common stock may be
subject to, or issued pursuant to, the terms of the plan. On November 8, 2010 the Company increased the authorized shares to 5,000,000. 
 
 The Company granted 500,000 stock options from the Company s 2008 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan
during 2012. No options were granted in 2013. 

-50- 

Equity instruments issued to parties other than employees for acquiring goods or services 
 
 The Company accounted for instruments issued to parties other than employees for acquiring goods or
services under the recognition and measurement principles of the fair value recognition provisions of section 505-50-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification. All transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the
fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement date used to
determine the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on which the third-party performance is complete or the date on which it is
probable that performance will occur. 
 
 The fair value of the warrants is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing
valuation model. The ranges of assumptions for inputs are as follows: 

- 
 The expected life of warrants granted is
derived from paragraph 718-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and represents the period of time the warrants are expected to be outstanding.

- 
 The expected volatility is based on a
combination of the historical volatility of the comparable companies stock over the contractual life of the warrants. 

- 
 The risk-free interest rate is based on the
U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods within the contractual life of the warrants. 

- 
 The expected dividend yield is based on the
Company s current dividend yield as the best estimate of projected dividend yield for periods within the contractual life of the warrants. 

Income tax 
 
 The Company accounts for income taxes under paragraph 710-10-30-2 of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are
reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the statements of operations in the period
that includes the enactment date. 
 
 The Company accrued approximately 513,747 for federal and state income tax liability for 2013. 
 
 Net income or loss per common share 
 
 Net income or loss per common share is computed pursuant to paragraph
260-10-45-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Basic net income or loss per share is computed by dividing net
loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income or loss per
share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially outstanding
shares of common stock during each period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable
through stock warrants and options. 333,332 common stock options were included in the diluted calculations, while 2,013,669
common stock warrants and options were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share for the year ended December
31, 2013, as the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 Commitments and contingencies 
 
 The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for
contingencies. Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is
probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. 
 
 Cash flows reporting 
 
 The Company has adopted paragraph 230-10-45-24 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash
flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides
definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or reconciliation method Indirect method as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-24 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating
activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts
and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments. 

-51- 

Recently issued accounting pronouncements 
 
 We do not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on our results
of operations, financial position or cash flow. 

NOTE 3 ACQUISITION OF MINERAL RIGHTS 
 
 Acquisition of Royalty Interests 
 
 On June 11, 2010, the Company entered into an Option to Purchase Assets Agreement with Holms Energy, LLC,
pursuant to which Holms Energy agreed to grant Multisys Acquisition an option to exercise an Asset Purchase Agreement to assign all right, title, and interest
of specific Holms Energy owned assets to Multisys Acquisition, with Holms Energy members holding a controlling interest in Multisys as a result of the exercise
of the option. The option was exercised on November 26, 2010 and the Asset Purchase Agreement was entered into on November 26, 2010 by paying the consideration
to Holms Energy detailed in the Asset Purchase Agreement. Under the Asset Purchase Agreement, Multisys Acquisition paid Holms Energy 100,000, issued Holms
Energy 40,000,000 shares of restricted common stock, and granted to Holms Energy a 5 overriding royalty on all revenue generated from the Holms Property for
ten years from the date of the acquisition closing. The issuance of
the 40,000,000 shares to the Holms Energy members resulted in a Change in Control as the Holms Energy members obtained a controlling interest in Multisys. With
the Holms Energy members obtaining a controlling interest in the Company, the mineral rights acquired from Holms were recorded at Holms Energy s cost basis
of zero. The 100,000 cash paid to Holms was recorded as a stockholder distribution. 
 
 The Asset Purchase Agreement related to the acquisition of: 1) certain Holms Energy mineral rights
in oil and gas rights on approximately 7,200 gross acres and 1,600 net mineral acres of land located in McKenzie County, 8 miles southeast of Williston, North
Dakota; 2) potential production royalty income from wells to be drilled on the property whose mineral rights are owned by Holms Energy; and 3) the transfer of
all right, title and interest to an Option to Purchase the Greenfield mineral rights entered into between Holms Energy and Rocky and Evenette Greenfield dated
June 18, 2010 related to purchasing additional mineral rights and production royalty income on the Holms Property for 1,649,000. 
 
 The Greenfield Option was subsequently exercised by Holms Energy on November 12, 2010, and those
Greenfield mineral rights were acquired by Multisys Acquisition through the Asset Purchase Agreement with Holms Energy. Holms Energy exercised the Greenfield
option and executed the Asset Purchase Agreement on the Greenfield mineral rights on November 12, 2010 using 385,000 of a 485,000 one month non-interest
bearing loan from Multisys to complete the initial payment of 400,000, of which 15,000 was already paid by Holms Energy. The collateral for the loan was the
Greenfield mineral rights. 
 
 Under the terms of the loan from Multisys to Holms Energy, Holms Energy, in conjunction with the entry
into the Asset Purchase Agreement on November 26, 2010, assigned the Greenfield mineral rights to Multisys Acquisition in exchange
for forgiveness of 385,000 of the loan. The other 100,000 of the loan was to be applied to the Asset Purchase Agreement between Multisys and Holms Energy, and
on November 26, 2010, that 100,000 was applied to the Asset Purchase Agreement and the loan was forgiven. After exercise of the option and executing the asset
purchase agreement with Holms Energy, Multisys Acquisition purchased the gas and oil production royalty rights of Rocky and Evenette Greenfield for an aggregate
of 1,249,000 plus interest as follows: installment payments in the amount of 120,000 per year, or 30,000 per quarter plus interest at 5 per annum for
8 years and a balloon payment in the amount of 289,000. 

As of December 31, 2012, the aggregate unpaid balance under the installment note was 967,119. Under the
terms of the agreement, in the event that a comprehensive mineral title search revealed that the net acres acquired by the Company were greater than or less
than 824.5 net mineral acres, the purchase price and corresponding installment note would be reduced by 2,000 per acre. During July 2013, a comprehensive
mineral title search was completed and it was determined that the Company acquired 57 less acres than originally stated in the mineral rights acquisition
agreement. Accordingly, the carrying value of the proved mineral rights and the amount owed under the corresponding installment note were reduced by 2,000 per
acre, or 114,000. In addition, the interest previously accrued and paid on this 114,000 of principal was forgiven resulting in a further reduction of
principal in the amount of 11,108 and a reduction of accrued interest in the amount of 4,500. The Company recognized a gain on the settlement of interest of
 15,608 and a reduction to the carrying value of the proved mineral rights of 114,000 during the year ended December 31, 2013. Upon completion of the
comprehensive mineral title search and settlement of the installment note and interest, the Company paid in full the remaining principal balance of the
installment note of 842,011. The outstanding balance was 0 as of December 31, 2013.

On September 21, 2011, the Company purchased an undivided 50 interest in minerals contained in
approximately 2,200 acres located in Glacier County, Montana (also referred to as Duck Lake). The purchase price of these rights was 250,000. 
 
 Depletion expense recorded on the mineral rights for 2013 and 2012 was 325,598 and 444,737,
respectively. 
 
 Acquisition of Working Interest 
 
 On July 3, 2012, the Company purchased a 17 working interest in an oil well located in Archer County, Texas for 68,000
cash from Holms Energy, which is owned by an officer of the Company. The property was not yet producing as of December 31, 2013. 

-52- 

NOTE 4 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
 Royalty payable - officer 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of the Holms Property (see Note 3), the Company granted to Holms
Energy, which is owned by an officer of the Company, a 5 overriding royalty on all revenue generated from the Holms Property for ten years from the date of the
acquisition closing. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the royalty payable was 614,149 and 169,145, respectively. 

NOTE 5 CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE 
 
 During May and June 2011, the Company borrowed 300,000 from investors. The notes are unsecured, bear
interest at 6 per annum and originally matured on December 31, 2011. The notes are convertible at the holders option into common stock of the Company at
a 0.375 per share. In addition, each of the notes will automatically convert into the next equity financing with gross proceeds of at least 2,000,000 at the
lower of 0.375 or a 25 discount to the per share sales price of the 2,000,000 equity financing. The company evaluated the conversion option for a beneficial
conversion feature under FASB ASC 470-20 and determined that none existed. 
 
 In connection with these notes, the Company paid cash commissions of 21,000. The commissions were
recorded as deferred financing costs and were amortized over the life of the notes using the effective interest rate method. The amount was fully amortized
during 2011. 
 
 155,000 of the notes and 1,694 of accrued interest were converted into 417,850 common shares during
2012. In connection with the conversions, the note holders were issued 206,667 common stock warrants. The warrants are exercisable at 0.75 per share, vest
immediately and have a term of 4 years. The fair value of the warrants was determined to be 174,233 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The key
assumptions utilized in the model include the closing market price of the Company s common stock of 1.20, expected term of 4 years, volatility of 85.79 ,
risk-free interest rate of 0.89 and zero expected dividends. The conversion was accounted for as an induced conversion and the fair value of the warrants of
 174,233 was expensed during the year ended December 31, 2012. 
 
 95,000 of the notes were extended until June 30, 2012. In connection with the extensions, the Company
issued the note holders an aggregate of 25,334 common stock warrants. The warrants are exercisable at 0.75 per share, vest immediately and have a term of 5
years. The fair value of the warrants was determined to be 22,092 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The key assumptions utilized in the model
include the closing market price of the Company s common stock of 1.20, expected term of 5 years, volatility of 81.79 , risk-free interest rate of 0.89 
and zero expected dividends. The Company evaluated the extension of these notes under FASB ASC 470-50 and determined that the modification was substantial and
qualified as a debt extinguishment. The extinguishment loss recognized as a result of the loan extensions was 22,092 for the year ended December 31, 2012. This
 95,000 of the notes was repaid in full during 2012. The remaining 50,000

of the notes was also repaid in cash during 2012. 

NOTE 6 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 Common Stock and Common Stock Warrants 
 
 During March 2011, the Company entered into a consulting agreement and issued the consultant 100,000 units
which vest over six months. Each unit consists of two shares of common stock plus one common stock purchase warrant that are exercisable at 0.50 per share for
a term of three years from the date of issuance, callable at 0.01 per share at any time after one year from the date of sale, if the underlying shares are
registered and the common stock trades for 20 consecutive trading days at an average closing sales price of 0.75 or more. The fair value of the grant was
determined to be 50,000 and it was recognized over the service period of six months. As of December 31, 2011, these shares are fully vested and included in the
shares issued for services in the consolidated statements of stockholders equity. During 2012, these units were returned to the Company and canceled. 

-53- 

During 2012, the Company sold 25,000 common stock units at 0.50 per unit to a private investor. Each unit
consists of two shares of common stock plus one common stock purchase warrant that are exercisable at 0.50 per share for a term of three years from date of
issuance, callable at 0.01 per share at any time after one year from the date of sale, if the underlying shares are registered and the common stock trades for
20 consecutive trading days at an average closing sales price of .75 or more, for a total of 50,000 shares of common stock and 25,000 warrants sold, total cash
of 25,000 was received net of offering costs of 0. 
 
 During 2012, the Company issued an aggregate of 417,850 common shares for the conversion of debt and
interest (see Note 5). 
 
 During 2013, no common stock or warrants were issued or retired. 

The table below summarizes the Company s warrant activity for 2013 and 2012: 

Number of 
 Weighted 
 
 Warrant 
 Average 

Shares 
 
 Exercise Price 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2011 
 5,640,000 
 
 0.480 
 
 Granted 
 257,001 
 0.750 
 
 Canceled 
 (100,000) 
 0.750 
 
 Exercised 

Expired 

Balance, December 31, 2012 
 5,797,001 
 0.500 
 
 Granted 

Canceled 

Exercised 

Expired 
 (3,950,000) 
 0.480 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2013 
 1,847,001 
 0.530 

Exercisable, December 31, 2012 
 5,797,001 
 
 0.500 
 
 Exercisable, December 31, 2013 
 1,847,001 
 
 0.530 

At December 31, 2013, the range of exercise prices and the weighted
average remaining contractual life of the warrants outstanding were 0.25 to 0.75 and 0.48 years, respectively. The
exercisable warrants outstanding at December 31, 2013 had an intrinsic value of 0. At December 31, 2012, the range
of exercise prices and the weighted average remaining contractual life of the warrants outstanding were 0.25 to 0.75 and
1.10 years, respectively. The exercisable warrants outstanding at December 31, 2012 had an intrinsic value of 10,800. 

-54- 

Common Stock Options 
 
 During March 2012, the Company granted an aggregate of 500,000 common
stock options to officers and Directors. The options are exercisable at 0.10 per share and vest one-third immediately and
one-third each year over the next two years. The fair value of the options was determined to be 400,548 using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model. The key assumptions utilized in the model include the closing market price of the
Company s common stock of 0.90, expected terms between 1 and 2 years, volatility of 68.94 , risk-free interest rate of
0.41 and zero expected dividends. The fair value is being expensed over the vesting period of the options. Option expense of
 95,718 and 290,369 was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The remaining
 14,461 will be expensed through March 2014. 
 
 The table below summarizes the Company s option activity for 2013 and 2012: 

Number of 
 Weighted 
 
 Option 
 Average 

Shares 
 
 Exercise Price 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2011 

Granted 
 500,000 
 0.100 
 
 Canceled 

Exercised 

Expired 

Balance, December 31, 2012 
 500,000
 
 0.100 
 
 Granted 

Canceled 

Exercised 

Expired 

Balance, December 31, 2013 
 500,000 
 0.100 

Exercisable, December 31, 2012 
 166,666 
 
 0.100 

Exercisable, December 31, 2013 
 333,332 
 
 0.100 

At December 31, 2013, the exercise price and the weighted
average remaining contractual life of the options outstanding were 0.10 and 0.22 years, respectively. The exercisable
options outstanding at December 31, 2013 had an intrinsic value of 21,667. At December 31, 2012, the exercise price and the
weighted average remaining contractual life of the options outstanding were 0.10 and 1.22 years, respectively, The
exercisable options outstanding at December 31, 2012 had an intrinsic value of 30,000. 

NOTE 7 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 
 On December 1, 2010, BRI entered into a one-year office lease,
renewable for up to five years, for a 2,175 square foot executive office at 1425 Birch Ave., Suite A, Helena, MT 59601, for a
monthly charge of 1,600 for the first year; 1,800 second year; 2,000 third year; 2,200 fourth year; and 2,400 fifth
year. BRI also maintains a part-time office in New York city which is fixed at 3,000 per month. The Company maintains an
apartment in Helena, MT to provide accommodation to the Chief Financial Officer when in working in Helena each week. The
apartment is under a one year lease that expired October 31, 2013 and the monthly rent was 650. 
 
 Litigation 

On April 2, 2012, BRI was served with a summons relating to a complaint filed by Allan Holms, both
individually and derivatively through Roil Energy, LLC. Allan Holms is the half-brother of BRI s CEO, Val Holms. The complaint (filed in the Superior Court
of the State of Washington located in Spokane County) names, among others, Joseph Edington, Val and Mari Holms, Holms Energy, LLC and BRI as defendants. The
Complaint primarily alleges breach of contract, tortious interference with prospective business opportunity and fraud. The complaint focuses on events allegedly
occurring around February and March 2010 whereby Allan Holms alleged an oral agreement took place whereby he was to receive up to 40 of the originally issued
equity of Roil Energy, LLC. Allan Holms alleges Roil Energy was originally intended to be the predecessor entity to BRI. Both Mr. Val Holms, our CEO, and
BRI dispute such allegations in their entirety and intend to and have vigorously defended against such claims. This case went to trial in November 2013.
 Following trial, the Court issued conclusions that the evidence presented in this case did not support Allan Holms claims that an oral agreement
existed. Post-trial motions are currently being heard in this case and final judgment is expected to be issued following the conclusion of such post-trial
motions. 
 
 On June 6, 2012, the Company filed a Temporary Restraining Order (the TRO and Verified
Complaint for Injunctive Relief against McKinley Romero, Peter Swan Investment Consulting Ltd and IWJ Consulting Group, LLC (collectively, the
 Defendants ), in connection with the Defendants request to the transfer agent to remove restrictive legends from an aggregate of 4.7 million
shares, which the Company believes were improperly obtained by the Defendants. The Company obtained the TRO from the Second Judicial District Court of the State
of Nevada, County of Washoe on June 6, 2012 enjoining the Defendants from seeking removal of the restrictive legends. On a scheduled hearing on June 26, 2012
the judge in this matter ruled in favor of the Company s motion for a preliminary injunction. The order granting such preliminary injunction was
issued from this court on August 14, 2012. This matter is pending the Company s motion for final judgment in favor of the Company. 
 
 In March 2013, the Company received notice of a complaint titled Gillis v. Bakken Resources, Inc., Case
No. A-13-675280-B, filed in the District Court of the State of Nevada for Clark County. Mr. Gillis, the plaintiff in this matter (the Gillis
Case ), is the trustee of the Bruce and Marilyn Gillis 1987 Trust. Mr. Gillis is the Trustee of such trust. Mr. Gillis is alleging that
Client breached certain registration rights obligations pursuant to an equity investment made at or around November 2010. The Court in this this matter
granted class certification and class notice in March 2014. The Company denies the validity of the claims made in the Gillis Case and intends to
vigorously defend against such claims. 

NOTE 8 INCOME TAXES 
 
 The Company uses the liability method, where deferred tax assets
and liabilities are determined based on the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial and income tax reporting purposes. During 2012, the Company incurred
net losses and, therefore, has no tax liability. The net deferred tax asset generated by the loss carryforward has been
fully reserved as of December 31, 2012. During 2013, the Company generated taxable income and incurred a total tax provision
of 513,747. There was no available net operating loss carryforward as of December 31, 2013. 

-55- 

There are no significant timing differences. 
 
 The income tax provision differs from the amount of income tax determined by applying the Federal Income
Tax Rate to pre-tax income from continuing operations due to the following items: 

2013 
 
 2012 

Expected tax expense 
 585,000 

State income taxes 
 123,000 

Net operating loss carryforward 
 (299,000) 

Non-deductible options expense 

27,000 

Other 
 
 76,747 

Income tax expense 
 
 513,747 

The provision for income taxes consists of the following for 2013 and 2012: 

2013 
 
 2012 
 
 Current: 

Federal 
 390,208 

State: 

Montana 
 65,549 

North Dakota 

57,990 

Income tax expense 
 
 513,747 

At December 31, 2013 and 2012, deferred tax assets consisted of the following: 

2013 
 
 2012 

Net operating losses 

299,000 

Valuation allowance 

(299,000) 

Net deferred tax asset 

NOTE 9 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

On February 4, 2014, the Company sold a portion of its producing property for an aggregate purchase price of 7,871,248 in
cash and a 2 retained royalty on proceeds derived from such sold mineral assets. 10 of the cash purchase price is
escrowed for a period of 90 days (subject to certain adjustments) pending title review and confirmation. The property sold
consists of the 767 net mineral acres acquired by the Company as part of the acquisition of the Greenfield mineral
interests described in Note 3 herein. During the year ended December 31, 2013, 36 of total revenue was generated from
the property that was sold. 

In February 2014, the Company agreed to indemnify one of its operators, Oasis Petroleum, against any
losses Oasis may incur as a result of a lawsuit filed in North Dakota claiming rights to the Company s acreage. As a result, Oasis removed the suspension it
had placed on royalties based on production on the Company s net mineral acres. 

-56- 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by a
company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures
that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 
 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 
 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013. 
 
 A material 
 weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a
material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 We identified material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 because certain elements of an effective control environment were not
present including the financial reporting processes and procedures, and internal control procedures by our board of
directors as we have yet to establish an audit committee and our full board has not been adequately performing those
functions. The material weaknesses identified include the following: 

There exists a significant overlap between management and our board
of directors, with three of our six directors being members of management. This does not allow for multiple levels of supervision and review. 

Additionally, since we only have two full time and
one part time employees, it has not been possible to ensure appropriate segregation of duties between incompatible functions
and formalized monitoring procedures have not, as of December 31, 2013, been established or implemented. 
 
 Based on this assessment and the material weaknesses described above, management has concluded that
internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2013. 
 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of the company s registered public
accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered
public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management s report in
this annual report. 
 
 We intend to take the following steps as soon as practicable to remediate the material weaknesses we
identified as follows: 
 
 We will and have appointed a Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 We will segregate incompatible functions using existing personnel where possible or, given sufficient
capital resources, we will hire additional personnel to perform those functions. 
 
 We will, and have, appointed additional outside directors, particularly those who may have experience
with regard to financial reporting, financial reporting processes and procedures and internal control procedures. In this regard, we note in particular the
appointment of W. Edward Nichols to our Board. 
 
 To the extent we can attract outside directors, we plan to form an audit committee to review and assist
the board with its oversight responsibilities and appoint a financial expert to be the chairperson of such audit committee. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Report, there have been no changes in internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2013, that materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

-57- 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 A. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons 
 
 The members of our board of directors serve for one year terms and are elected at the next annual meeting
of stockholders, or until their successors have been elected. The officers serve at the pleasure of the board of directors. 
 
 Pursuant to the acquisition of Holms Energy s assets, some members of Holms Energy became the
officers and directors of BRI effective upon closing of the acquisition agreement. 
 
 The following table sets forth the current directors and executive officers of BRI. The previous directors
of BRI appointed the nominees designated by Holms Energy as members of the board of directors of BRI. Subsequently, the current officers and directors of BRI
resigned their positions at BRI, clearing the way for the appointment of new executive officers by the new board of directors of BRI. Directors are elected for
a period of one year and thereafter serve until the next annual meeting at which their successors are duly elected by the stockholders. Officers and other
employees serve at the will of the board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Val M. Holms 
 
 66 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director 

David Deffinbaugh 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Karen S. Midtlyng 
 
 55 
 
 Secretary and Director 

Herman R. Landeis 
 
 81 
 
 Director 

Bill M. Baber 
 
 62 
 
 Director 

W. Edward Nichols 
 
 71 
 
 Director 

Family Relationships 
 
 There are no family relationships among our directors or officers 
 
 Business Experience 
 
 The following is a brief account of the education and business experience of each director and executive
officer during at least the past five years, indicating each person s business experience, principal occupation during the period, and the name and
principal business of the organization by which they were employed of those directors and the key members of the management team who became the officers,
directors, and key employees of BRI on or after December 1, 2010 after the Asset Acquisition: 
 
 Val M. Holms 66, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director .
After being honorably discharged from the United States Marine Corps, 4 th Force Reconnaissance Division in Vietnam in 1969,
he was the founder, sole owner and operator of Holms Building Services, Inc., a licensed general contracting company based in Missoula,
Montana until 1984. Beginning in 1971 until the present, Mr. Holms has been a private investor, a part time independent land man, organized
several oil and gas limited partnerships, purchased and sold mineral leases, and arranged various oil and gas joint ventures in Montana,
Oklahoma, Texas, and North Dakota. From 1984 to 1988, he attended Rhema Bible Institute and received a degree in Theology. Mr. Holms and
his wife Mari Holms are the managing members of Holms Energy, LLC. 
 
 David Deffinbaugh 54, Chief Financial Officer and Director . Mr. Deffinbaugh graduated from
the University of Montana in 1982 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration, Accounting. After graduation, he worked in the family business
until 1990. From 1990 to March 1992, he worked for the Montana Corporation where he assisted in the preparation of SEC financial reports along with regulatory
reporting for an insurance subsidiary. From March 1992 through August 1996, he worked for Crop Growers Corporation where he was involved in various accounting
functions as the company went from a private company through an IPO to a public company. From September 1996 through the present, he has maintained an
accounting and financial services practice providing services to individuals and businesses in Montana and other states On May 14, 2011, Mr. Deffinbaugh was
appointed as the Company's Chief Financial Officer. 

-58- 

Karen S. Midtlyng 55, Secretary and Director . Ms. Midtlyng has an associate degree from the
University of Montana, Helena College of Technology. From 1978 to 2005, she was employed by U.S. Geological Survey (U.S.G.S.), Water Science Center, Helena, MT.
During her 27 years with the U.S.G.S. she was responsible for start to finish production of several U.S.G.S. scientific reports, fact sheets and electronic
documents and co-authored several U.S.G.S. publications. From 2005 to present, she has been engaged as an independent consultant in providing services for small
business in the Helena area where she assists in the establishing and implementation of business processes. 
 
 Herman R. Landeis 81, Director . Mr. Landeis was the Western Region Tax Manager for
Marathon Oil Corporation, based out of Casper, Wyoming, from 1972 until he retired in 1992. Previously, Mr. Landeis worked as a professional Draftsman for
Marathon Oil Corporation from 1955 until 1972, except for a two year leave of absence to serve in the Military (Army), where he was honorably discharged. As a
Tax Manager for Marathon Oil Corporation, he was responsible for and managed a variety of financial matters related to property tax negotiations, valuation of
company owned assets and property, and conducting various financial analysis on operations in the Western United States. These properties included the
Interstate Pipeline running from Montana to Missouri, properties in Alaska, five off-shore platforms and numerous operating oil and gas properties in the
Western United States. Since his retirement in 1992, he has acted as a consultant

to the oil and gas industry related to special projects involving tax matters, appraisals and valuation of property. Mr. Landeis received a Certified License as
a Professional Appraiser from the University of Nebraska in 1972. 
 
 Bill M. Baber 62, Director . Mr. Baber has 37 years of experience in the field of drilling,
completing, operating and maintenance of oil and gas wells. In addition, Mr. Baber also provides sources and arranges for the maintenance of oil/gas rigs and
other heavy machinery used in drilling operations. Mr. Baber regularly consults with clients on drilling operations and regulatory requirements. For the past 15
years, Mr. Baber has conducted his business through his entity, Bill M. Baber Oil Field Equipment. 
 
 W. Edward Nichols 71, Director . Mr. Nichols has owned and operated gas processing plants in
Kansas and Wyoming, and also co-owned and operated oil drilling, production and gas gathering companies in Kansas. Mr. Nichols has served as a Director and
member of the Executive Committee of several public companies, including General Environmental Corporation, Gulfstar Energy Corporation and EnviroMart.com. He
is currently chairman of the Board of Directors of Three Forks, Inc. and previously served in a similar capacity at Gulfstar Energy Corporation. He also serves
as a consultant and in-house counsel for Travelpayer Systems Limited, a financial transaction processing and settlement company in the United Kingdom. In
addition, Mr. Nichols is an attorney with Nichols Nichols in Denver, Colorado and is authorized to practice in the states of Colorado and Kansas, the
United States Federal Courts, and Supreme Court of the United States. He is
also Managing Director of Nichols Company LLC, a management consulting firm. Previously, Mr. Nichols was Senior Partner in Nichols and Wolfe, a national
municipal bond law firm. He was instrumental in structuring and providing Approving Legal Opinions for several hundred million dollars of General Obligation
Bonds, Tax Anticipation Notes and Revenue Bonds. He has since worked as a consultant with public and private companies in the U.S., Europe and the Far East and
has extensive international relationships with investment banking firms, accounting and brokerage firms. 
 
 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 
 
 To our knowledge, during the past ten years, no present director or executive officer of our company: (1)
filed a petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law, nor had a receiver, fiscal agent, or similar officer appointed by a court for
the business or present of such a person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any
corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer within two years before the time of such filing; (2) was convicted in a criminal
proceeding or named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) was the subject of any order, judgment
or
decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise
limiting the following activities: (i) acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor
broker, leverage transaction merchant, associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment advisor, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or
as an affiliated person, director of any investment company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; (ii)
engaging in any type of business practice; (iii) engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection
with any violation of federal or state securities laws or federal commodity laws; (4) was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, of any federal or state authority barring,
suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described above under this Item, or to be associated
with persons engaged in any such activity; (5) was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission to
have violated any federal or state securities law and the judgment was not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; (6) was found by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil
action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated. 

-59- 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance. 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), requires
the Company s executive officers, directors and persons who own more than 10 of the Company s outstanding common stock to file initial reports of
ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Based solely on our review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 furnished to us and on written
representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that the directors, executive officers, and our greater than 10 beneficial owners have complied in a
timely manner with all applicable filing requirements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013. 
 
 Limitation of Liability of Directors 
 
 Pursuant to the Nevada General Corporation Law, our Articles of Incorporation exclude personal liability
for our Directors for monetary damages based upon any violation of their fiduciary duties as Directors, except as to liability for any breach of the duty of
loyalty, acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or any transaction from which a Director
receives an improper personal benefit. This exclusion of liability does not limit any right which a Director may have to be indemnified and does not affect any
Director s liability under federal or applicable state securities laws. We have agreed to indemnify our directors against expenses, judgments, and amounts
paid in settlement in connection with any claim against a Director if he acted in good faith and in a manner he believed to be in our best interests. 
 
 Election of Directors and Officers 
 
 Directors are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors
have been elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve until the meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders
and until their successors have been elected and qualified. 
 
 No executive officer or director of the Company has been the subject of any Order, Judgment, or Decree of
any Court of competent jurisdiction, or any regulatory agency permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring suspending or otherwise limiting him from acting as
an investment advisor, underwriter, broker or dealer in the securities industry, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of an investment company,
bank, savings and loan association, or insurance company or from engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with any such activity or in
connection with the purchase or sale of any securities. 
 
 No executive officer or director of the Company has been convicted in any criminal proceeding (excluding
traffic violations) or is the subject of a criminal proceeding which is currently pending. 
 
 Except as set forth under Item 3 of this report, no executive officer or director of the Company is the
subject of any pending legal proceedings. 
 
 Audit Committee and Financial Expert 
 
 We do not have an Audit Committee, our directors and Chief Financial Officer (David Deffinbaugh) perform
some of the same functions of an Audit Committee, such as: recommending a firm of independent certified public accountants to audit the annual financial
statements; reviewing the independent auditors independence, the financial statements and their audit report; and reviewing management s administration of
the system of internal accounting controls. 
 
 David Deffinbaugh was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of BRI in May 2011, and is deemed our financial
expert. 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 A code of ethics relates to written standards that are reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and to
promote: 

(1) 
 Honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling
of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; 
 
 (2) 
 Full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure
in reports and documents that are filed with, or submitted to, the Commission and in other public communications made by an issuer; 
 
 (3) 
 Compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and
regulations; 
 
 (4) 
 The prompt internal reporting of violations of the code to
an appropriate person or persons identified in the code; and 

-60- 

(5) 
 Accountability for adherence to the code. 

We have adopted a corporate code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal
financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. 
 
 Nominating Committee 
 
 We do not have a Nominating Committee or Nominating Committee Charter. Our board of directors perform some
of the functions associated with a Nominating Committee. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 
 
 The table below sets forth the aggregate annual and long-term compensation paid by us for the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, to our Chief Executive Officer. Other than as set forth below, no executive officer s salary and bonus exceeded 100,000
for the fiscal years 2013 or 2012. 

Name and 
 Principal 
 Position 
 (a) 
 
 Year 
 (b) 
 
 Salary 
 ) 
 (c) 
 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 (d) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 (e) 
 
 Option Awards 
 ) 
 (f) 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 ) 
 (g) 
 
 Change in 
 Pension 
 Value and 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 (h) 
 
 All other Compensation 
 ) 
 (i) 
 
 Total 
 ) 
 (j) 

Val M. Holms 
 Pres, CEO, Dir. 
 
 2013 
 180,000 

180,000 

Val M. Holms 
 Pres, CEO, Dir. 
 2012 
 180,000 

180,000 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 
 
 Mr. Val M. Holms, President and CEO of the Company was appointed to
his executive position on December 1, 2010. Mr. Holms' annual salary of 180,000 was agreed to be paid by the Company pursuant to his Employment Agreement
entered into on February 1, 2011. In January 2013, the Board authorized the extension of Mr. Holms Employment Agreement for an additional twelve months. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 
 
 There have been no options awards or equity awards given to any executive officers of BRI since inception
on June 6, 2008, through the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013. 
 
 Compensation of Directors 
 
 The tables below show compensation for our non-employee directors
for services as a director of the Company for the 2013 fiscal year. Compensation, as reflected in the tables which follow, is presented on the basis of rules of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and does not, in the case of certain stock-based awards or accruals, necessarily represent the amount of compensation
realized or which may be realized in the future. 

Name(a) 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 )(b) 
 
 Total 
 ) 

W.
Edward Nichols 

62,500 
 (b) 
 
 62,500 

William Baber 

62,500 
 (b) 
 
 62,500 

-61- 

(a) Our directors receive no fees or cash compensation for their services. Directors
are, however, reimbursed for their actual out-of-pocket expenses associated with attending meetings and carrying out their obligations as directors. 
 
 (b) W. Edward Nichols and William Baber were granted 250,000 options each in 2012.
One-third of the options vested immediately with the remaining options vesting quarterly over a two year period. The grant date fair value of each award was
determined to be 200,274. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table presents information about the beneficial
ownership of our common stock on April 14, 2014, held by our directors and executive officers and by those persons known to beneficially own more than 5 of our
capital stock. The percentage of beneficial ownership for the following table is based on 56,735,350 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 14, 2014.

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and does not necessarily indicate beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes those shares of common stock over
which the stockholder has sole or shared voting or investment power. It also includes (unless footnoted) shares of common stock that the stockholder has a right
to acquire within 60 days after April 15, 2013, through the exercise of any option, warrant or other right. The percentage ownership of the outstanding common
stock, however, is based on the assumption, expressly required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, that only the person or entity whose
ownership is being reported has converted options or warrants into shares of our common stock. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership of Current Directors, Executive Officers and 5 Holders of the Company 

Name of Beneficial Owner (1) 

Number of Shares 
 
 Percent of Outstanding
Shares of Common Stock (2) 
 
 Val M. Holms - 
 CEO, President, and Director 
 26,350,000 (3) 
 46.83 
 
 Karen S. Midtlyng - 
 Secretary, and Director 
 2,250,000 (4) 
 3.97 

Herman R. Landeis - Director 
 250,000 (5) 

Bill M. Baber - Director 
 145,838 (6) 

W. Edward Nichols - Director 
 145,838 (7) 

Less than 1 

1. 
 As used in this table,
 beneficial ownership means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security, or the sole or shared investment power with
respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of, a security). The address of each person is care of the Company at 1425
Birch Ave. Suite A; Helena, MT 59601. 

2. 
 Figures are rounded to
the nearest tenth of a percent. 

3. 
 Includes 26,350,000
shares held directly 

4. 
 Includes 2,250,000
shares held directly 

5. 
 Includes 250,000 shares
held directly 

6. 
 Includes 83,333 vested shares of restricted
shares and 60 days of vested shares as of April 15, 2013. 250,000 stock options were granted on March 20, 2012, with 1/3 vesting immediately and remaining 2/3
vesting over 24 month period. 

7. 
 Includes 83,333 vested
shares of restricted shares and 60 days of vested shares as of April 15, 2013. 250,000 stock options were granted on March 20, 2012, with 1/3 vesting
immediately and remaining 2/3 vesting over 24 month period. 

Change in Control 
 We are unaware of any contract, or other arrangement or provision of our
Articles or By-laws, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of BRI. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.

On July 3, 2012 the Company purchased a 17 working interest in an oil well located in Archer County,
Texas for a price of 68,000 cash from Holms Energy Development Corp. HEDC ). HEDC is owned by Val Holms, our CEO. This 

-62- 

transaction was reviewed by the Company s independent directors and approved by our Board, with Mr. Holms recusing
himself from such Board vote. 
 
 Transactions With Related Persons, Promoters, and Certain Control Persons 
 
 None. 
 
 Promoters and Certain Control Persons 
 
 None. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 Our Board of Directors has determined that three of our six directors are currently independent
directors as that term is defined in Rule 5605(a)(2 of the Marketplace Rules of the National Association of Securities Dealers. We are not
presently required to have independent directors. If we ever become a listed issuer whose securities are listed on a national
securities exchange or on an automated inter-dealer quotation system of a national securities association, which has independent director requirements, we
intend to comply with all applicable requirements relating to director independence. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 
 The aggregate fees billed by our principal accountant for services rendered during the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2013 and 2012, are set forth in the table below: 

Fee Category 

Year ended 
 December 31, 2013 

Year ended
 
 December 31, 2012 
 
 Audit fees (1) 

51,556 

55,950 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 

Tax fees (3) 

All other
fees (4) 

Total fees 

51,556 

55,950 

(1) 
 Audit fees consists of
fees incurred for professional services rendered for the audit of annual financial statements, for reviews of interim financial statements included in our
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and for services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 
 (2) 
 Audit-related fees 
consists of fees billed for professional services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements, but are not
reported under Audit fees. 
 
 (3) 
 Tax fees consists of
fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 
 
 (4) 
 All other fees consists
of fees billed for all other services, such as review of our registration statement on Form S-1. 

Audit Committee s Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 
 
 We do not at this time have an audit committee. Our Board of Directors (in lieu of an audit committee)
pre-approves the engagement of our principal independent accountants to provide audit and non-audit services. Section 10A(i) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 prohibits our auditors from performing audit services for us as well as any services not considered to be audit services unless such services
are pre-approved by the Board of Directors (in lieu of an audit committee) or unless the services meet certain minimum standards. 

-63- 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) 
 (1) 
 Financial Statements See Item 8 in Part II of this report. 
 
 (2) 
 All other financial statement schedules are omitted because the information required to be set forth
therein is not applicable or because that information is in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 (b) 
 (3) 
 Exhibits specified by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 The following exhibit index shows those
exhibits filed with this report and those incorporated herein by reference: 

Incorporated Herein by Reference 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 3.1 
 Articles of
Incorporation 
 
 S-1 
 3.1 
 02-26-09 
 
 3.2 
 Bylaws 
 
 S-1 
 3.2 
 02-26-09 
 
 4.1 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option and Stock Appreciation Rights Plan adopted on June 10, 2008 
 
 S-1 
 10.3 
 02-26-09 
 
 4.2 
 Form of
Registration Rights Agreement 2010 
 
 10-K 
 4.3 
 04-15-11 
 
 4.3 
 Form of
Warrant 2010 
 
 10-K 
 4.4 
 04-15-11 
 
 4.4 
 Form of
Warrant 2011 (Convertible Bridge Loan) 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 05-25-11 
 
 4.5 
 Form of
Convertible Promissory Note 2011 
 
 8-K 
 10.2 
 05-25-11 
 
 10.1 
 Asset
Purchase Agreement with Holms Energy, LLC entered into on November 26, 2010 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 10-21-10 
 
 10.2 
 Asset
Purchase Agreement between Holms Energy, LLC and Evenette and Rocky Greenfield entered into on November 12, 2010 
 
 8-K 
 10.2 
 10-21-10 
 
 10.3 
 Promissory
note with Holms Energy, LLC for 485,000 entered into on November 12, 2010 
 
 8-K 
 10.2 
 11-18-10 
 
 10.4 
 Office Lease
beginning December 1, 2010 
 
 10-K 
 10.6 
 04-15-11 
 
 10.5 
 Form of
Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement 2010 
 
 10-K 
 10.7 
 04-15-11 
 
 10.6 
 Employment
Agreement by and between Bakken Resources, Inc. and David Deffinbaugh, dated effective as of January 1, 2012 
 
 10-K 
 10.10 
 04-16-12 
 
 10.7 
 Employment
Agreement by and between Bakken Resources, Inc. and Val M. Holms, dated effective as of March 12, 2013 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 03-18-13 
 
 10.8 
 Employment
Agreement by and between Bakken Resources, Inc. and Karen S. Midtlyng, dated effective as of March 12, 2013 
 
 8-K 
 10.2 
 03-18-13 
 
 10.9 
 Form of
Securities Purchase Agreement, entered into by Bakken Resources, Inc. on February 4, 2011 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 02-09-11 
 
 10.10 
 Form of
Securities Purchase Agreement, entered into by Bakken Resources, Inc. on March 18, 2011 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 03-24-11 
 
 10.11 
 Oil and Gas
Lease by and between Rocky Greenfield and Evenette Greenfield, Trustees of the Revocable Living Trust of Rocky Greenfield and Evenette Greenfield and Empire Oil
Company dated July 29, 2008 
 
 10-K 
 10.12 
 04-15-11 
 
 10.12 
 Oil and Gas
Lease No.1 by and between Rocky Greenfield and Evenette Greenfield, Trustees of the Revocable Living Trust of Rocky Greenfield and Evenette Greenfield and
Empire Oil Company dated July 14, 2008 
 
 10-K 
 10.13 
 04-15-11 
 
 10.13 
 Amendment to
Oil and Gas Lease by and between The Rocky Greenfield and Evenette Greenfield Revocable 
 
 10-K 
 10.14 
 04-15-11 

-64- 

Living Trust, Rocky Greenfield and Evenette Greenfield, Trustees and Oasis Petroleum North
America, LLC dated September 18, 2009 

10.14 
 Extension,
Amendment and Ratification of Oil and Gas Lease by and between Evenette Greenfield and Rocky Greenfield and The Armstrong Corporation dated September 9, 2003

10-K 
 10.15 
 04-15-11 
 
 10.15 
 Extension,
Amendment and Ratification of Oil and Gas Lease by and between Evenette Greenfield and The Armstrong Corporation dated November 24, 2004 
 
 10-K 
 10.16 
 04-15-11 
 
 10.16 
 Oil and Gas
Lease No.2 by and between Rocky Greenfield and Evenette Greenfield, Trustees of the Revocable Living Trust of Rocky Greenfield and Evenette Greenfield and
Empire Oil Company dated July 14, 2008 
 
 10-K 
 10.17 
 04-15-11 
 
 10.17 
 Oil and Gas
Lease by and between Val Holms and Mari Holms, individually and as Trustees of the Val Holms and Mari Holms Revocable Living Trust and Empire Oil Company dated
July 29, 2008 
 
 10-K 
 10.18 
 04-15-11 
 
 10.18 
 Oil and Gas
Lease by and between Val Holms and Mari Holms, individually and as Trustees of the Val Holms and Mari Holms Revocable Living Trust and Empire Oil Company dated
July 14, 2008 
 
 10-K 
 10.19 
 04-15-11 
 
 10.19 
 Oil and Gas
Lease by and between Val Holms and Mari Holms, individually and as Trustees of the Val Holms and Mari Holms Revocable Living Trust and The Armstrong Corporation
dated March 1, 2005 
 
 10-K 
 10.20 
 04-15-11 
 
 10.20 
 Oil and Gas
Lease by and between Val Holms and Mari Holms Revocable Living Trust, Val Holms and Maris Holms Trustees and The Armstrong Corporation dated September 9, 2003

10-K 
 10.21 
 04-15-11 
 
 10.21 
 Oil and Gas
Lease by and between Val Holms and Mari Holms, Trustees of the Val Holms and Mari Holms Revocable Living Trust and the Armstrong Corporation dated November 24,
2004 
 
 10-K 
 10.22 
 04-15-11 
 
 10.22 
 Oil and Gas
Lease by and between Val Holms and Mari Holms, individually and as Trustees of the Val Holms and Mari Holms Revocable Living Trust and Empire Oil Company dated
July 14, 2008 
 
 10-K 
 10.23 
 04-15-11 
 
 10.23 
 Form of
Convertible Bridge Loan Agreement 2011 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 05-25-11 
 
 10.24 
 Mineral
Property Sale and Purchase Agreement Between John L. Reely, Lincoln Green, Inc. and Bakken Resources, Inc. dated effective as of September 21, 2011 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 09-27-11 

10.25 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated February 4, 2014 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 02-10-14 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 X 

Exhibit 10.25 is subject to SEC s confidential treatment order dated March 24, 2014. 

-65- 

SIGNATURES 
 
 In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant caused this
Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Helena, MT on this 15th day of April, 2014. 

BAKKEN RESOURCES, INC. 

Date: April 15, 2014 
 By: 
 /s/ Val M. Holms 

Val M. Holms 
 President, CEO, and Director 
 (principal executive officer) 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form
10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities indicated below on this 15th day of April, 2014.

Date: April 15, 2014 
 By: 
 /s/ Val M. Holms 

Val M. Holms 
 President, CEO, and Director 

(principal executive officer) 

Date: April 15, 2014 
 By: 
 / s/ David Deffinbaugh 

David Deffinbaugh 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(principal financial and accounting officer) 

Date: April 15, 2014 
 By: 
 / s/ Karen Midtlyng 

Karen Midtlyng 

Secretary and Director 

Date: April 15, 2014 
 By: 
 / s/ Bill M. Baber 

Bill M. Baber 

Director 

Date: April 15, 2014 
 By: 
 / s/ W. Edward Nichols 

Edward W. Nichols 

Director 

Date: April 15, 2014 
 By: 
 / s/ Herman R. Landeis 

Herman R. Landeis 

Director 

-66- 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d31047_ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Val M. Holms, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bakken Resources, Inc. (registrant); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 15, 2014 
 
 / s/ Val M. Holms 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d31047_ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, David Deffinbaugh, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bakken Resources, Inc. (registrant); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on
my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 15, 2014 
 
 / s/ David Deffinbaugh 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d31047_ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bakken Resources, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Val M. Holms, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date: April 15, 2014 
 
 /s/ Val M. Holms 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d31047_ex32-2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual Report on Form 10-K of Bakken Resources, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), David Deffinbaugh, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date: April 15, 2014 
 
 /s/ David Deffinbaugh 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 18
 bkkn-20131231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 bkkn-20131231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 bkkn-20131231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 bkkn-20131231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 bkkn-20131231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 23
 bkkn-20131231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

