<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20140820_10-K_edgar_data_700890_0001471242-14-000328.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>605807</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>139611</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>115802</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>303857</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>5</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001471242-14-000328.hdr.sgml : 20140820
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20140820121737
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001471242-14-000328
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140820
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140820

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AsherXino Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000700890
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				930962072
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10965
		FILM NUMBER:		141054213

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		90 NEW MONTGOMERY STREEY, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415) 882-5300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		90 NEW MONTGOMERY STREEY, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XINO CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040330

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CITA BIOMEDICAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOUTHWESTERN ENVIRONMENTAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930719

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001471242-14-000328.txt : 20140820

10-K
 1
 axno10k12312013.htm
 AXNO10K12312013

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 

 or 

 TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the transition period from ___________ to ____________________ 

Commission
File Number: 000-10965 

ASHERXINO
CORPORATION 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

GEORGIA 
 93-0962072 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation
 or organization) 
 (IRS Employer Identification Number) 

70
 Mansell Court, Suite 100 
 Roswell,
 GA 30075 
 678-666-2564 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices,
 including zip code) 
 (Issuer's telephone number, including
 area code) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: (title of class) Common Stock, 0.001 par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained in herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge , in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [____] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

| (do not
check if a smaller reporting company) 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12-b-2 of the Exchange Act) 
 Yes No 

As of December
31, 2013, there was no active market for our stock, thus, aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates cannot
be computed. We had 161,582,542 shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 2013 

Table
of Contents 

Part I 

Item 1. Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 4 
 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 
 
 Item 2 Properties 
 10 
 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 
 Item 4 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Securities Holders 
 14 

Part
 II 

Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder
 Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 14 
 
 Item
 6 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 Item
 7 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 14 
 19 
 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting
 and Financial Disclosure 
 31 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 31 
 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 32 

Part
 III 

Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 32 
 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 34 
 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
 and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 
 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
 Independence 
 36 
 
 Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 36 
 
 Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 36 

SIGNATURES 
 
 37 

- 1 - 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

 The
accompanying financial statements and other information included in this Form 10-K has not been reviewed by our Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

AVAILABLE
INFORMATION 

We
are currently subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
We file periodic reports, proxy materials and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ).
In addition, we will furnish stockholders with annual reports containing audited financial statements certified by our independent
accountants and interim reports containing unaudited financial information as may be necessary or desirable. We will provide
without charge to each person who receives a copy of this report, upon written or oral request, a copy of any information that
is incorporated by reference in this report (not including exhibits to the information that is incorporated by reference unless
the exhibits are themselves specifically incorporated by reference). Such request should be directed to: Patrick Okorodudu, 1
Glenlake Parkway NE, 7 th Floor, Atlanta, GA 30328. Our Web site is www.asherxino.com . 

We
strive to provide free of charge on our Web site our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports
on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon
as reasonably practicable. 

Members
of the public may read and copy any materials we file with the Commission at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street,
NE., Washington, DC 20549, on official business days during the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Members of the public may obtain information
on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1 800 SEC 0330. The Web site of the
Commission is www.sec.gov . That website contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding
issuers that file electronically with the Commission. Visitors to the Commission's Web site may access such information by searching
the EDGAR database. 

INFORMATION
ABOUT 

 FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Form 10-K contains forward looking statements (as that term is defined in Section 27A(i)(1) of the Securities Act
of 1933), including statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, expectations, future events or performance and
underlying assumptions and other statements which are other than statements of historical facts. Such forward looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed
in the forward looking statements. Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expressed in such forward looking statements are set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere throughout
this Form 10-K. Our expectations, beliefs and projections are expressed in good faith and are believed by us to have
a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that our expectations, beliefs or projections will result or be achieved or
accomplished. We have no obligation to update or revise forward looking statements to reflect the occurrence of future
events or circumstances. 

- 2 - 

Part
I 

Item
1. Business 

 AsherXino
Corporation Asher was originally incorporated in the State of Colorado on June 9, 1981 under the name Blue
Grass Breeders, Inc. In the subsequent twenty-two years, we became a public reporting company, changed our state
of incorporation to the State of Delaware, went through various name changes and engaged in various businesses, as described in
the section entitled Prior history below. 

We
have had no operating business since 2003. In 2003 we ceased filing our periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC due to the fact that we had no operations, and our securities were subsequently deregistered by
the SEC on April 30, 2009. 

In
June of 2009, our Board of Directors decided to enter into the business of owning and operating oil and gas assets by acquiring
certain oil related assets Asher Assets from certain individuals Asher Shareholders ). The
Asher Shareholders acquired beneficial ownership of the Asher Assets acting through ASHER Energy Corporation as their agent, and
they became shareholders in Asher upon our acquisition of the Asher Assets. Because the Asher Shareholders seek the
perceived advantages of being shareholders of a publicly held corporation, we re-registered our common stock by filing Form 10
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We intend
to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for so long as we are subject to those requirements. In
connection with our acquisition of the Asher Assets, the Asher Shareholders have become directors and officers of Asher (see Item
5, Directors and Executive Officers and will provide us with additional management and technical team members with
diverse experience in the oil and gas industry. 

Through
our acquisition of the Asher Assets, we are acquiring a 40 leasehold interest in and operatorship of an offshore oil
exploration and development block in Nigeria, Oil Prospecting License (OPL) 2012, which has an indefinite lease
term. See Item 2, Properties . In consideration for the asset acquisition, Asher has
issued 105,000,000 shares 1 of its common stock, or 87.5 of our total outstanding common stock, to the Asher
Shareholders and a related party. The rights to OPL 2012 acquired by Asher are subject to our performing the
following obligations: (i) a signature bonus of 12,500,000 payable immediately to the Nigerian government and (ii) a
 10,000,000 farm-in fee payable to a local partner. We are in the final stages of securing funding to pay both the
signature bonus and the farm-in fee. 

Through
our wholly-owned subsidiary, ASHERXINO Nigeria Limited, a Nigerian registered company, we will operate and develop OPL 2012 under
a joint venture arrangement with two Nigerian local partners, Grasso Nigeria Limited (which owns a 20 interest in OPL 2012) and
Sigmund Oilfield Limited (which owns a 40 interest in OPL 2012), and the state-owned Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation NNPC ), which manages all oil block concessions in Nigeria to ensure compliance with government regulations. A
percentage of the revenues generated from OPL 2012 will be paid to the Nigerian government as royalties. The prevailing
royalty rate applicable to OPL 2012 is 12 , with a 50 discount for the first five years. 

As
the technical and financial partner, we will be the sole company responsible for the development of OPL 2012. We will
provide financial resources and technical services for the exploration, appraisal, development and production of hydrocarbons
(including drilling and mining activities) within OPL 2012 and when OPL 2012 is converted to an Oil Mining License (OML). To
date, part of OPL 2012 is in the exploitation phase; the remainder of the block is still under exploration and development. Once
hydrocarbons are discovered, the first 10,000,000 of revenue generated from the sale of hydrocarbons produced from the property
will be paid to Sigmund Oilfield Limited as a Discovery Bonus . We will fund 100 of the development costs
of OPL 2012, including the signature bonus, farm-in fee, reserve audit report cost, seismic and engineering work and drill cost
and production. We will recover our development costs from future revenue generated from OPL 2012 once the Discovery Bonus and
government royalties are paid. Some of these development costs, such as the reserve audit report cost and the cost
of a 2D seismic survey, have already been paid. We will be entitled to 60 of the revenue from OPL 2012 (after the
Discovery Bonus and government royalties are paid) until we recover all of our development costs, together with a reasonable rate
of interest. After we have recovered our development costs, our share of revenues (after government royalties are paid) shall
be 40 . Our original estimated total development cost includes the cost of implementing a 3D seismic program of between 10,000,000
and 15,000,000; however, we now believe that based on existing vintage 2D seismic data on OPL 2012, there is a chance that we
may not need to undertake a 3D seismic program. See Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations . 

1 For
financial accounting purposes, these shares are deemed to have been issued for 53,750, representing the out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by the Asher Shareholders in connection with securing the Asher Assets. 

- 3 - 

In
2007, the Nigerian government carved out OPL 2012 from a larger oil block OML 137 operated by Addax Petroleum. Once
the signature bonus of 12,500,000 is paid to the Nigerian government, we may be in a position to negotiate with the owner of
the adjacent block, Eni Agip Nigeria Limited Eni/Agip ), to receive unitization revenue from Eni/Agip. Unitization
refers to the joint, coordinated operation of a petroleum reservoir by all the owners of rights in the separate tracts overlying
the reservoir. Such unitization revenue is subject to approval by the Nigerian government. 50 of any unitization
revenue received from Eni/Agip will be payable to Sigmund Oilfield Limited, the co-owner of the OPL 2012 leasehold interest. 
See Item 2, Properties , for a more detailed description of the OPL 2012 asset. We intend to finance our
operations through a combination of debt and equity financing. See Item 7, Financial Information Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Our principal business objectives
are to achieve long-term growth potential through its exploitation of the Asher Assets and to position ourselves as a leading
independent oil exploration and production company: an operator of choice in the Gulf of Guinea, one of the world s
most prolific hydrocarbon regions. Nigeria is the largest oil producer in Africa and contains many small oil fields
which have been considered marginal by the major multinational oil companies and thus have gone undeveloped. The
market for independent oil producers in Nigeria has grown substantially in recent years. Not only is our management
team experienced in identifying, negotiating and executing on attractive prospects and managing oil and gas projects, but we also
possess a good understanding of the Nigerian petroleum system and Nigeria s people, culture, business environment, community
and environmental issues. We plan to use cutting edge technologies and experienced oil and gas professionals to exploit,
develop and produce oil and gas while maintaining high ethical standards in all facets of our business, including minimizing any
negative impact of its operations on local communities and embarking on community development programs in the areas where we operate. 

Our
immediate objective is to create value from the production and exploration opportunities in OPL 2012. In the short
term we intend to implement a drilling program for OPL 2012, which will entail the hiring of about fifty to one hundred full-time
employees. Our longer term objective is to acquire and exploit prolific oil and gas deposits across the Gulf of Guinea
by acquiring additional leaseholds in and operatorships of offshore blocks. Although we intend to build an asset base
focused on the Gulf of Guinea (Nigeria, Ghana, Cote d Ivoire), as an independent oil exploration and production company
we will seek to acquire oil and gas assets anywhere in the world where management identifies lucrative prospects. 

Management
intends to purchase a corporate insurance program standard for the our industry with specific coverage against property damage,
sabotage and terrorism, general, product and environmental liability, loss of cargo, crime and Directors and
Officers liability. 

We
currently have four employees: Bayo O. Odunuga, who serves as our President and Chief Executive Officer, Patrick O.
Okorodudu, who serves as our General Counsel and Secretary, Warren H. Anderson, who serves as our Chief Technical Officer. Mr.
Anderson is a geologist and engineer with over thirty years of experience in petroleum exploration and drilling operations in
West Africa, and Ola Adebowale, who serves as our Chief Operating Officer is an engineer and former Managing Director of General
Electric (GE) Oil and Gas in Nigeria 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

 We
are subject to various risks that may materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Prospective
investors should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information in this Form 10-K before
deciding to purchase our common stock. If any of these risks or uncertainties actually materialize, our business, financial
condition or operating results could be materially harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could
decline significantly, and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 

The
risk factors described below are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or
that we currently deem immaterial, may also become important factors that affect us. 

Risks
related to Nigeria s political and regional environment 

 Nigeria
has experienced internal security issues that have had and could have in the future a negative effect on Nigerian oil production
and on us. 

 Nigeria
has experienced internal security issues, primarily due to the activities of Nigeria s military and militant groups in the
southern delta region, within the Gulf of Guinea. Nigeria s main militant group, the Movement for the Emancipation
of the Niger Delta, or MEND, has been conducting guerilla attacks on crude oil pipelines and other related infrastructure, kidnapping
oil workers, and generally disrupting the activities of oil companies with operations in Nigeria for the last three years, reducing
crude oil output by more than 20 . These activities and the violence associated with them have had and may have in
the future a negative impact on Nigerian oil production, and could have a material adverse effect on our business and assets. 

- 4 - 

Companies
operating in Nigeria, including us, are subject to prevailing economic conditions and investment climate in Nigeria, which may
be less stable than prevailing economic conditions in more developed countries. 

 Because,
at present, all of our operations are located in Nigeria, the market price of our securities may be affected by the prevailing
economic conditions in Nigeria. In the past, economic growth in Nigeria has been negatively affected by political instability,
corruption and lower foreign direct investment. 

The
Nigerian government has exercised and continues to exercise substantial influence over many aspects of the Nigerian economy, and
has changed monetary, fiscal, taxation, labor and other policies over time to influence the performance of the Nigerian economy. We
have no control over the extent and timing of government intervention and policies. 

If
the perception of improved overall security in Nigeria changes or if foreign direct investment declines, the Nigerian economy
may face a downturn which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operation. 

Our
operations are subject to extensive regulation. 

 The
Nigerian oil and gas industry is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Nigerian government in matters including
the award of exploration and production blocks, the imposition of specific drilling and exploration obligations, restrictions
on production, price controls, capital expenditures and required divestments. The main supervisory and regulatory petroleum
related agencies in Nigeria are the Nigerian Ministry of Petroleum Resources, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation NPC and the Department of Petroleum Resources DPR ). All the petroleum in Nigeria is vested in the Nigerian
federal government, which has absolute authority to control the resources and only permits their exploitation under license. The
Nigerian government, through the Ministry of Petroleum Resources, allocates acreages or licenses to operators in any areas deemed
to have potential for petroleum accumulation. The allocations are based on a set of criteria that is made known to
potential bidders at the time blocks are open for bidding. The Nigerian government reserves the right to participate
in the operations of any block and to determine the type of contractual arrangements between the licensee and the government. 

The
terms and conditions of the agreements with the Nigerian Ministry of Petroleum Resources under which we explore and produce crude
oil generally reflect negotiations with the Ministry of Petroleum Resources and other governmental authorities and may vary by
fields and basins discovered. 

We
are required, as are all oil companies undertaking exploratory and production activities in Nigeria, to pay a percentage of our
production to the Nigerian government as royalties. Royalty rates are as provided in the Petroleum Act, CAP 350 Laws
of the Federation of Nigeria 1990, and the prevailing royalty regime applicable to OPL 2012 is 12 . As a new company,
we will benefit from a 50 discount for the first five years. In the future, the Nigerian government may amend royalty
payment levels for our future acquisitions of oil assets and such changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition or results of operation. 

We
are subject to extensive environmental regulations in Nigeria. 

 Our
operations are subject to extensive national, state and local environmental regulations in Nigeria. Environmental rules and regulations
cover oil exploration and development activities as well as transportation, refining and production activities. These
regulations establish, among others, quality standards for hydrocarbon products, air emissions, water discharges and waste disposal,
environmental standards for abandoned crude oil wells, remedies for soil, water pollution and the general storage, handling, transportation
and treatment of hydrocarbons in Nigeria. As a result of the creation of the Federal Ministry of Environment FME in 1999 and the enactment of more rigorous laws, such as the Environmental Guidelines and Standards for the Petroleum Industry
in Nigeria (EGASPIN) 2002, environmental regulations will substantially impact our operations and business results. Under
the Environmental Impact Assessment Act of 1992, all exploratory project drilling must have an environmental impact assessment
approved by the FME and must receive an environmental permit from the local authorities. As the operator of an Oil
Prospecting License (OPL), we are required to prevent the escape of petroleum into any water, well, spring, stream river, lake
reservoir, estuary or harbor, and government inspectors may examine our premises to ensure that we comply with the regulations. The
Department of Petroleum Resources also regulates environmental issues by requiring operators in the oil and gas industry to obtain
permits for oil-related effluent discharges from point sources and oil-related project development. Non-compliance
with environmental laws may result in fines, restrictions on operations or other sanctions. 

We
are also subject to state and local environmental regulations issued by the regional environmental authorities, which
oversee compliance with each state s environmental laws and regulations by oil and gas companies. If we fail to comply with
any of these national or local environmental regulations we could be subject to administrative and criminal penalties, including
warnings, fines and facilities closure orders. 

- 5 - 

Environmental
compliance has become more stringent in Nigeria in recent years and as a result we will be required to allocate a significant
percentage of our capital expenditures for compliance with these laws and regulations. These costs may have a negative
impact on the profitability of the projects we intend to undertake or may make them economically unattractive, in turn having
a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
currently operate only in Nigeria. 

 Because,
for the foreseeable future, our oil revenues will be entirely based upon operations in Nigeria, the aforementioned risks unique
to Nigeria may adversely affect us more than they would a company operating in several different countries. 

Risks
related to our business 

We
are an exploration stage company. 

 Following
our acquisition of the Asher Assets, we are an exploration stage company. An exploration stage company is one
in which substantial efforts are devoted to establishing a new business, but the planned principal business has not commenced,
or, has commenced but has not generated significant revenues. As a result, we have
a limited history upon which an evaluation of our prospects and future performance can be made. Our proposed operations
are subject to all business risks associated with new enterprises. The likelihood of our success must be considered
in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered in connection with the expansion
of a business, operation in a competitive industry, and the development of a customer base. We have not generated revenue
since our acquisition of the Asher Assets and are unlikely to become profitable for some time. It is expected that
we will sustain losses in the future. Management will face the challenge of raising capital as well as building a management
team able to execute our plans. There can be no assurance that we will meet and overcome these challenges. 

We
are dependent on financing. 

As
a new company with plans for major development activity, we will be reliant upon funding to fully implement our business plans
and expand our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain the necessary funding on commercially
reasonable terms in a timely fashion, especially given the current global economy. Failure to receive the funding could
have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, and financial condition. 

We
intend to raise financing in the form of floating rate indebtedness and/or equity to pay the 12,500,000 signature bonus and 10,000,000
farm-in fee for our leasehold interest in Oil Prospecting License (OPL) 2012, and we expect to require further debt and/or equity
financing in the amount of 218,000,000 to 262,500,000 to exploit OPL 2012. Accordingly, if market interest rates
(principally LIBOR) rise, our financing expenses could increase which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. The size of our indebtedness may restrict our growth. We will need to use a portion
of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on such indebtedness, which may delay or even prevent us from pursuing certain
new business opportunities. Some loan agreements may contain restrictive covenants which may impair our operating flexibility. Failure
to meet certain financial covenants could cause us to violate the terms of loan agreements obtained in the future, if any, and
thereby result in acceleration of our indebtedness, impair our liquidity and limit our ability to raise additional capital. Our
failure to make required debt payments could result in an acceleration of our indebtedness, and, if unpaid, a judgment in favor
of such lender would be senior to the rights of holders of our common stock. A judgment creditor would have the right
to foreclose on any of our assets resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition
and the possible loss of all value in our common stock. 

The
timing of the various stages of our development plan is uncertain. 

Before
we may begin our work program to develop OPL 2012, we must pay a 12,500,000 signature bonus to the Nigerian government and a
 10,000,000 farm-in fee to our local Nigerian partner, and submit our work program for approval by the Nigerian government agencies
responsible for oil exploration and production. See Item 2, Financial Information Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation . Although we are in the process of concluding financing
arrangements to raise sufficient funds to pay the signature bonus and farm-in fee, the exact timing of when we will be able to
pay the signature bonus and farm-in fee is uncertain. Furthermore, although our management has had substantial experience
working with oil and gas ventures in Nigeria and has previously dealt with the Nigerian government on other oil projects, it is
impossible to predict the timing of government approvals of oil development work programs. Such timing is entirely within
the control of the Nigerian government and will depend on a variety of factors, including the government regulatory policies then
in effect, the government agency department supervisors involved in the approval process, and the workload and staffing of the
government agencies. 

- 6 - 

We are dependent on key personnel. 

Our
success will depend largely on the efforts and abilities of our senior management. In particular, we are dependent
upon our President and Chief Executive Officer, Bayo O. Odunuga, and our General Counsel and Secretary, Patrick O. Okorodudu,
who are responsible for developing our operations and business plans. The loss of services of senior management could
have a substantial adverse effect on us. The expansion of our business will be largely contingent on our ability to
attract and retain highly qualified corporate and operations level management team. There is no assurance that the
Company can find suitable management personnel or will have financial resources to attract or retain such people if found. 

Our
business will depend substantially on international prices for crude oil and refined products, and prices for these products are
volatile. A sharp decrease in such prices could materially and adversely affect our business prospects and future results
of operations. 

 Crude oil
prices have traditionally fluctuated as a result of a variety of factors including, among others, the following: 

Changes in international prices
of natural gas and refined products; 

Changes in global and regional
demand for and supplies of crude oil, natural gas and refined products; 

Regulatory and tax changes; 

Inventory levels; 

Increase in the cost of capital; 

Adverse economic conditions; 

Development of new technologies; 

Economic and political events,
especially in the Middle East and elsewhere with high levels of crude oil production; 

The willingness and ability
of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries or OPEC and its members to set production levels and prices; 

Price and availability of alternative
competing fuels; 

Cost of, and disruptions in,
shipping bulk oil; 

Weather conditions; and 

Terrorism and global conflict. 

We
anticipate that our revenues will come from sales of crude oil and natural gas. A significant and sustained decrease
in crude oil prices could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, a reduction
of international crude oil prices could result in a delay in our capital expenditure plan, in particular delaying exploration
and development activities, thereby delaying the incorporation of reserves. 

The
current global financial crisis and uncertain economic environment have led to lower oil prices that, if sustained, may negatively
affect our future cash flow and make it difficult for us to achieve our growth objectives. 

 The
current global financial crisis and uncertain economic environment that worsened in the second half of 2008 have led to a worldwide
decrease in demand for oil products. As a result, prices for oil products have fallen since the middle of 2008, from
a high of approximately 137 per barrel (all countries spot price as estimated by the U.S. Energy Information Administration)
to a low of approximately 34 per barrel at the beginning of 2009. Since the beginning of 2009 oil prices have recovered
somewhat, currently averaging about 68 per barrel over the first three weeks of September 2009. If oil prices
remain low, we may be required to revise our growth objectives, particularly in light of substantial decreases in the availability
of credit in the capital markets. The global financial and economic situation may also have a negative impact on third
parties with whom we do, or may do, business. Any of these factors may affect our results of operations, financial
condition and liquidity. 

We
do not own any of the crude oil and natural gas reserves in Nigeria. 

 A
guaranteed source of crude oil and natural gas reserves is essential to an oil and gas company's sustained production and generation
of income. As mentioned above, under Nigerian law, the Nigerian government owns all crude oil and natural gas reserves
in Nigeria and the concessionaire owns the oil and gas it produces. We possess the exclusive right to develop our reserves
pursuant to concession agreements awarded to our local partners by the Nigerian government and we will own our percentage of the
hydrocarbons we produce under the concession agreements, but if the Nigerian government were to restrict or prevent us from exploiting
these crude oil and natural gas reserves, our ability to generate income would be adversely affected. 

- 7 - 

Achieving
our long-term growth prospects depends on our ability to execute our strategic plan, in particular discovering additional reserves
and successfully developing them, and failure to do so could prevent us from achieving our long-term goals for growth in production. 

The
ability to achieve our long-term growth objectives depends on discovering or acquiring new reserves as well as successfully developing
them by completing long lead-time, capital-intensive projects timely and on budget. Our exploration activities expose
us to the inherent risks of drilling, including the risk that we will not discover commercially productive crude oil or natural
gas reserves. As described below, the costs associated with drilling wells are often uncertain, and numerous factors
beyond our control may cause drilling operations to be curtailed, delayed or cancelled. 

If
we are unable to conduct successful exploration and development activities, or if we do not acquire properties having proved reserves,
our level of proved reserves will decline as reserves are extracted. Failure to secure additional reserves at acceptable
costs may impede us from achieving our growth and production targets and may have a negative effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. 

Our
future drilling activities are capital intensive and may not be productive. 

Drilling
for crude oil and natural gas involves numerous risks, including the risk that we will not encounter commercially productive crude
oil or natural gas reservoirs. The costs of drilling, completing and operating wells are high or uncertain, and drilling
operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of a variety of factors, including: 

Unexpected drilling conditions; 

Pressure or irregularities
in formations; 

Security problems; 

Equipment failures or accidents; 

Fires, explosions, blow-outs
and surface cratering; 

Title problems; 

Other adverse weather conditions;
and 

Shortages or delays in the
availability or in the delivery of equipment. 

Certain
of our future drilling activities may not be successful and, if unsuccessful, this failure could reduce the ratio at which we
replace our reserves, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Competition
from local and foreign crude oil companies may have a negative impact on our ability to gain access to additional crude oil and
natural gas reserves in Nigeria and the surrounding region. 

NNPC
and DPR under the Nigerian Ministry of Petroleum Resources are the key governmental entities responsible for promoting oil and
gas investments in Nigeria, establishing reference terms for exploration rounds and assigning exploration blocks to oil and gas
companies. Under current regulations, only the holder of a concession or assignee or other accredited contractors can engage in
petroleum exploration and production operations in Nigeria. We will be competing with local and foreign oil companies
for additional interests in blocks offered for exploration by the Nigerian government. Our ability to obtain access
to potential production fields also will depend on our ability to evaluate and select potential hydrocarbon-producing fields and
to adequately bid for these exploration fields. 

We
will face similar competition from local market players and international oil companies in Ghana and other parts of the Gulf of
Guinea. 

If
we are unable to adequately compete with foreign and local oil companies, or if we cannot enter into joint ventures with market
players with properties where we could potentially find additional reserves, we may be obligated to conduct exploration activities
in less attractive blocks and our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

In
addition, many of our competitors are better capitalized than we are and have substantially greater marketing and technological
resources, which could give them a significant competitive advantage. There is the possibility that our competitors
could capture a significant share of our intended market with a materially adverse effect on our anticipated financial performance. 

- 8 - 

We may experience difficulties in recruiting and retaining
qualified personnel. 

The
increase in worldwide activity in the oil and gas sector has resulted in an increase in the demand for qualified industry personnel.
Compensation for oil engineers and other experienced industry personnel has risen in recent years making it harder for oil companies
with smaller budgets to recruit and retain top talent. We will need to allocate resources to identifying and recruiting
highly qualified personnel for our future drilling and other development activities. If we are unable to recruit the
necessary personnel or if we cannot retain existing personnel, we may not be able to operate adequately or meet our growth plans
which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our
operations may be disrupted as a result of external factors. 

We
will operate in both urban areas and remote and sometimes inhospitable regions. We are exposed to several risks that
may disrupt our activities. These risks include, among others, adverse weather, fire disasters, explosions, malfunction
of pipelines and emission of toxic substances. As a result of the occurrence of any of the above, our operational activities
could be significantly affected or paralyzed. These risks could result in property damage, loss of revenue, cost of human lives,
pollution and harm to the environment, among others. If any of these occur, we may be exposed to economic sanctions,
fines or penalties. 

Management
intends to purchase a corporate insurance program standard for our industry with specific coverage against property damage, sabotage and terrorism,
general, product and environmental liability, loss of cargo and crime; however it is uncertain on what terms such insurance will
be available to us. Due to the nature of our business, we are a highly vulnerable company, and could face losses due
to risks excluded from or within deductibles of our corporate insurance program. Some other unexpected or unforeseen
factors may affect our ability to continue our normal operations and materially affect our financial position. 

Our
business will subject us to liability risks. 

We
intend to produce, transport, refine and market materials with potential toxicity, and purchase, handle and dispose of other potentially
toxic materials in the course of our business. Our operations will also produce byproducts, which may be considered
pollutants. Any of these activities could result in liability, either as a result of an accidental, unlawful discharge
or as a result of new conclusions on the effects of our operations on human health or the environment. 

Working
with joint venture partners decreases our ability to manage risk. 

We
will conduct many of our operations through joint ventures in which we share control with other parties such as local partners
and local government. Differences in views among the joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or
in failures to agree on major issues. There is the risk that our partners may at any time have economic, business or
legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of the project or us. There is also the risk our partners
may be unable to meet their economic or other obligations and we may be required to fulfill those obligations alone. Our
failure to adequately manage the risks associated with working with joint venture partners could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition or results of operations. 

We
anticipate entering into additional joint ventures with other entities. There is no assurance that we will undertake
such joint ventures or, if undertaken, that such joint ventures will be successful. 

Regulation
of greenhouse gas emissions could increase our operational costs and reduce demand for our products. 

Management
expects continued political attention to issues concerning climate change, and the role of human activity in it and potential
remediation or mitigation through regulation that could materially affect our operations. 

Our
financial performance will depend on a number of factors, including, among others, the greenhouse gas emissions reductions required
by law, the price and availability of emission allowances and credits, the extent to which we would be entitled to receive emission
allowances or need to purchase them in the open market or through auctions and the impact of legislation on our ability to recover
the costs incurred through the pricing of our products. Material cost increases or incentives to conserve or use alternative
energy sources could reduce demand for our products. To the extent these costs are not ultimately reflected in the
price of our products, our operating results will be adversely affected. 

- 9 - 

Compliance
with Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

We
will be exposed to significant costs and risks associated with complying with increasingly stringent and complex regulations of
corporate governance and disclosure standards imposed on public companies. Changing laws, regulations and standards
relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, new SEC regulations and stock
exchange rules require a growing expenditure of management time and external resources. In particular, Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires management s annual review and evaluation of our internal controls, and attestations
of the effectiveness of our internal controls by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

Risks
related to our common stock 

We
do not have a recent trading history of common stock. 

 The
market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our
control. In the event that the trading price of our common stock declines, investors may lose all or part of their
investment in our common stock. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends. 

No
dividends have been paid on our common stock. We do not anticipate the payment of cash dividends in the foreseeable future. If
our operations become profitable, it is anticipated that, for the foreseeable future, any income received would be devoted to
our future operations and that cash dividends would not be paid to our shareholders. 

Investors
may suffer dilution. 

We
intend to seek equity financing to fund our future operations and growth. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity
securities, stockholders may experience dilution of their ownership interest (both with respect to the percentage of total securities
held, and with respect to the book value of their securities) and such securities may have rights senior to those of the holders
of our common stock. 

Our
common stock is concentrated in the hands of a few owners. 

Currently,
our officers and directors and their related parties own the vast majority of the Company s outstanding shares and are able
to elect all of the directors and control the Company. Investors will likely own a minority percentage of our entire
voting stock and have minority voting rights. Investors will not likely have the ability to control either a vote of
our shareholders or Board of Directors. See Item 4, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management . 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None. 

Item
2. Properties 

 Currently,
all of our potential oil assets are located in Nigeria. Under Nigerian law, the federal government owns all crude oil
and natural gas reserves in Nigeria, and we have certain rights to explore and produce those reserves in areas awarded by the
Nigerian government after public bidding. We will hold a 40 leasehold interest in and operatorship of the Nigerian
offshore oil block OPL 2012, located in the Niger Delta. OPL 2012 has an indefinite lease term, and only terminates
if after ten years no development is undertaken by the leaseholders on the oil block. 

- 10 - 

Description
of OPL 2012 

 OPL
2012 is situated within the central portion of the offshore Niger Delta in what is usually referred to as the nose of the
Delta . This is an area associated with maximum deltaic progradation and sedimentation, usually evident in the
maximum seaward growth of the delta within this region. The block is situated within the continental shelf, in water
depths ranging from sixty meters to one hundred meters. OPL 2012 was carved out of what used to be OPL 225 (now OML
137) operated by Addax Petroleum. The block was recently awarded by the Nigerian Department of Petroleum Resources
to a consortium led by Grasso Nigeria Limited. Previous drilling activities in the former block OPL 225 were concentrated
in the southern part of the block. None of the wells drilled into the oil generating window. 

In
April 2009, the Asher Shareholders commissioned an independent audit on OPL 2012. Bayphase Limited, a United Kingdom
based oil and gas consultancy, performed the study. The purpose of the study was to categorize and evaluate the Reserves,
Contingent and Prospective resources within OPL 2012 in accordance with the Petroleum Resources Management System (2007),
proposed by the Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE), American Association of Petroleum Geologists (AAPG), World Petroleum Council
(WPC) and the Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPEE) as standardized definitions of petroleum resources and how they are estimated. 

The
study was performed through a review of seismic data and interpretations and well data reports. From seismic data and
interpretations, there are two major structures in OPL 2012. One structure in OPL 2012 contains an extension of the
producing Agbara field (located in OML 116 and operated by Eni/Agip). This structure is an exploitation 
development and less risky to develop because of existing production and production facilities in the Agbara field. Accordingly,
the resources associated with this structure have been classified by Bayphase Limited in its audit report as reserves . The
second structure is located in the southeast of OPL 2012 (Shokoloko Discovery Extension in OML 137 operated by Addax Petroleum)
and is an exploration development because there is no production or production facilities nearby, hence it is more
risky to develop. This structure was accordingly categorized by Bayphase Limited as contingent resources 
since there is currently no viable commercial recovery of known accumulation under development in or around this structure. 

We
believe that the presence of at least fifteen commercial oil fields in adjacent blocks indicates that the prospects of recovering
oil from OPL 2012 are extremely high. However, we currently have no entitlement to any of these adjacent fields, and
the locality of OPL 2012 does not assure that OPL 2012 will experience recoveries similar to its neighboring fields. 

As
of July 30, 2009 and according to the public disclosures from the respective international oil company and the government regulatory
agency responsible for hydrocarbon production in Nigeria (i.e. the Department of Petroleum Resources), three major multi-national
oil companies, Shell, Eni/Agip and Addax Petroleum, have had great success around OPL 2012: 

To the east : Addax
 Petroleum s OML 126 (Okwori and Nda fields) has produced an estimated 265 million barrels of oil. Production
 commenced in March 2005 and averaged 41,250 barrels of oil per day (BOPD) in 2007. Further east is Eni/Agip s
 OML 119 (Okono and Okpono fields) which has produced an estimated 240 million barrels of oil. 

To the west: Eni/Agip s
 OML 116 (Agbara field) is reported to have produced 100 to 120 million barrels of oil to date. Production commenced
 in 1989, and according to the production log with the Nigerian Department of Petroleum Resources, the average production from
 OML 116 in 2008 was 7,500 BOPD. 

To the north and northeast: Shell s
 OML 72 (Kalaeuele field), OML 74 (JK field) and OML 77 (HD field). 

To the south: Addax
 Petroleum s OML 137 (formerly OPL 225) (Shokoloko field) from which OPL 2012 was carved. (See diagrams 1 and 2) 

- 11 - 

Diagram
1: OPL 2012 

Diagram
2: Addax Petroleum OML 137 and 126 fields 

Source: Addax
Petroleum 

 http://www.addaxpetroleum.com/operations/nigeria/license_areas_overview/offshore_license_areas/oml126-137 

Agbara
field in nearby Eni/Agip s OML 116 (formerly OPL 472) has been found to extend significantly into block OPL 2012. OML
116 is currently producing from the Agbara field and OPL 2012. We intend to pursue the unitization of Agbara field
hydrocarbon production with ENI/Agip. One major structure on OPL 2012 that could be a potential prospect for hydrocarbon
accumulations is of close proximity to OML 116. (See diagram 3) 

- 12 - 

Diagram
3: ENI/AGIP OML 116 and ASHERXINO OPL 2012 

 OML 116
 AGBARA 

 Agbara
Deep Dir WELL Level PQ Depth Map OPL
2012 Datum: mean sea level C.I.: 10m 

Source: ENI
Exploration and Production division 

There
is currently no 3D seismic acquisition on OPL 2012. However, about 1400 kilometers of 2D seismic data exist in the
block. These seismic data show good reflection quality down to five seconds of two way travel time, or down to depths
of about 4,000 to 5,000 feet. Sedimentary packages typical of the paralic and marine paralic Agbada formation can be
seen down to the equivalent depths. 

Although
geologic structure alone is insufficient for hydrocarbon deposits, seismic structural review also shows the OPL 2012 block to
be dissected by several synthetic and antithetic faults, some of which are associated with structural closures that could be potential
prospects for hydrocarbon accumulations. A major structure building fault close to Addax Petroleum's OML 137 and OML
126 has been identified. It proceeds from Addax Petroleum s OML 119 (formerly OPL 90), cuts into the southeastern
portion of the OPL 2012 block, and proceeds through the block into Shell s OML 74 (another producing block) in the northwest
end of the OPL 2012 block. 

Drilling
In Progress 

 At December
31, 2013, there was no drilling in progress. 

Description
of Physical Facilities 

 We lease
office space at 70 Mansell Court, Suite 100 Roswell GA 30076 and 10A Ajanaku Street off Salvation Road, Opebi-Ikeja, Lagos, Nigeria. 

- 13 - 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

 Presently,
there are no material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party, and no such proceedings are known to us to be threatened
or contemplated against us. 

Item
4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Securities Holders 

 None. 

Part
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 Our
common stock is listed for quotation in the Electronic Bulletin Board owned and maintained by OTC, trading under the symbol AXNO . 

The
approximate number of record holders of our common stock as of the date of this Form 10-K is 2,656. 

Holders
of our common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our Board of Directors. No dividends on our common
stock have been paid to date nor do we anticipate that dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. 

Item
6. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 

 Since
we had no business operations from 2003 until our recent acquisition of the Asher Assets, and therefore no income from operations,
this discussion involves only the plan of operation. 

In
June 2009, our Board of Directors decided to enter into the business of owning and operating oil and gas assets by acquiring certain
oil related assets. Our immediate objective is to create value from the production and exploration opportunities in
our significant working interest in OPL 2012 by embarking on a work program that will include drilling operations and the hiring
of about fifty to one hundred full-time employees. We intend to finance its operations through a combination of debt
and equity financing. In addition, management may decide to farm-out or sell some of our interest in OPL 2012 to finance
the development of the block. We also intend to acquire additional leaseholds in and operatorships of offshore blocks
in Nigeria and Ghana. In the long term, we aim to acquire and exploit the prolific oil and gas deposits across the
Gulf of Guinea and worldwide. 

We
currently have few capital resources and we are unlikely to generate significant revenues for some time. This raises
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. See Notes to our Financial Statements in Item 8,
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . Without realization of additional capital, it would be unlikely
that we could continue as a going concern. However, management has been in discussions with several financial institutions
(i.e. banks, private equity funds, sovereign funds, energy companies and other corporate entities) to procure funding for the
development of OPL 2012 through the issuance of debt and/or equity. Based on these discussions management anticipates
obtaining sufficient funding to perform our obligations related to OPL 2012 over the next year. 

Management
is in the process of concluding financing arrangements with financial institutions in Nigeria who are finalizing their due diligence
and economic modeling for the project. Management anticipates raising sufficient funds to pay the 12,500,000 signature
bonus to the Nigerian government and the 10,000,000 farm-in fee to our local partner in the near future. 

Upon
the payment of the signature bonus, the development of OPL 2012 will take place in two phases over a three year period. In
Phase 1 (Year 1), we will pursue one of two scenarios. Scenario 1 involves working jointly with Eni/Agip to develop
OPL 2012 through the unitization process, which enables owners of two straddled oil fields to proceed with the development and
operation of the field as a single unit, to ensure maximum hydrocarbons recovery with no duplication of costs. Scenario
2 involves pursuing an international joint venture partnership with Superior Well Drilling LLC and its local Nigerian partner
Omega Maritime Energy Limited (collectively, Superior to drill and complete one vertical well at 4,000 feet. Superior
will provide rigs and drill the well, and Superior will be paid from proceeds of hydrocarbons recovered. Engineering
and environmental work will be done prior to drilling and completing the vertical well. Such engineering and environmental
work will include the casing and design of the well. 

In
either Scenario 1 or 2, revenue sharing between Asher and Eni/Agip or Superior will be negotiated and agreed by the parties. Also,
neither scenario includes provision for a 3D seismic program, as we now believe that, based on technical evaluation of OPL 2012,
there is a chance that a 3D seismic survey may not need to be performed given there exists vintage 2D seismic data on OPL 2012. 

- 14 - 

Scenario
1 is our preferred option because it is more cost effective. Production facilities are available in Eni/Agip s
neighboring OML 116, and only require that the lateral well from OML 116 be extended into OPL 2012. Under Scenario
1, we may be able to avoid any further engineering work since all technical data relating to OPL 2012 will be provided from ongoing
development and production in OML 116. However, we have not yet obtained Eni/Agip s agreement to jointly develop
OPL 2012. In the event that we are unsuccessful in obtaining Eni/Agip s timely agreement, we will proceed with
Scenario 2. An international Joint Venture Agreement JV Agreement was previously executed by the Asher
Shareholders and Superior pursuant to which Superior would execute drilling and operations for oil drilling projects secured by
us (such as Scenario 2) and be reimbursed for providing such services by the joint venture from crude oil sales. The
Asher Shareholders have assigned their rights in the JV Agreement to the Company. (See tables below) 

YEAR
1 (Project Phase 1) Authorization For Expenditure (AFE) 

SCENARIO
1 (With agreement to unitize with Eni/Agip) 

DESCRIPTION 
 TIME/DATE 
 AMOUNT 
 SOURCE 
 
 Signature Bonus 
 Pre-Day 1 
 12,500,000 
 Banks/Pr. Equity funds 
 
 Farm-In Fees 
 Pre-Day 1 
 10,000,000 
 Banks/Pr. Equity funds 
 
 Review and Approval of Work Program by Nigerian Government Agencies 
 Pre-Day 1 

Unitization with AGIP (to extend lateral well into OPL 2012) 
 Day 1-60 
 10,000,000 
 Banks/Pr. Equity funds 
 
 Salaries and Operating Expenses 
 Day 1-365 
 3,000,000 
 Banks/Pr. Equity funds 
 
 WORK PROGRAM COSTS 
 Day 1-365 
 35,500,000 

SCENARIO
2 (To partner with Superior and drill and complete one vertical well) 

DESCRIPTION 
 TIME/DATE 
 AMOUNT 
 SOURCE 
 
 Signature Bonus 
 Pre-Day 1 
 12,500,000 
 Banks/Pr. Equity funds 
 
 Farm-In Fees 
 Pre-Day 1 
 10,000,000 
 Banks/Pr. Equity funds 
 
 Review and Approval of Work Program by Nigerian Government Agencies 
 Pre-Day 1 

Engineering Environmental Work (Casing Design) 
 Day 1-60 
 4,500,000 
 Banks/Pr. Equity funds 
 
 Drill and Complete One Vertical Well @ 4,000 feet 
 Day 61-91 
 50,000,000 
 JV Partners and Banks/Pr. Equity funds 
 
 Salaries and Operating Expenses 
 Day 1-365 
 3,000,000 
 Banks/Pr. Equity funds 
 
 WORK PROGRAM COSTS 
 Day 1-365 
 80,000,000 

The
project activities listed above are scheduled to run consecutively. Upon the payment of the signature bonus, we will
submit our work program to the Nigerian government agencies responsible for oil exploration and production, Department of Petroleum
Resources (DPR) and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), who will each have to review the work program and
approve it before any exploration or production can commence. Once the government agencies approve the work program,
management will decide on the appropriate scenario to pursue for Phase 1. Day 1, the official start date of the OPL
2012 development project, will occur as soon as management determines which scenario it will follow. 

In
Phase 2 (Year 2 and 3), two or three additional wells will be drilled at an estimated total cost of 205,000,000. (See
table below) 

 YEAR
2 - 3 (Project Phase 2) 

DESCRIPTION 
 TIME/DATE 
 AMOUNT 
 SOURCE 
 
 Drill and complete 2 Directional Drilling (DD) wells @ 5,000 feet 
 Day 366 - 1095 
 200,000,000 
 JV Partners Crude Oil Sale Pr. Equity funds 
 
 Salaries and Operating Expenses 
 Day 366 - 1095 
 5,000,000 
 Banks/Pr. Equity funds 
 
 WORK PROGRAM COSTS 
 Day 366 - 1095 
 205,000,000 

Should we
be unable to fund any of the development costs related to OPL 2012, its local partner, Sigmund Oilfield Limited, would notify
us of our non-performance and formally request that we perform our agreed obligations. We would be given the 

- 15 - 

opportunity
to rectify or cure such fundamental non-performance issues if they are within our control. In case of further default,
Sigmund Oilfield Limited would have the option to seek to terminate its agreements with us and potentially terminate our interest
in OPL 2012. However, the OPL 2012 agreements were not drafted in such a manner that allows for immediate repercussions
or sanctions imposed on us in the event we are unable to fund any of the development costs. Rather, the agreements
provide for a dispute resolution process and contemplate discussion and negotiation among the parties in the event of our inability
to perform. For example, although the 12,500,000 signature bonus and 10,000,000 farm-in fee were each deemed payable
on May 15, 2009, we suffered no negative consequences from being delinquent in paying these amounts since it has regularly updated
Sigmund Oilfield Limited on the status of when payments would be made and Sigmund Oilfield Limited has granted informal extensions
of time for us to make such payments. 

Results
of Operations 

 Our
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2009 were substantially higher than our expenses last year and consist mainly of legal
professional and consulting costs associated with the filing of our registration statement and travel costs associated with doing
business in Nigeria. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 We
prepare our consolidated and combined financial statements in this report using accounting principles that are generally accepted
in the United States GAAP ). GAAP represents a comprehensive set of accounting and disclosure rules and requirements.
We must make judgments, estimates, and in certain circumstances, choices between acceptable GAAP alternatives as we apply these
rules and requirements. The most critical estimate we make is the engineering estimate of proved oil and gas reserves. This estimate
affects the application of the successful efforts method of accounting, the calculation of depreciation, depletion, and amortization
of oil and gas properties and the estimate of the impairment of our oil and gas properties. It also affects the estimated lives
used to determine asset retirement obligations. In addition, the estimates of proved oil and gas reserves are the basis for the
related standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows. 

Estimated
Oil and Gas Reserves 

 The
evaluation of our oil and gas reserves is critical to management of our operations and ultimately our economic success. Decisions
such as whether development of a property should proceed and what technical methods are available for development are based on
an evaluation of reserves. These oil and gas reserve quantities are also used as the basis of calculating the unit-of-production
rates for depreciation, evaluating impairment and estimating the life of our producing oil and gas properties in our asset retirement
obligations. Our proved reserves are classified as either proved developed or proved undeveloped. Proved developed reserves are
those reserves which can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods. Proved
undeveloped reserves include reserves expected to be recovered from new wells from undrilled proven reservoirs or from existing
wells where a significant major expenditure is required for completion and production. We also report probable reserves
and possible reserves, each of which reflects a lower degree of certainty of realization than proved reserves. 

When
we have proved reserves, independent reserve engineers will prepare the estimates of our oil and gas reserves presented in our
reports based on guidelines promulgated under GAAP and in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission. The evaluation of reserves by the independent reserve engineers involves their rigorous examination of our technical
evaluation and extrapolations of well information such as flow rates and reservoir pressure declines as well as other technical
information and measurements. Reservoir engineers interpret these data to determine the nature of the reservoir and ultimately
the quantity of proved, probable and possible oil and gas reserves attributable to a specific property. Proved reserves include
only quantities that we expect to recover commercially using current prices, costs, existing regulatory practices and technology.
While we are reasonably certain that the proved reserves will be produced, the timing and ultimate recovery can be affected by
a number of factors including completion of development projects, reservoir performance, regulatory approvals and changes in projections
of long-term oil and gas prices. Revisions can include upward or downward changes in the previously estimated volumes of proved
reserves for existing fields due to evaluation of (1) already available geologic, reservoir, or production data or (2) new geologic
or reservoir data obtained from wells. Revisions can also include changes associated with significant changes in development strategy,
oil and gas prices, or production equipment/facility capacity. 

Standardized
measure of discounted future net cash flows 

 The
standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relies on these estimates of oil and gas reserves using commodity prices
and costs. Effective for the year ending December 31, 2009 and later, commodity prices are based on the average prices as measure
on the first day of each of the last twelve calendar months. While we believe that future operating costs can be reasonably estimated,
future prices are difficult to estimate since the market prices are influenced by events beyond our control. Future global economic
and political events will most likely result in significant fluctuations in future oil and gas prices. 

- 16 - 

Standardized
measure of discounted future net cash flows 

 The
standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relies on these estimates of oil and gas reserves using commodity prices
and costs. Effective for the year ending December 31, 2009 and later, commodity prices are based on the average prices as measure
on the first day of each of the last twelve calendar months. While we believe that future operating costs can be reasonably estimated,
future prices are difficult to estimate since the market prices are influenced by events beyond our control. Future global economic
and political events will most likely result in significant fluctuations in future oil and gas prices. 

Revenue
Recognition 

 We
recognize oil and gas revenue from interests in producing wells as the oil and gas is sold. Revenue from the purchase, transportation,
and sale of natural gas is recognized upon completion of the sale and when transported volumes are delivered. We recognize revenue
related to gas balancing agreements based on the entitlement method. 

Oil
and Gas Exploration and Development 

 Oil
and gas exploration and development costs are accounted for using the full cost method of accounting. 

Oil
and Natural Gas Properties 

 We
account for our oil and natural gas producing activities using the full cost method of accounting as prescribed by the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Under this method, subject to a limitation based on estimated value, all costs
incurred in the acquisition, exploration, and development of proved oil and natural gas properties, including internal costs directly
associated with acquisition, exploration, and development activities, the costs of abandoned properties, dry holes, geophysical
costs, and annual lease rentals are capitalized within a cost center on a country by country basis. Costs of production
and general and administrative corporate costs unrelated to acquisition, exploration, and development activities are expensed
as incurred. 

Costs
associated with unevaluated properties are capitalized as oil and natural gas properties but are excluded from the amortization
base during the evaluation period. When we determine whether the property has proved recoverable reserves or not, or if there
is an impairment, the costs are transferred into the amortization base and thereby become subject to amortization. We
evaluate unevaluated properties for impairment at least annually. 

Capitalized
costs included in the amortization base are depleted using the units of production method based on proved reserves. Depletion
is calculated using the capitalized costs included in the amortization base, including estimated asset retirement costs, plus
the estimated future expenditures to be incurred in developing proved reserves, net of estimated salvage values. 

The
net book value of all capitalized oil and natural gas properties within a cost center, less related deferred income taxes, is
subject to a full cost ceiling limitation which is calculated quarterly. Under the ceiling limitation, costs may not
exceed an aggregate of the present value of future net revenues attributable to proved oil and natural gas reserves discounted
at 10 percent using current prices, plus the lower of cost or market value of unproved properties included in the amortization
base, plus the cost of unevaluated properties, less any associated tax effects. Any excess of the net book value, less
related deferred tax benefits, over the ceiling is written off as expense. Impairment expense recorded in one period may
not be reversed in a subsequent period even though higher oil and gas prices may have increased the ceiling applicable to the
subsequent period. 

Sales
or other dispositions of oil and natural gas properties are accounted for as adjustments to capitalized costs, with no gain or
loss recorded unless the ratio of cost to proved reserves would significantly change. 

Depreciation
of Other Property and Equipment 

 Furniture,
fixtures, equipment, and other are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The
estimated life of these assets range from three to five years. 

Impairment
of Properties, Plants and Equipment 

 Properties,
plants and equipment used in operations are assessed for impairment whenever changes in facts and circumstances indicate a possible
significant deterioration in the future cash flows expected to be generated by an asset group. If, upon review, the sum of the
undiscounted pretax cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset group, the carrying value is written down to estimated
fair value through additional amortization or depreciation provisions and reported as impairments in the periods in which the
determination of the impairment is made. Individual assets are grouped for impairment purposes at the lowest level for which there
are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets generally on a field-by-field
basis for exploration and production assets, at an entire complex level for refining assets or at a site level for retail stores.
Because there usually is a lack of quoted market prices for long-lived 

- 17 - 

assets, the fair value of impaired assets is determined
based on the present values of expected future cash flows using discount rates commensurate with the risks involved in the asset
group or based on a multiple of operating cash flow validated with historical market transactions of similar assets where possible.
Long-lived assets committed by management for disposal within one year are accounted for at the lower of amortized cost or fair
value, less cost to sell. 

The
expected future cash flows used for impairment reviews and related fair value calculations are based on estimated future production
volumes, prices and costs, considering all available evidence at the date of review. If the future production price risk has been
hedged, the hedged price is used in the calculations for the period and quantities hedged. The impairment review includes cash
flows from proved developed and undeveloped reserves, including any development expenditures necessary to achieve that production.
Additionally, when probable reserves exist, an appropriate risk-adjusted amount of these reserves may be included in the impairment
calculation. The price and cost outlook assumptions used in impairment reviews differ from the assumptions used in the Standardized
Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Oil and Gas Reserve Quantities. In that disclosure, SFAS No. 69,
 Disclosures about Oil and Gas Producing Activities, requires inclusion of only proved reserves and the use of prices
and costs at the balance sheet date, with no projection for future changes in assumptions. 

Asset
Retirement Obligations and Environmental Costs 

 We
record the fair value of legal obligations to retire and remove long-lived assets in the period in which the obligation is incurred
(typically when the asset is installed at the production location). When the liability is initially recorded, we capitalize this
cost by increasing the carrying amount of the related properties, plants and equipment. Over time the liability is increased for
the change in its present value, and the capitalized cost in properties, plants and equipment is depreciated over the useful life
of the related asset. 

Environmental
expenditures are expensed or capitalized, depending upon their future economic benefit. Expenditures that relate to an existing
condition caused by past operations, and do not have a future economic benefit, are expensed. Liabilities for environmental expenditures
are recorded on an undiscounted basis (unless acquired in a purchase business combination) when environmental assessments or cleanups
are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. Recoveries of environmental remediation costs from other parties, such
as state reimbursement funds, are recorded as assets when their receipt is probable and estimable. 

Stock
Based Compensation 

 Effective
January 1, 2006, we adopted SFAS No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment . SFAS 123(R) replaced SFAS No. 123 and supersedes
APB Opinion No. 25. SFAS 123(R) requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to
be recognized in the financial statements based on their fair values. The pro forma disclosures previously permitted under SFAS
123 are no longer an alternative to financial statement recognition. We adopted SFAS 123(R) using the modified prospective method
which requires the application of the accounting standard as of January 1, 2006. The consolidated and combined financial statements
for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 reflect the impact of adopting SFAS 123(R). 

Income
Taxes 

 Deferred
income taxes are based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. The deferred
income tax provision represents the change during the reporting period in the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities,
net of the effect of acquisitions and dispositions. Deferred income tax assets include tax loss and credit carryforwards
and are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion of all
of the deferred tax assets will be not be realized. Significant judgment is required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible
and taxable items. We establish reserves when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable, we
believe that certain positions may be challenged and potentially disallowed. When facts and circumstances change, we adjust
these reserves through our provision for income taxes. 

To
the extent interest and penalties may be assessed by taxing authorities on any underpayment of income tax, such amounts have been
accrued and are classified as a component of income tax expense in our Statement of Operations. 

We
adopted the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty
in Income Taxes, an Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109, (FIN 48) on January 1, 2007. The adoption did not result
in a material adjustment to the Company s tax liability for unrecognized income tax benefits. If applicable,
we would recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in interest expense. As of December 31, 2009, we
had not accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. The tax years 2006-2009 remain open to examination for
federal income tax purposes and by the other major taxing jurisdictions to which we are subject. 

- 18 - 

In
May 2007, the FASB issued FSP No. FIN 48-1, Definition of Settlement in FASB Interpretation No. 48, (FIN 48-1) which amends
FIN 48 and provides guidance concerning how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively, rather
than the previously required ultimately, settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits.
In addition, FIN 48-1 provides guidance on determining whether a tax position has been effectively settled. The guidance in FIN
48-1 is effective upon the initial January 1, 2007 adoption of FIN 48. Companies that have not applied this guidance must
retroactively apply the provisions of this FSP to the date of the initial adoption of FIN 48. We have adopted FIN 48-1 and no
retroactive adjustments were necessary. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

 As
a new company with plans for major development activity, we will be reliant upon funding to fully implement our business plans
and expand our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain the necessary funding on commercially
reasonable terms in a timely fashion, especially given the current global economy. Failure to receive the funding could
have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, and financial condition. 

We
intend to raise financing in the form of floating rate indebtedness and/or equity to pay the 12,500,000 signature bonus and 10,000,000
farm-in fee for our leasehold interest in Oil Prospecting License (OPL) 2012, and we expect to require further debt and/or equity
financing in the amount of 218,000,000 to 262,500,000 to exploit OPL 2012. Accordingly, if market interest rates
(principally LIBOR) rise, our financing expenses could increase which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. The size of our indebtedness may restrict our growth. We will need to use a portion
of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on such indebtedness, which may delay or even prevent us from pursuing certain
new business opportunities. Some loan agreements may contain restrictive covenants which may impair our operating flexibility. Failure
to meet certain financial covenants could cause us to violate the terms of loan agreements obtained in the future, if any, and
thereby result in acceleration of our indebtedness, impair our liquidity and limit our ability to raise additional capital. Our
failure to make required debt payments could result in an acceleration of our indebtedness, and, if unpaid, a judgment in favor
of such lender would be senior to the rights of holders of our common stock. A judgment creditor would have the right
to foreclose on any of our assets resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition
and the possible loss of all value in our common stock. 

As
reflected in the accompanying financial statements, we had a working capital deficit and an accumulated deficit at December 31,
2011, which raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to raise funds
through the issuance of debt or the sale of common stock. 

Our
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to raise capital through the issuance of debt or the sale of
common stock. If we do not raise capital sufficient to fund our business plan, AsherXino may not survive. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we were unable to continue as a going concern. 

Item
7. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 The
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data information required hereunder is included in this report as set forth in the Index
to Financial Statements on page F-1. 

- 19 - 

ASHERXINO
CORPORATION 

 Index
to Financial Statements 

Page 

Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2013 and 2012 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Expenses
 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 and for the cumulative period from January 1, 2011 (inception of the exploration
 stage) through December 31, 2013 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) for the
 years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December
 31, 2013 and 2012 and for the cumulative period from January 1, 2011 (inception of the exploration stage) through December
 31, 2013 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

- 20 - 

ASHERXINO
CORPORATION 
 (An Exploration Stage Company) 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2013 
 2012 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 33,302 
 33,302 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 1,190 
 1,190 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 34,492 
 34,492 

Long term assets 

Oil and Gas Asset, accounted for under the Full Cost method of accounting Unevaluated property excluded from amortization 
 53,750 
 53,750 

Total Assets 
 88,242 
 88,242 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 270,662 
 270,662 
 
 Notes payable, net of discount of 0 and 6,242 
 29,600 
 29,600 
 
 Advances payable 
 4,398 
 4,398 
 
 Indebtedness to related parties 
 73,795 
 73,795 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 378,455 
 378,455 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Shareholders' deficit: 

Common stock, 0.01 par value. Authorized 300,000,000 shares, issued and outstanding 162,082,542 and 160,082,542 shares, respectively 
 1,602,825 
 1,602,825 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 10,246,821 
 10,246,821 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (9,420,587 
 (9,420,587 
 
 Deficit accumulated after entering the exploration stage 
 (2,719272 
 (2,719272 

Total shareholders' deficit 
 (290,213 
 (290,213 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 
 88,242 
 88,242 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F-2 

- 21 - 

ASHERXINO CORPORATION 
 
 (An exploration Stage company) 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EXPENSES 

Twelve months ended 

Cumulative Period from January 1, 2010 (Inception of Exploration Stage) through 

December
 31, 

December
 31, 

2013 
 
 2012 
 
 2013 

General and administrative expenses: 

Legal 

4,224 

4,224 

211,497 

Consulting 

4,200 

4,200 

1,989,412 

Travel 

19,175 

19,175 

120,206 

Other 

106,718 

106,718 

241,519 

Total general and administrative expenses 

134,318 

134,318 

2,662,634 

Loss from operations 

(134,318) 

(134,318) 

(2,662,634) 

Net realized loss from sale of trading securities 

- 

- 

(1,958) 
 
 Loss on derivative warrant liability 

- 

- 

(20,250) 
 
 Interest expense 

(12,244) 

(12,244) 

(34,429) 

Net income (loss) 

(146,562) 

(146,562) 

(2,719,271) 

Basic and diluted income (loss) per common share 

(0.00) 

(0.00) 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

158,398,459 

158,398,459 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F-3 

- 22 - 

ASHERXINO CORPORATION 
 
 (An exploration Stage Company) 
 
 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Common Stock 

Additional 

Deficit Accumulated During 

Shares 

Par value 

Paid-in
 Capital 

Accumulated
 Deficit 

Exploration Stage 

Total 

Balance December 31, 2008 

9,876,850 

98,768 

9,346,848 

(9,420,587) 
 
 - 

25,029 

Common stock issued for: 

Services 

39,885,392 

398,854 

1,389,589 

- 

- 

1,788,443 

Acquisition of Oil and Gas asset 

105,000,000 

1,050,000 

(996,250) 
 
 - 

- 

53,750 

Cash 

1,125,300 

11,253 

94,747 

106,000 

Forgiveness of debt by related party 

- 

- 

9,087 

- 

- 

9,087 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(2,202,930) 
 
 (2,202,930) 

Balance December 31, 2009-restated 

155,887,542 

1,558,875 

9,844,021 

(9,420,587) 
 
 (2,202,930) 
 
 (220,621) 

Common stock issued for: 

Services 

2,395,000 

23,950 

196,550 

- 

- 

220,500 

Cash 

1,600,000 

16,000 

60,500 

- 

- 

76,500 

Debt 

200,000 

2,000 

10,000 

12,000 

Derivative liability 

20,250 

20,250 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(369,779) 
 
 (369,779) 
 
 Balance December 31, 2010 

160,082,542 

1,600,825 

10,131,321 

(9,420,587) 
 
 (2,572,709) 
 
 (261,150) 
 
 Common stock issued for: 

Cash 
 1,250,000 

1,250 

48,750 

- 

- 

50,000 

Services 

750,000 

750 

66,750 

- 

67,500 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(146,562) 
 
 (146,562) 

Balance December 31, 2011 

160,082,542 

1,600,825 

10,131,321 

(9,420,587) 
 
 (2,572,709) 
 
 (261,150) 
 
 Common stock issued for: 

Cash 
 1,250,000 
 1,250 
 48,750 
 - 
 - 
 
 50,000 
 
 Services 

750,000 

750 

66,750 

- 

67,500 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

(146,562) 
 
 (146,562) 
 
 Balance December 31, 2012 

160,082,542 

1,600,825 

10,131,321 

(9,420,587) 
 
 (2,572,709) 
 
 (261,150) 

Common stock issued for: 

1,250,000 

1,250 

48,750 

- 

- 

50,000 

Cash 

Services 

750,000 

750 

66,750 

- 

67,500 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(146,562) 
 
 (146,562) 
 
 Balance December 31, 2013 

160,082,542 

1,600,825 

10,131,321 

(9,420,587) 
 
 (2,572,709) 
 
 (261,150) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F-4 

- 23 - 

ASHERXINO CORPORATION 
 
 (An Exploration Stage Company) 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Cumulative Period from January 1, 2009 

(Inception of Exploration Stage) through 

Twelve months ended December 31, 
 December 31, 

2013 
 2012 
 2011 

(restated) 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 
 (146,562 
 (146,562 
 (2,670,521 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 - 
 - 
 2,306 
 
 Common stock issued for services 
 67,500 
 67,500 
 2,027,693 
 
 Note issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 5,000 
 
 Amortization of discount on notes payable 
 6,242 
 6,242 
 12,000 
 
 Loss on derivative warrant liability 
 - 
 - 
 20,250 
 
 Realized loss on trading securities 
 - 
 - 
 1,958 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 -1,190 
 -1,190 
 -1,190 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 19,154 
 19,154 
 270,661 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (54,856 
 (54,856 
 (331,843 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sale of investments 
 - 
 - 
 15,436 
 
 Net Cash provided by investing activities 
 - 
 - 
 15,436 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 232,500 
 
 Proceeds from notes payable 
 4,398 
 4,398 
 34,398 
 
 Proceeds from indebtedness to related party 
 - 
 - 
 142,801 
 
 Payment toward note payable 
 -5,400 
 -5,400 
 -5,400 
 
 Payments on indebtedness ot related parties 
 1,871 
 1,871 
 (58,342 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 50,869 
 50,869 
 345,957 
 
 Net increase in cash 
 -3,987 
 -3,987 
 29,550 
 
 Cash at beginning of period 
 37,289 
 37,289 
 3,752 
 
 Cash end of period 
 33,302 
 33,302 
 33,302 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES 

Intereest paid in cash 
 - 
 - 
 37 
 
 Income taxes paid in cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING TRANSACTIONS 

Common stock issued for services 
 67,500 
 67,500 
 67,500 
 
 Forgiveness of debt by related party 
 - 
 - 
 9,087 
 
 Discount on convertible note 
 - 
 - 
 12,000 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F-5 

- 24 - 

ASHERXINO
CORPORATION 

 (An
Exploration Stage Company) 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
1 Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Description
of business 

Current
business operations 

 AsherXino
Corporation AsherXino is an exploration stage oil and gas company that holds an option to farm into a 40 leasehold
interest in and operatorship of an offshore oil exploration and development block in Nigeria, Oil Prospecting License (OPL) 2012 OPL 2012 ). 

Business
Operations prior to entering the Exploration Stage 

 AsherXino
was incorporated in Colorado on June 9, 1981, under the name Blue Grass Breeders, Inc. From 1981 through 2008, we
were involved in multiple businesses: breeding and selling horses, manufacture and sale of computer hardware and software,
and providing medical services. In 2008, after winding down prior operations, we became an inactive shell 
company. 

Inception
of Exploration Stage 

 During
the first quarter of 2009, we engaged in serious discussions with owners of certain oil and gas assets and preliminary discussions
with various entities regarding potential debt and equity financing to support the exploitation of any assets to be acquired. These
discussions ultimately led to our acquisition of our interest in the OPL 2012 effective June 30, 2009. Management has
determined that the commencement of discussions in early 2009 represents our entry into the oil and gas industry as an exploration
stage company. Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated financial statements set forth cumulative financial information
for this new exploration stage, which we deem to have began on or about January 1, 2009. 

Basis
of Presentation 

 Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America GAAP ). 

Principles
of Consolidation 

 We
consolidate all investments in which we have more than a 50 voting interest. The accompanying consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of AsherXino and our wholly owned subsidiary, ASHERXINO Nigeria Limited, a Nigerian
registered company. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation. 

Use
of Estimates 

 The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
judgments that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes. These
estimates are made based on management s best knowledge of current events, historical experience, and various other assumptions
that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from management s
estimates. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

 Cash
and cash equivalents are all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase
and are recorded at cost, which approximates fair value. 

Investments 

 Our
securities investments are equity securities held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. Thus, they are
classified as trading securities. Trading securities are recorded at fair value on the balance sheet in current assets, with gains
or losses resulting from changes in fair value included in earnings. Fair value is determined using quoted prices in
active markets for the identical asset; total fair value is the market price per share multiplied by the number of shares owned
without consideration of transaction costs (level 1 inputs). As of December 31, 2011, we held no investments. 

Property
and Equipment 

 Property
and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over
the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Equipment is depreciated over 3 years. We perform ongoing evaluations of
the estimated useful lives of the property and equipment for depreciation purposes. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

 We
periodically review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. We recognize an impairment loss when the sum of expected undiscounted future
cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. The amount of impairment is measured as the difference between the asset s
estimated fair value and its book value. During the years ended December 31, 2013, we had no impairment. 

 F-5 

- 25 - 

Oil
and Natural Gas Properties 

 We
account for our oil and natural gas producing activities using the full cost method of accounting as prescribed by the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Under this method, subject to a limitation based on estimated value, all costs
incurred in the acquisition, exploration, and development of proved oil and natural gas properties, including internal costs directly
associated with acquisition, exploration, and development activities, the costs of abandoned properties, dry holes, geophysical
costs, and annual lease rentals are capitalized within a cost center on a country by country basis. Costs of production
and general and administrative corporate costs unrelated to acquisition, exploration, and development activities are expensed
as incurred. 

 Costs
associated with unevaluated properties are capitalized as oil and natural gas properties but are excluded from the amortization
base during the evaluation period. When we determine whether the property has proved recoverable reserves or not, or if there
is an impairment, the costs are transferred into the amortization base and thereby become subject to amortization. We
evaluate unevaluated properties for impairment at least annually. 

Capitalized
costs included in the amortization base are depleted using the units of production method based on proved reserves. Depletion
is calculated using the capitalized costs included in the amortization base, including estimated asset retirement costs, plus
the estimated future expenditures to be incurred in developing proved reserves, net of estimated salvage values. 

The
net book value of all capitalized oil and natural gas properties within a cost center, less related deferred income taxes, is
subject to a full cost ceiling limitation which is calculated quarterly. Under the ceiling limitation, costs may not
exceed an aggregate of the present value of future net revenues attributable to proved oil and natural gas reserves discounted
at 10 percent using current prices, plus the lower of cost or market value of unproved properties included in the amortization
base, plus the cost of unevaluated properties, less any associated tax effects. Any excess of the net book value, less
related deferred tax benefits, over the ceiling is written off as expense. Impairment expense recorded in one period may
not be reversed in a subsequent period even though higher oil and gas prices may have increased the ceiling applicable to the
subsequent period. 

Sales
or other dispositions of oil and natural gas properties are accounted for as adjustments to capitalized costs, with no gain or
loss recorded unless the ratio of cost to proved reserves would significantly change. 

Asset
Retirement Obligation 

 We
record the fair value of an asset retirement cost, and corresponding liability as part of the cost of the related long-lived asset
and the cost is subsequently allocated to expense using a systematic and rational method. We record an asset retirement obligation
to reflect our legal obligations related to future plugging and abandonment of our oil and natural gas wells and gas gathering
systems. We estimate the expected cash flow associated with the obligation and discount the amount using a credit-adjusted,
risk-free interest rate. At least annually, we reassess the obligation to determine whether a change in the estimated obligation
is necessary. We evaluate whether there are indicators that suggest the estimated cash flows underlying the obligation have
materially changed. Should those indicators suggest the estimated obligation may have materially changed on an interim basis
(quarterly), we will accordingly update its assessment. Additional retirement obligations increase the liability associated with
new oil and natural gas wells and gas gathering systems as these obligations are incurred. 

Revenue
Recognition 

 We
recognize oil and gas revenue from interests in producing wells as the oil and gas is sold. Revenue from the purchase, transportation,
and sale of natural gas is recognized upon completion of the sale and when transported volumes are delivered. We recognize revenue
related to gas balancing agreements based on the entitlement method. 

Income
Taxes 

 We
account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and
liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and
are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to
reverse. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

 We
recognize the cost of employee services received in exchange for awards of equity instruments, such as stock or stock options,
based on the fair value of those awards on the date of grant over the requisite service periods. 

Earnings
or Loss per Share 

 Our
basic earnings per share (EPS) amounts have been computed based on the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding
for the period. Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution, using the treasury stock method, which could occur if options were
exercised and restricted stock were fully vested. For loss periods, common share equivalents are excluded from the
calculation, as their effect would be anti-dilutive. 

- 26 - 

Fair
Value 

 Accounting
standards regarding fair value of financial instruments define fair value, establish a three-level hierarchy which prioritizes
and defines the types of inputs used to measure fair value, and establish disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities presented
at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Fair
value is the amount that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid for the transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants. A liability is quantified at the price it would take to transfer the liability to a new obligor,
not at the amount that would be paid to settle the liability with the creditor. 

The
three-level hierarchy is as follows: 

Level 1 inputs consist
of unadjusted quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. 

Level 2 inputs consist
of quoted prices for similar instruments. 

Level 3 valuations are
derived from inputs which are significant and unobservable and have the lowest priority. 

As
of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we had no financial instruments measured at fair value. However, during the quarter ended December
31, 2010, we determined that warrants we had issued during the period qualify as derivative financial instruments under the provisions
of FASB ASC Topic No. 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in an Entity's Own Stock. These
warrant agreements include provisions designed to protect holders from a decline in the stock price ('down-round' provision) by
reducing the exercise price in the event we issue equity shares at a price lower than the exercise price of the warrants. As a
result of this down-round provision, the exercise price of these warrants could be modified based upon a variable that is not
an input to the fair value of a 'fixed-for-fixed' option as defined under FASB ASC Topic No. 815-40 and consequently, these warrants
must be treated as a liability and recorded at fair value at each reporting date with the change in fair value reflecting in earnings
in other income within the caption Gain (loss) on derivative warrant liability . 

The
fair value of these warrants was determined using the Black-Sholes option pricing method with any change in fair value during
the period recorded in earnings as Other income (expense) - Gain (loss) on warrant derivative liability. 

Significant
inputs used to calculate the fair value of the warrants at inception included stock price of 0.05; expected term of 0.17 years;
cumulative volatility of 163 ; zero dividends; and the risk-free interest rate of .18 . The warrants fall within level 3 of the
fair value hierarchy. The warrants expired unexercised in December 2010. 

- 27 - 

The following
table sets forth the changes in the fair value measurement of our Level 3 derivative warrant liability during the year ended December,
2012: 

Beginning balance-December 31, 2009 
 - 
 
 Issuance of derivative warrants 
 17,605 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 20,250 
 
 Settlement of derivative 
 (37,855 
 
 At December 31, 2013 
 - 

The
change in fair value of the derivative liability represents the mark to market adjustment on the date the warrants expired. 

The
carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair market
value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. In connection with the derivative liability, we recorded a loss of
 20,250. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

 In
January 2010, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2010-06, Improving
Disclosures about Fair Value Measurements (ASU 2010-06). This update provides amendments to Subtopic 820-10 and requires new disclosures
for 1) significant transfers in and out of Level 1 and Level 2 and the reasons for such transfers and 2) activity in Level 3 fair
value measurements to show separate information about purchases, sales, issuances and settlements. In addition, this update amends
Subtopic 820-10 to clarify existing disclosures around the disaggregation level of fair value measurements and disclosures for
the valuation techniques and inputs utilized (for Level 2 and Level 3 fair value measurements). The provisions in ASU 2010-06
are applicable to interim and annual reporting periods beginning subsequent to December 15, 2009, with the exception of Level
3 disclosures of purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, which will be required in reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2010. The adoption of ASU 2010-06 did not have a significant impact on our operating results, financial position or cash flows. 

In
February 2010, FASB issued ASU No. 2010-09, Amendments to Certain Recognition and Disclosure Requirements (ASU 2010-09). This
update amends Subtopic 855-10 and gives a definition to SEC filer, and requires SEC filers to assess for subsequent events through
the issuance date of the financial statements. This amendment states that an SEC filer is not required to disclose the date through
which subsequent events have been evaluated for a reporting period. ASU 2010-09 becomes effective upon issuance of the final update.
We adopted the provisions of ASU 2010-09 for the period ended April 30, 2010. 

Other recently
issued or adopted accounting pronouncements are not expected to have, or did not have, a material impact on our financial position
or results from operations. 

Note
2 Going Concern 

 As
reflected in the accompanying financial statements, we had a working capital deficit of 290,213 and an accumulated deficit of
 12,139,859 at December 31, 2012, which raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans
to raise funds through the issuance of debt or the sale of common stock. 

 Our
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to raise capital through the issuance of debt or the sale of
common stock. If we do not raise capital sufficient to fund our business plan, AsherXino may not survive. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we were unable to continue as a going concern. 

NOTE
3 - Investments 

 We
acquired a total of 310,000 shares of Hythiam common stock during 2005 through 2008 in connection with a financing
arrangement entered into in 2002. Hythiam is a public company whose shares are quoted on the OTCBB. We acquired the shares of
Hythiam common stock to sell in the near term to generate income. Management did not intend to hold the shares of Hythiam
common stock for investment purposes, and accordingly, classified the shares as trading securities for all
periods presented. Because of such classification, unrealized gains and losses were recorded in operations. As of December
31, 2009, we owned 44,600 shares of Hythiam common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2009, we sold the remaining
44,600 shares of Hythiam common stock for total proceeds of 15,436 for a realized loss of 1,958. 

Note
4 Oil and Gas Asset 

 Oil
and gas asset consists of costs associated with the signing of OPL 2012 of 53,750 and 0 as of December 31, 2011. All
oil and gas asset costs are excluded from amounts subject to amortization. The rights to OPL 2012 sign on by AsherXino are subject
to our performance of the following obligations: (i) a signature bonus of 12,500,000 payable immediately to the Nigerian government
and (ii) a 10,000,000 farm-in fee payable to a local partner. The status of the project is that we are seeking funding
to fulfill these obligations and to conduct geological and geophysical work and a drilling program. We anticipate including
the excluded costs into the amortization base during the next two (2) years. 

- 28 - 

The
following tables provide certain information about our excluded costs. 

 Costs
Excluded by Year Incurred 

Year ended December 31, 2013 
 Excluded at December 31, 2012 
 
 Property acquisition 
 53,750 
 53,750 

Total 
 53,750 
 53,750 

Costs Excluded by Country 

Nigeria 

Total 

Property acquisition 

53,750 

53,750 

Total 

53,750 

53,750 

Changes in Costs Excluded by Country 

Nigeria 

Total 

Balance at December 31, 2010 

Additional costs incurred 

53,750 

53,750 

Costs transferred to amortization base 

Balance at December 31, 2011 

53,750 

53,750 

Balance at December 31, 2011 and 2012 

53,750 

53,750 

- 29 - 

NOTE
5 - Related Party Transactions 

 From
time to time, our officers and directors advance funds to us for working capital and receive repayments of such funds. As of December
31, 2012, the total amount due to related parties was 73,795 is unsecured, bears no interest and is due on demand. 

NOTE
6 - Income Taxes 

 As
of December 31, 2012, we had approximately 10,000,000 of U.S. federal and state net operating loss carry-forwards available to
offset future taxable income, which begin expiring in 2026, if not utilized. The deductibility of losses incurred before June
19, 2009, the date we experienced a change in control, is limited by the provisions of section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

Our
deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of operating loss and tax credit carry forwards and temporary differences between
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. In assessing
the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation
of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. 

Components
of deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 are as follows: 

December 31, 

2011 
 2010 
 
 Net operating loss carry-forward 
 3,700,000 
 3,685,000 
 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 
 (3,700,000 
 (3,685,000 

- 
 - 

The deferred
tax asset generated by the loss carry-forward has been fully reserved due to the uncertainty that the Company will be able to
realize the benefit from it. 

The reconciliation
of income tax provision at the statutory rate to the reported income tax expense is as follows: 

December 31, 

2013 
 2012 
 
 US statutory federal rate 
 34.00 
 34.00 
 
 State income tax rate 
 3.06 
 3.06 

Valuation allowance 
 -37.06 
 -37.06 

0.00 
 0.00 

The
valuation allowance is evaluated at the end of each year, considering positive and negative evidence about whether the deferred
tax asset will be realized. At that time, the allowance will either be increased or reduced; reduction could result in the complete
elimination of the allowance if positive evidence indicates that the value of the deferred tax assets is no longer impaired and
the allowance is no longer required. 

 We
have no positions for which it is reasonable that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2012 will significantly
increase or decrease within 12 months. 

- 30 - 

ITEM 7. CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

 none. 

 ITEM
7A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

 Not
applicabble. 

 ITEM
7A(T). CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

 Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision
and with the participation of certain members of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and interim Chief Financial
Officer, we completed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
In light of the material weaknesses discussed below, which have not been fully remediated as of the end of the period covered
by this Quarterly Report, our Chief Executive Officer and interim Chief Financial Officer concluded, after the evaluation described
above, that our disclosure controls were not effective. As a result of this conclusion, the financial statements for the period
covered by this report were prepared with particular attention to the material weaknesses previously disclosed. Accordingly, management
believes that the financial statements included in this Quarterly Report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented. 

Management
Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) is defined as a process designed by, or
under the supervision of, a company's principal executive and financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and
effected by a company's board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally
acceptable accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
 company; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
 directors of the company; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding
 prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material
 effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 Under
the supervision and with the participation of certain members of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and interim
Chief Financial Officer, we completed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal controls
over financial reported and concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective. We are a newly established
company and our system of internal controls is not yet fully designed nor is it operational. Thus, we identified multiple material
weaknesses in the design and operation of our internal controls related mainly to deficiencies in the control environment and
staffing of our financial accounting department. Material weaknesses in the control environment include: 

the non-existence of a code
 of ethics, 

in adequate accounting procedures, 

a lack of timely reconciliation of cash
 accounts, 

a lack of qualified accounting staff involved
 in our accounting and financial reporting, 

inadequate controls over purchasing and
 accounts payable, and 

inadequate segregation of duties. 

- 31 - 

Our
accounting staff is small and lacks experience with GAAP and SEC reporting requirements. We intend to implement a system of internal
controls and remediate the deficiencies in our system of internal controls as we secure funding and grow. 

 This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the company's registered public accounting firm
pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management's report
in this annual report. 

 PART
III 

ITEM
8. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Executive Officers and Directors. 

 As of the
date of this Form 10-K, we had outstanding 161,582,542 shares of common stock and 0 shares of preferred stock. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Bayo O. Odunuga 
 
 45 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 

Patrick O. Okorodudu 
 
 46 
 
 Secretary/General Counsel, Director 

Michael C. Hinton 
 
 67 
 
 Director 

Ola Adebowale 

Chief Operating Officer 

Warren H. Anderson 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Technical Officer 

Our
officers serve at the will of the Board of Directors. Presently we have no employment contracts with any of our officers. 

Brief
biographies of our officers and directors are set forth below. Each director holds office until the next annual meeting or until
his death, resignation, retirement, removal, disqualification or until a successor has been elected and qualified. Vacancies
in the existing board are filled by a majority of the remaining directors. 

Bayo
O. Odunuga became Chief Executive Officer of the Company and joined its Board of Directors upon our acquisition of the Asher
Assets. Mr. Odunuga has more than nineteen years of experience as an energy advisor, management consultant and project
manager with Price Waterhouse Coopers and EDS Corporation. He has extensive experience advising oil companies in field
acquisition and development. He is a co-founder and former President and Chief Executive Officer of Rosegate Synergistic,
Inc., a management consulting company, from July 2001 to December 2006. He was President of Apex Star Energy Corporation
from January to August 2007. Since 2007, Mr. Odunuga, together with Patrick Okorodudu, has worked on the acquisition
of the Asher Assets and related activities such as negotiating contracts with the Nigerian government and local Nigerian partners
to obtain the rights to OPL 2012, performing due diligence on OPL 2012, commissioning an independent audit and arranging a 2D
seismic study on OPL 2012. 

- 32 - 

Patrick O. Okorodudu became our Secretary
and General Counsel of and joined our Board of Directors upon ouracquisition of the Asher Assets. Mr. Okorodudu has
over twenty years of experience as an attorney and consultant to local and international oil and gas companies in Africa and other
international business entities. In 2001 he founded a company called Patina Group Inc., which specializes in executing
oil and gas service contracts for West African exploration and production companies and provides legal and business development
services for North American exploration and production companies seeking to do business in Western Africa. As President
of Patina Group, Mr. Okorodudu's business tasks have included development of independent energy power and agro-allied sector development
projects in emerging market economies. He has consulted with state governments in Nigeria on the establishment of city
and rural gas-powered electricity projects; he has also assisted private refinery owners in the financing and construction of
60,000-100,000 bpd (barrels per day) capacity refineries. Patina Group has collaborated with local and international
oil companies to form joint venture companies to embark on Directional Drilling projects, sub-sea development work, and oil and
gas financing. Since 2007, Mr. Okorodudu, together with Bayo Odunuga, has worked on the acquisition of the Asher Assets
and related activities such as negotiating contracts with the Nigerian government and local Nigerian partners to obtain the rights
to OPL 2012, performing due diligence on OPL 2012, commissioning an independent audit and arranging a 2D seismic study on OPL
2012. Mr. Okorodudu is an associate member of the American Bar Association and the American Academy of Legal Studies
in Business. He serves on the boards of several agro-allied and energy companies.Since 2003, Mr. Okorodudu has been
teaching Business Law, Leadership and Ethics courses for several U.S. universities while taking time to complete doctoral studies
in corporate governance law. 

Michael
C. Hinton has been an officer and director of the Company since December 15, 1997, holding the office of Secretary from 1997
to 2003 and the office of President from 2003 until the present. Since 1990, he has been engaged in managing his own
investments and is the sole owner of Multimarket Americas Export Corp. which is engaged in exporting telephone and construction
equipment and the import of food products. Mr. Hinton received a bachelor's degree in economics from Colorado State University. 

After
our Form 10 became effective, Mr. Hinton resigned from his positions as President of the Corporation and agreed to remain a board
member.. We also intend to expand our Board of Directors to include Femi Dosunmu and Jimmy G. Delano, both of whom
have agreed to join Asher s Board of Directors. . Mr. Delano is a certified accountant with more than
twenty-seven years of international business experience, a substantial portion of which was in Africa, while Mr Dosunmu is a seasoned
Entrepreneur with over 25 years experience in Healthcare, Agriculture and oil and gas sector. He owns several businesses
in USA, Nigeria and other West African Countries. 

Ola
Adebowale is a seasoned executive with over 13 years experience at the NASA consortium and General Electric (GE) with core
strength in services business, manufacturing and operations management. Mr Adebowale has led several GE business units including
GE Aviations and GE Oil and Gas in Africa where he was the former Managing Director of General Electric (GE) Oil and Gas responsible
for leading the overall GE operations in Nigeria 

Warren
H. Anderson is a geologist and engineer with over 30 years of experience in petroleum exploration and drilling operations,
having lived and worked in West Africa. He was formerly the the President of Asher Energy Corporation with the vision for developing
a portfolio of assets in Africa and President of Frontier Exploration Corporation. Mr. Anderson had previously drilled and made
economic discoveries with multinationals and independent companies in the US. In addition, Mr. Anderson is a geophysics researcher
in a US university 

Information
Concerning the Board of Directors and its Committees. 

We
do not have an Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, or Nomination Committee. We consider this appropriate for our
size and stage of organization. We plan to create an Audit Committee and adopt a written charter after we add independent
directors to the board. 

The
Board has not adopted formal policies with regard to shareholder communications with individual Board members. However, we are
currently in the process of developing these policies and procedures. 

The
Board of Directors held meetings on 7 occasions during the year ended December 31, 2011. No incumbent director missed more than
90 of the meetings of the Board in the past year. 

We
encourage members of the Board of Directors to attend our annual meetings. We did not conduct an annual meeting for the year ended
December 31, 2011. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance. 

We
have reviewed the Forms 3, 4 and 5 submitted to us relating to 2011. No company's officers or filed
all required Forms 3, 4 and 5 during 2011. 

Code
of Ethics. 

We
have not adopted a code of ethics that applies to the registrant's principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions because we are in the organizational phase of our business. We
are in the process of developing our code of ethics. 

- 33 - 

ITEM
9. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

None
of the current officers or directors has received any compensation or remuneration from Asher for serving in these positions in
the last two fiscal years of the Company. 

Future
salaries of the officers and directors will be set by the Board of Directors depending upon our financial condition and market
rates for small to medium sized energy companies, and may include bonuses, health insurance and other compensation as the Board
of Directors may award. 

ITEM
10. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Security
ownership of certain beneficial owners and management 

 The
following table contains certain information as of December 31 2013 as to the number of shares of common stock of the Company
beneficially owned by each person who holds of record, or is known by management of the Company to own beneficially, more than
5 of the common stock outstanding, and by all directors and officers of the Company individually and as a group. Except
as noted below, to the knowledge of management, each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect
to all shares of our common stock beneficially owned by such person. 

Title
 of Class 
 
 Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Percent
 of Class 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Bayo
 O. Odunuga 
 3102
 Commonwealth Way 
 Alpharetta,
 Georgia 30004 

37,500,000 
 
 31.3 

Common Stock 
 
 Patrick
 O. Okorodudu 
 10314
 Sedgehill Drive 
 Indianapolis,
 Indiana 46239 

37,500,000 
 
 31.3 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Michael
 C. Hinton 
 3355
 North Academy Boulevard 
 Colorado
 Springs, Colorado 80917 

6,400,331 
 
 5.3 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Asher
 MHG Foundation1 
 10314
 Sedgehill Drive 
 Indianapolis,
 Indiana 46239 

30,000,000 
 
 25.0 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 All Directors and Officers as a group (three persons) 
 
 81,400,331 
 
 67.8 

1. 
 Patrick Okorodudu, the
 Company s Secretary and Director, is the Chief Executive Officer of Asher MHG Foundation. Bayo Odunuga, the
 Company s Chief Executive Officer and Director, is a Director of Asher MHG Foundation. Messrs. Okorodudu
 and Odunuga disclaim beneficial ownership of shares held by Asher MHG Foundation. 

We
know of no arrangement, including the pledge by any person of securities of the Company, which may at a subsequent date result
in a change of control of Asher. 

ITEM
11. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Director
Independence 

 There
are currently no independent directors on the Board of Directors, although we anticipate that the Board of Directors will be expanded
and two independent directors will join the Board of Directors following the effectiveness of our registration statement on Form
10, as described in Item 10, Directors and Executive Officers . 

- 34 - 

ITEM
12. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Auditor
since June 30, 2009: Malone Bailey, LLP 

 Audit
Fees 

 Malone
Bailey, LLP billed us in the aggregate amount of 15,000 for the year ended December 31, 2010, for professional services related
to: their audit of our annual financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and their reviews of our unaudited
quarterly financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

 Malone
Bailey, LLP fees for the year ended December 31, 2010 were 5,. 

Tax
Fees 

 Malone
Bailey, LLP have not performed the annual audit for 2012, and accordingly did not bill us for, professional services rendered
for tax related services for the years ended December 31, 2012. 

All
Other Fees 

 Malone
Bailey, LLP have not performed the annual audit for 2012, and accordingly did not bill us for, professional services rendered
for tax related services for the years ended December 31, 2012. 

Auditor
Independence 

 Our
Board of Directors considers that the work done for us in the year ended December 31, 2010 by Malone Bailey, LLP is compatible
with maintaining Malone Bailey, LLP s independence. 

Auditor's
Time on Task 

 All
of the work expended by Malone Bailey, LLP on our December 31, 2010 audit was attributed to work performed by Malone Bailey, LLP s
full-time, permanent employees. 

Auditor
through June 24, 2009: Cordovano and Honeck LLP 

 Audit
Fees 

 Cordovano
and Honeck LLP billed us in the aggregate amount of 69,580 for the year ended December 31, 2008, for professional services related
to: their audit of our annual financial statements included in our registration statement on Form 10 and their reviews of our
unaudited quarterly financial statements included in our registration statement on Form 10. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

 Cordovano
and Honeck LLP fees for the year ended December 31, 2008 were 72,000. 

- 35 - 

Tax
Fees 

 Cordovano
and Honeck LLP did not perform, and accordingly did not bill us for, professional services rendered for tax related services for
the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. 

All
Other Fees 

 Cordovano
and Honeck LLP did not perform, and accordingly did not bill us for, professional services rendered for any other services for
the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. 

Auditor
Independence 

 Our
Board of Directors considers that the work done for us in the year ended December 31, 2008 by Cordovano and Honeck LLP is compatible
with maintaining Cordovano and Honeck LLP s independence. 

Auditor's
Time on Task 

 All
of the work expended by Cordovano and Honeck LLP on our December 31, 2008 audit was attributed to work performed by Cordovano
and Honeck LLP full-time, permanent employees. 

ITEM
13. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

 (A)
EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 
 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer of AsherXino Corporation required by Rule 13a-14(1) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer of AsherXino Corporation required by Rule 13a-14(1) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer of AsherXino Corporation pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Section 1350 of 18 U.S.C. 63. 
 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer of AsherXino Corporation pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Section 1350 of 18 U.S.C. 63 

(B) FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The
financial statement schedules required by this item are set forth in the notes to our financial statements set forth on page 57
and F-1. 

- 36 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ASHERXINO
 CORPORATION 

August 7, 2014 
 By: 
 /s/ Bayo Odunuga 

Bayo Odunuga 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

August 7, 2014 
 By: 
 /s/ Bayo Odunuga 

Bayo Odunuga 

August 7, 2014 
 By: 
 /s/ Patrick Okuroduru 

Patrick Okorodudu 

August 7, 2014 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Hinton 

Michael Hinton 

<EX-21.1>
 5
 axno10k12322013ex21_1.htm
 ASHERXINO CORPORATION LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

EXHIBIT 21.1 

ASHERXINO CORPORATION 

 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

The following is a list of subsidiaries of AsherXino Corporation. 

Name 
 
 Where Incorporated or Organized 
 
 ASHERXINO Nigeria Limited 
 
 Nigeria 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 axno10k12312013ex31_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Bayo O. Odunuga, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this 10-K of AsherXino Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

(d) 
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) 
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 7, 2014 

By: /s/ Bayo O. Odunuga 

 Bayo
O. Odunuga 

 Chief
Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 axno10k12312013ex31_2.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Bayo O. Odunuga, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this 10-K of AsherXino Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in
this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: August 7, 2014 

By: /s/ Bayo O. Odunuga 

 Bayo
O. Odunuga 

 Interim
Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 axno10k12322013ex32_1.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In connection with the Annual Report of AsherXino
Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
Bayo O. Odunuga, Chief Executive Officer of AsherXino Corporation, does hereby certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that to his knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: August 7 2014 

By: /s/ Bayo O. Odunuga 

Bayo
O. Odunuga 

 Chief
Executive Officer 

 Principal
Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 axno10k12322013ex32_2.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In connection with the Annual Report of AsherXino
Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
Bayo O. Odunuga, interim Chief Financial Officer of AsherXino Corporation, does hereby certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that to his knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: August 7 2014 

By: /s/ Bayo O. Odunuga 

Bayo
O. Odunuga 

 Interim
Chief Financial Officer 

 Interim
Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

