<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20140321_10-K_edgar_data_713671_0000713671-14-000024.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>30246438</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>330448</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>8838934</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12183391</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4331856</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3665090</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000713671-14-000024.hdr.sgml : 20140321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20140321102500
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000713671-14-000024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140321

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DNB FINANCIAL CORP /PA/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000713671
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				232222567
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34242
		FILM NUMBER:		14708846

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 BRANDYWINE AVE
		CITY:			DOWNINGTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19335
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6102691040

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 BRANDYWINE AVENUE
		CITY:			DOWNINGTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19335

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000713671-14-000024.txt : 20140321

10-K
 1
 dnbf-20131231x10k.htm
 10-K

bfd600ad209d48c

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

December 31, 201 3 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 

EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to . Commission file Number 1-34242 

(Exact Name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Pennsylvania 

23-2222567 

(State or other jurisdiction of 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

incorporation or organization) 

4 Brandywine Avenue, Downingtown, Pennsylvania (Address of principal executive offices) 

19335 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (610) 269-1040 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Common stock, par value 1.00 per share 

The N asdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the shares of common stock of the Registrant issued and outstanding on June 30, 201 3 , which excludes 4 48 ,000 shares held by all directors, officers and affiliates of the Registrant as a group, was approximately 40.8 million. This figure is based on the closing price of 17.71 per share of the Registrant s common stock on June 30, 201 3 , the last business day of the Registrant s second fiscal quarter. 

As of March 17 , 201 4 , the Registrant had outstanding 2, 758,436 shares of Common Stock, 1 par value per share. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

DNB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

Table of Contents 

Part I 

Item 1. 

Business ................................................................................................................................................... 

2 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors ................................................................................................................................... 

11 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments ............................................................................................................... 

11 

Item 2. 

Properties ......................................................................................................................................... 

11 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings ........................................................................................................................... 

11 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures ................................................................................................................... 

11 

Part II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

12 

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data ..................................................................................................................... 

14 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ..................................... 

15 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk ..................................................................... 

39 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ....................................................................................... 

40 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure ........................... 

79 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures ................................................................................................................... 

79 

Item 9B. 

Other Information ........................................................................................................................... 

79 

Part III 

Item 10. 

Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant ................................................................................. 

79 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation ................................................................................................................... 

79 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters ............. 

80 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence ............................................... 

80 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services ............................................................................................... 

80 

Part IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules ............................................................................................... 

81 

SIGNATURES ......................................................................................................................................................................... 

82 

DNB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

FORM 10 - K 

Forward Looking Statements 

DNB Financial Corp oration (the Corporation , "Registrant" or "DNB" ), may from time to time make written or oral forward looking statements, including statements contained in DNB s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (including this Annual Report on Form 10 - K and the exhibits hereto and thereto), in its reports to stockholders and in other communications by DNB, which are made in good faith by DNB pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

These forward-looking statements include statements with respect to the Corporation's beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions, that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, and are subject to change based on various factors (some of which are beyond the Corporation's control). The words "may," "could," "should," "would," "will," "believe," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "plan" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause the Corporation's financial performance to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements: the strength of the United States economy in general and the strength of the local economies in which the Corporation conducts operations; the effects of, and changes in, trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; inflation, interest rate, market and monetary fluctuations; the timely development of and acceptance of new products and services of the Corporation and the perceived overall value of these products and services by users, including the features, pricing and quality compared to competitors' products and services; the willingness of users to substitute competitors' products and services for the Corporation's products and services; the success of the Corporation in gaining regulatory approval of its products and services, when required; the impact of changes in laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions (including laws concerning taxes, banking, securities and insurance); technological changes; acquisitions; changes in consumer spending and saving habits; the nature, extent, and timing of governmental actions and reforms, including the rules of participation for the Small Business Lending Fund (SBLF), the implementation of Basel III, which may be changed unilaterally and retroactively by legislative or regulatory actions; and the success of the Corporation at managing the risks involved in the foregoing. 

The Corporation cautions that the foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive. Readers are also cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management's analysis only as of the date of this Form 10-K , even if subsequently made available by the Corporation on its website or otherwise. The Corporation does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Corporation to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Form 10-K . 

For a complete discussion of the assumptions, risks and uncertainties related to our business, you are encouraged to review our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including this Form 10 - K, as well as any changes in risk factors that we may identify in our quarterly or other reports filed with the SEC. 

1 

Part I 

Item 1. Business 

General Description of Registrant s Business and Its Development 

DNB Financial Corporation (the Registrant or DNB ), a Pennsylvania business corporation, is a bank holding company registered with and supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve Board). The Registrant was incorporated on October 28, 1982 and commenced operations on July 1, 1983 upon consummation of the acquisition of all of the outstanding stock of Downingtown National Bank, now known as DNB First, National Association (the Bank ). Since commencing operations, DNB s business has consisted primarily of managing and supervising the Bank, and its principal source of income has been derived from the Bank. At December 31, 201 3 , DNB had total consolidated assets, total liabilities and stockholders equity of 661.5 million, 602.9 million, and 58.6 million, respectively . 

The Bank was organized in 1860. The Bank is a national banking association that is a member of the Federal Reserve System, the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). The Bank is a full service commercial bank providing a wide range of services to individuals and small to medium sized businesses in the southeastern Pennsylvania market area, including accepting time, demand, and savings deposits and making secured and unsecured commercial, real estate and consumer loans. In addition, the Bank has twelve full service branches and one limited service branch and a full-service wealth management group known as DNB First Wealth Management . The Bank s financial subsidiary, DNB Financial Services, Inc., (also know as DNB Investments Insurance is a Pennsylvania licensed insurance agency, which, through a third party marketing agreement with Cetera Investment Services, LLC , sells a broad variety of insurance and investment products. The Bank s other subsidiaries are Downco, Inc. and DN Acquisition Company, Inc. which were incorporated in December 1995 and December 2008, respectively, for the purpose of acquiring and holding Other Real Estate Owned acquired through foreclosure or deed in-lieu-of foreclosure, as well as Bank-occupied real estate. In accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, the Registrant and the Bank along with its subsidiaries operate as one segment, and therefore do not report segment financial information. 

The Bank s headquarters is located at 4 Brandywine Avenue, Downingtown, Pennsylvania. As of December 31, 201 3 , the Bank had total assets of 661.1 million, total deposits of 558.9 million and total stockholders equity of 67.6 million. The Bank s business is not seasonal in nature. The FDIC, to the extent provided by law, insures its deposits. On December 31, 201 3 , the Bank had 11 5 full-time employees and 2 4 part-time employees. 

The Bank derives its income principally from interest charged on loans and, to a lesser extent, interest earned on investments, fees received in connection with the origination of loans, wealth management and other services. The Bank s principal expenses are interest expense on deposits and borrowings and operating expenses. Funds for activities are provided principally by operating revenues, deposit growth and the repayment of outstanding loans and investments. 

On April 2, 2012, the Bank entered into a Purchase and Assumption Agreement to acquire certain assets and assume certain liabilities of one full-service branch office located in Boothwyn, Pennsylvania (the "Branch Acquisition"). The Bank consummated the Branch Acquisition on June 11, 2012. The Bank purchased specified assets of the branch, including personal loans totaling 66,000, real estate, furniture and equipment totaling 686,000, and assumed approximately 15.9 million of deposits. The Branch Acquisition included the payment of 130,000 or a 0.82 premium on the deposits, which has been recorded as a core deposit intangible. 

The Bank encounters vigorous competition from a number of sources, including other commercial banks, thrift institutions, other financial institutions and financial intermediaries. In addition to commercial banks, Federal and state savings and loan associations, savings banks, credit unions and industrial savings banks actively compete in the Bank s market area to provide a wide variety of banking services. Mortgage banking firms, real estate investment trusts, finance companies, insurance companies, leasing companies and brokerage companies, financial affiliates of industrial companies and certain government agencies provide additional competition for loans and for certain financial services. The Bank also competes for interest bearing funds with a number of other financial intermediaries, which offer a diverse range of investment alternatives, including brokerage firms and mutual fund companies. 

2 

Supervision and Regulation Registrant 

Federal Banking Laws 

The Registrant is subject to a number of complex Federal banking laws, most notably the provisions of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended Bank Holding Company Act and the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978 Change in Control Act ), and to supervision by the Federal Reserve Board. 

Bank Holding Company Act Financial Holding Companies 

The Bank Holding Company Act requires a company (including the Registrant) to secure the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board before it owns or controls, directly or indirectly, more than five percent (5 of the voting shares or substantially all of the assets of any bank. It also prohibits acquisition by any company (including the Registrant) of more than five percent (5 of the voting shares of, or interest in, or all or substantially all of the assets of, any bank located outside of the state in which a current bank subsidiary is located unless such acquisition is specifically authorized by laws of the state in which such bank is located. A bank holding company (including the Registrant) is prohibited from engaging in or acquiring direct or indirect control of more than five percent (5 of the voting shares of any company engaged in non-banking activities unless the Federal Reserve Board, by order or regulation, has found such activities to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. In making this determination, the Federal Reserve Board considers whether the performance of these activities by a bank holding company would offer benefits to the public that outweigh possible adverse effects. Applications under the Bank Holding Company Act and the Change in Control Act are subject to review, based upon the record of compliance of the applicant with the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 CRA ). See further discussion below. 

The Registrant is required to file an annual report with the Federal Reserve Board and any additional information that the Federal Reserve Board may require pursuant to the Bank Holding Company Act. The Federal Reserve Board may also make examinations of the Registrant and any or all of its subsidiaries. Further, under Section 106 of the 1970 amendments to the Bank Holding Company Act and the Federal Reserve Board s regulations, a bank holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tie-in arrangements in connection with any extension of credit or provision of credit or provision of any property or services. The so-called anti-tie-in provisions state generally that a bank may not extend credit, lease, sell property or furnish any service to a customer on the condition that the customer provide additional credit or service to the bank, to its bank holding company or to any other subsidiary of its bank holding company or on the condition that the customer not obtain other credit or service from a competitor of the bank, its bank holding company or any subsidiary of its bank holding company. 

Permitted Non-Banking Activities. The Federal Reserve Board permits bank holding companies to engage in non-banking activities so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. A number of activities are authorized by Federal Reserve Board regulation, while other activities require prior Federal Reserve Board approval. The types of permissible activities are subject to change by the Federal Reserve Board. Revisions to the Bank Holding Company Act contained in the Federal Gramm Leach Bliley Act of 1999 permit certain eligible bank holding companies to qualify as financial holding companies and thereupon engage in a wider variety of financial services such as securities and insurance activities, and subject such companies to increased competition from a wider variety of non-banking competitors as well as banks. 

Gramm Leach Bliley Act of 1999 GLB ). This law repealed certain restrictions on bank and securities firm affiliations, and allows bank holding companies to elect to be treated as a financial holding company that can engage in approved financial activities, including insurance, securities underwriting and merchant banking. Banks without holding companies can engage in many of these financial activities through a financial subsidiary. The law also mandates functional regulation of bank securities activities. Banks exemption from broker-dealer regulation is limited to, for example, trust, safekeeping, custodian, shareholder and employee benefit plans, sweep accounts, private placements (under certain conditions), self-directed IRAs, third party networking arrangements to offer brokerage services to bank customers, and the like. It also requires banks that advise mutual funds to register as investment advisers. The legislation provides for state regulation of insurance, subject to certain specified state preemption standards. It establishes which insurance products banks and bank subsidiaries may provide as principal or underwriter, and prohibits bank underwriting of title insurance, but also preempts state laws interfering with affiliations. GLB prohibits approval of new de novo thrift charter applications by commercial entities and limits sales of existing so-called unitary thrifts to commercial entities. The law bars banks, savings and loans, credit unions, securities firms and insurance companies, as well as other financial institutions, from disclosing customer account numbers or access codes to unaffiliated third parties for telemarketing or other direct marketing purposes, and enables customers of 

3 

financial institutions to opt out of having their personal financial information shared with unaffiliated third parties, subject to exceptions related to the processing of customer transactions and joint financial services marketing arrangements with third parties, as long as the institution discloses the activity to its customers and requires the third party to keep the information confidential. It requires policies on privacy and disclosure of information to be disclosed annually, requires federal regulators to adopt comprehensive regulations for ensuring the security and confidentiality of consumers personal information, and allows state laws to give consumers greater privacy protections. The GLB has increased the competition the Bank faces from a wider variety of non-banking competitors as well as banks. 

Change in Bank Control Act 

Under the Change in Control Act, no person, acting directly or indirectly or through or in concert with one or more other persons, may acquire control of any Federally insured depository institution unless the appropriate Federal banking agency has been given 60 days prior written notice of the proposed acquisition and within that period has not issued a notice disapproving of the proposed acquisition or has issued written notice of its intent not to disapprove the action. The period for the agency s disapproval may be extended by the agency. Upon receiving such notice, the Federal agency is required to provide a copy to the appropriate state regulatory agency, if the institution of which control is to be acquired is state chartered, and the Federal agency is obligated to give due consideration to the views and recommendations of the state agency. Upon receiving a notice, the Federal agency is also required to conduct an investigation of each person involved in the proposed acquisition. Notice of such proposal is to be published and public comment solicited thereon. A proposal may be disapproved by the Federal agency if the proposal would have anticompetitive effects, if the proposal would jeopardize the financial stability of the institution to be acquired or prejudice the interests of its depositors, if the competence, experience or integrity of any acquiring person or proposed management personnel indicates that it would not be in the interest of depositors or the public to permit such person to control the institution, if any acquiring person fails to furnish the Federal agency with all information required by the agency, or if the Federal agency determines that the proposed transaction would result in an adverse effect on a deposit insurance fund. In addition, the Change in Control Act requires that, whenever any Federally insured depository institution makes a loan or loans secured, or to be secured, by 25 or more of the outstanding voting stock of a Federally insured depository institution, the president or chief executive officer of the lending bank must promptly report such fact to the appropriate Federal banking agency regulating the institution whose stock secures the loan or loans. 

Participation in U.S. Treasury Capital Purchase Program. On January 30, 2009, as part of the Capital Purchase Program administered by the United States Department of the Treasury, the Registrant entered into a Letter Agreement and a Securities Purchase Agreement with the U.S. Treasury, pursuant to which the Registrant issued and sold on January 30, 2009, and the U.S. Treasury purchased for cash on that date (i) 11,750 shares of the Registrant s Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series 2008A, par value 10.00 per share, having a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share (the CPP Shares ), and (ii) a ten-year warrant to purchase up to 186,311 shares of the Registrant s common stock, 1.00 par value, at an exercise price of 9.46 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 11,750,000 in cash. The issuance and sale of these securities was a private placement exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. During its participation in this program, the Registrant was subject to a number of requirements and restrictions related to, among other things, executive compensation and governance standards. On September 21, 2011, DNB entered into a letter agreement (the Warrant Letter Agreement with the Treasury. Pursuant to the Warrant Letter Agreement, DNB Financial Corporation repurchased from the Treasury the warrant to purchase 186,311 shares of DNB Financial Corporation s common stock issued to the Treasury in January 2009 under CPP. DNB Financial Corporation paid a purchase price of 458,000 for the warrant. 

Participation in U.S. Treasury Small Business Lending Fund Program . On August 4, 2011, DNB entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with the Secretary of the Treasury, pursuant to which DNB issued and sold to the Treasury 13,000 shares of its Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series 2011A Series 2011A Preferred Stock ), having a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share for aggregate proceeds of 13.0 million. The Securities Purchase Agreement was entered into, and the Series 2011A Preferred Stock was issued, pursuant to the Treasury s Small Business Lending Fund program SBLF ), a 30 billion fund established under the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010, that encourages lending to small businesses by providing capital to qualified community banks with assets of less than 10 billion. The securities sold in this transaction were exempt from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as a transaction by DNB not involving a public offering. Of the 13.0 million in aggregate proceeds, 11,879,000 was used on August 4, 2011 to repurchase all CPP Shares 11,750,000 was paid in principal and 128,900 in dividends related to the CPP Shares) held by the Treasury as described above. 

Participation in the Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program. Due to the recent difficult economic conditions, deposit insurance per account owner has been raised to 250,000 for all types of accounts. That coverage was made permanent by the Dodd-Frank Act. In addition, the FDIC adopted an optional Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program by which, for a fee, 

4 

noninterest bearing transaction accounts would receive unlimited insurance coverage until June 30, 2010, subsequently extended to December 31, 2010, and certain senior unsecured debt issued by institutions and their holding companies between October 13, 2008 and October 31, 2009 would be guaranteed by the FDIC through June 30, 2012, or in some cases, December 31, 2012. The Dodd-Frank Act provided for continued unlimited coverage for certain non-interest bearing accounts until December 31, 2012 (see discussion of Dodd-Frank Act below). 

Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The federal government is considering a variety of reforms related to banking and the financial industry including, without limitation, the newly adopted Dodd-Frank Act. The Dodd-Frank Act is intended to promote financial stability in the U.S., reduce the risk of bailouts and protect against abusive financial services practices by improving accountability and transparency in the financial system and ending too big to fail institutions. It is the broadest overhaul of the U.S. financial system since the Great Depression, and much of its impact will be determined by the scope and substance of many regulations that will need to be adopted by various regulatory agencies to implement its provisions. For these reasons, the overall impact on DNB and its subsidiaries is unknown at this time. 

The Dodd-Frank Act delegates to various federal agencies the task of implementing its many provisions through regulation. Hundreds of new federal regulations, studies and reports addressing all of the major areas of the new law, including the regulation of banks and their holding companies, will be required, ensuring that federal rules and policies in this area will be further developing for months and years to come. Based on the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and anticipated implementing regulations, it is highly likely that banks and thrifts as well as their holding companies will be subject to significantly increased regulation and compliance obligations. 

The Dodd-Frank Act could require us to make material expenditures, in particular personnel training costs and additional compliance expenses, or otherwise adversely affect our business or financial results. It could also require us to change certain of our business practices, adversely affect our ability to pursue business opportunities we might otherwise consider engaging in, cause business disruptions and/or have other impacts that are as-of-yet unknown to DNB and the Bank. Failure to comply with these laws or regulations, even if inadvertent, could result in negative publicity, fines or additional licensing expenses, any of which could have an adverse effect on our cash flow and results of operations. For example, a provision of the Dodd-Frank Act is intended to preclude bank holding companies from treating future trust preferred securities issuances as Tier 1 capital for regulatory capital adequacy purposes. This provision may narrow the number of possible capital raising opportunities DNB and other bank holding companies might have in the future. As another example, the new law establishes the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which has been given substantive rule-making authority under most of the consumer protection regulations affecting the Bank and its customers. The Bureau and new rules it will issue may materially affect the methods and costs of compliance by the Bank in connection with future consumer related transactions. 

Pennsylvania Banking Laws 

Under the Pennsylvania Banking Code of 1965, as amended PA Code ), the Registrant is permitted to control an unlimited number of banks, subject to prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board as more fully described above. The PA Code authorizes reciprocal interstate banking without any geographic limitation. Reciprocity between states exists when a foreign state s law authorizes Pennsylvania bank holding companies to acquire banks or bank holding companies located in that state on terms and conditions substantially no more restrictive than those applicable to such an acquisition by a bank holding company located in that state. Interstate ownership of banks in Pennsylvania with banks in Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, New York and other states is currently authorized. Some state laws still restrict de novo formations of branches in other states, but restrictions on interstate de novo banking have been relaxed by the Dodd-Frank Act. Pennsylvania law also provides Pennsylvania state chartered institutions elective parity with the power of national banks, federal thrifts, and state chartered institutions in other states as authorized by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Competing Institutions ). In some cases, this may give state chartered institutions broader powers than national banks such as the Bank, and may increase competition the Bank faces from other banking institutions. 

Supervision and Regulation Bank 

The operations of the Bank are subject to Federal and State statutes applicable to banks chartered under the banking laws of the United States, to members of the Federal Reserve System and to banks whose deposits are insured by the FDIC. Bank operations are also subject to regulations of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC ), the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC. 

The primary supervisory authority of the Bank is the OCC, who regularly examines the Bank. The OCC has the authority to prevent a national bank from engaging in an unsafe or unsound practice in conducting its business. 

5 

Federal and state banking laws and regulations govern, among other things, the scope of a bank s business, the investments a bank may make, the reserves against deposits a bank must maintain, loans a bank makes and collateral it takes, the activities of a bank with respect to mergers and consolidations and the establishment of branches. All nationally and state chartered banks in Pennsylvania are permitted to maintain branch offices in any county of the state. National bank branches may be established only after approval by the OCC. It is the general policy of the OCC to approve applications to establish and operate domestic branches, including ATMs and other automated devices that take deposits, provided that approval would not violate applicable Federal or state laws regarding the establishment of such branches. The OCC reserves the right to deny an application or grant approval subject to conditions if (1) there are significant supervisory concerns with respect to the applicant or affiliated organizations, (2) in accordance with CRA, the applicant s record of helping meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods, consistent with safe and sound operation, is less than satisfactory, or (3) any financial or other business arrangement, direct or indirect, involving the proposed branch or device and bank insiders (directors, officers, employees and 10 or greater shareholders) involves terms and conditions more favorable to the insiders than would be available in a comparable transaction with unrelated parties. 

The Bank, as a subsidiary of a bank holding company, is subject to certain restrictions imposed by the Federal Reserve Act on any extensions of credit to the bank holding company or its subsidiaries, on investments in the stock or other securities of the bank holding company or its subsidiaries and on taking such stock or securities as collateral for loans. The Federal Reserve Act and Federal Reserve Board regulations also place certain limitations and reporting requirements on extensions of credit by a bank to principal shareholders of its parent holding company, among others, and to related interests of such principal shareholders. In addition, such legislation and regulations may affect the terms upon which any person becoming a principal shareholder of a holding company may obtain credit from banks with which the subsidiary bank maintains a correspondent relationship. 

Capital Adequacy 

Federal banking laws impose on banks certain minimum requirements for capital adequacy. Federal banking agencies have issued certain risk-based capital guidelines, and certain leverage requirements on member banks such as the Bank. Banking regulators have authority to require higher minimum capital ratios for an individual bank or bank holding company in view of its circumstances. 

Minimum Capital Ratios. The risk-based guidelines require all banks to maintain two risk-weighted assets ratios. The first is a minimum ratio of total capital Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital) to risk-weighted assets equal to 8.00 ; the second is a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets equal to 4.00 . Assets are assigned to five risk categories, with higher levels of capital being required for the categories perceived as representing greater risk. In making the calculation, certain intangible assets must be deducted from the capital base. The risk-based capital rules are designed to make regulatory capital requirements more sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banks and bank holding companies and to minimize disincentives for holding liquid assets. 

The risk-based capital rules also account for interest rate risk. Institutions with interest rate risk exposure above a normal level would be required to hold extra capital in proportion to that risk. A bank s exposure to declines in the economic value of its capital due to changes in interest rates is a factor that the banking agencies will consider in evaluating a bank s capital adequacy. The rule does not codify an explicit minimum capital charge for interest rate risk. The Bank currently monitors and manages its assets and liabilities for interest rate risk, and management believes that the interest rate risk rules which have been implemented and proposed will not materially adversely affect our operations. 

The leverage ratio rules require banks which are rated the highest in the composite areas of capital, asset quality, management, earnings, liquidity and sensitivity to market risk to maintain a ratio of Tier 1 capital to adjusted total assets (equal to the bank s average total assets as stated in its most recent quarterly Call Report filed with its primary federal banking regulator, minus end-of-quarter intangible assets that are deducted from Tier 1 capital) of not less than 3.00 . For banks which are not the most highly rated, the minimum leverage ratio will range from 4.00 to 5.00 , or higher at the discretion of the bank s primary federal regulator, and is required to be at a level commensurate with the nature of the level of risk of the bank s condition and activities. 

For purposes of the capital requirements, Tier 1 or core capital is defined to include common stockholders equity and certain non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus. Tier 2 or qualifying supplementary capital is defined to include a bank s allowance for loan and lease losses up to 1.25 of risk-weighted assets, plus certain types of preferred stock and related surplus, certain hybrid capital instruments and certain term subordinated debt instruments. 

New Capital Rules . On July 2, 2013, the Federal Reserve approved final rules that substantially amend the regulatory risk-based capital rules applicable to the Corporation and the Bank. The FDIC and the OCC have subsequently approved these 

6 

rules. The final rules were adopted following the issuance of proposed rules by the Federal Reserve in June 2012, and implement the Basel III regulatory capital reforms and changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. Basel III refers to two consultative documents released by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2009, the rules text released in December 2010, and loss absorbency rules issued in January 2011, which include significant changes to bank capital, leverage and liquidity requirements. 

The rules include new risk-based capital and leverage ratios, which will be phased in from 2015 to 2019, and will refine the definition of what constitutes capital for purposes of calculating those ratios. The new minimum capital level requirements applicable to the Corporation and the Bank under the final rules would be: (i) a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 ; (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 (increased from 4 ); (iii) a total capital ratio of 8 (unchanged from current rules); and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4 for all institutions. The final rules also establish a capital conservation buffer above the new regulatory minimum capital requirements, which must consist entirely of common equity Tier 1 capital. The capital conservation buffer will be phased-in over four years beginning on January 1, 2016, as follows: the maximum buffer will be 0.625 of risk-weighted assets for 2016, 1.25 for 2017, 1.875 for 2018, and 2.5 for 2019 and thereafter. This will result in the following minimum ratios beginning in 2019: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0 , (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 , and (iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5 . Under the final rules, institutions are subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below the buffer amount. These limitations establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that could be utilized for such actions. 

The final rules implement revisions and clarifications consistent with Basel III regarding the various components of Tier 1 capital, including common equity, unrealized gains and losses, as well as certain instruments that will no longer qualify as Tier 1 capital, some of which will be phased out over time. However, the final rules provide that small depository institution holding companies with less than 15 billion in total assets as of December 31, 2009 (which includes the Corporation) will be able to permanently include non-qualifying instruments that were issued and included in Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital prior to May 19, 2010 in additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital until they redeem such instruments or until the instruments mature. 

The final rules also contain revisions to the prompt corrective action framework, which is designed to place restrictions on insured depository institutions, including the Bank, if their capital levels begin to show signs of weakness. These revisions take effect January 1, 2015. Under the prompt corrective action requirements, which are designed to complement the capital conservation buffer, insured depository institutions will be required to meet the following increased capital level requirements in order to qualify as well capitalized: (i) a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5 ; (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8 (increased from 6 ); (iii) a total capital ratio of 10 (unchanged from current rules); and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5 (increased from 4 ). 

The final rules set forth certain changes for the calculation of risk-weighted assets, which we will be required to utilize beginning January 1, 2015. The standardized approach final rule utilizes an increased number of credit risk exposure categories and risk weights, and also addresses: (i) an alternative standard of creditworthiness consistent with Section 939A of the Dodd-Frank Act; (ii) revisions to recognition of credit risk mitigation; (iii) rules for risk weighting of equity exposures and past due loans; (iv) revised capital treatment for derivatives and repo-style transactions; and (v) disclosure requirements for top-tier banking organizations with 50 billion or more in total assets that are not subject to the advance approach rules that apply to banks with greater than 250 billion in consolidated assets. Based on our current capital composition and levels, we believe that we would be in compliance with the requirements as set forth in the final rules if they were presently in effect. 

Prompt Corrective Action. Federal banking law mandates certain prompt corrective actions, which Federal banking agencies are required to take, and certain actions which they have discretion to take, based upon the capital category into which a Federally regulated depository institution falls. Regulations have been adopted by the Federal bank regulatory agencies setting forth detailed procedures and criteria for implementing prompt corrective action in the case of any institution that is not adequately capitalized. Under the rules, an institution will be deemed to be adequately capitalized or better if it exceeds the minimum Federal regulatory capital requirements. However, it will be deemed undercapitalized if it fails to meet the minimum capital requirements, significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio that is less than 3.0 , or a leverage ratio that is less than 3.0 , and critically undercapitalized if the institution has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . The rules require an undercapitalized institution to file a written capital restoration plan, along with a performance guaranty by its holding company or a third party. In addition, an undercapitalized institution becomes subject to certain automatic restrictions including a prohibition on the payment of dividends, a limitation on asset growth and expansion, and in certain cases, a limitation on the payment of bonuses or raises to senior executive officers, and a prohibition on the payment of certain management fees to any controlling person . Institutions that are classified as undercapitalized are also subject to certain additional supervisory actions, including increased reporting burdens and regulatory monitoring, a limitation on the institution s ability to make acquisitions, 

7 

open new branch offices, or engage in new lines of business, obligations to raise additional capital, restrictions on transactions with affiliates, and restrictions on interest rates paid by the institution on deposits. In certain cases, bank regulatory agencies may require replacement of senior executive officers or directors, or sale of the institution to a willing purchaser. If an institution is deemed to be critically undercapitalized and continues in that category for four quarters, the statute requires, with certain narrowly limited exceptions, that the institution be placed in receivership. 

DNB s management believes that the Bank is well capitalized for regulatory capital purposes. Please see the table detailing the Bank s compliance with minimum capital ratios, in Note 16 Regulatory Matters to DNB s audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. 

Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, the OCC possesses the power to prohibit institutions regulated by it, such as the Bank, from engaging in any activity that would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice and in violation of the law. Moreover, Federal law enactments have expanded the circumstances under which officers or directors of a bank may be removed by the institution s Federal supervisory agency; unvested and further regulated lending by a bank to its executive officers, directors, principal shareholders or related interests thereof; and unvested management personnel of a bank from serving as directors or in other management positions with certain depository institutions whose assets exceed a specified amount or which have an office within a specified geographic area; and unvested management personnel from borrowing from another institution that has a correspondent relationship with their bank. 

Interstate Banking. Federal law permits interstate bank mergers and acquisitions. Limited branch purchases are still subject to state laws. Pennsylvania law permits out-of-state banking institutions to establish branches in Pennsylvania with the approval of the Pennsylvania Banking Department, provided the law of the state where the banking institution is located would permit a Pennsylvania banking institution to establish and maintain a branch in that state on substantially similar terms and conditions. It also permits Pennsylvania banking institutions to maintain branches in other states. The Dodd-Frank Act created a more permissive interstate branching regime by permitting banks to establish branches de novo in any state if a bank chartered by such state would have been permitted to establish the branch. Bank management anticipates that interstate banking will continue to increase competitive pressures in the Bank s market by permitting entry of additional competitors, but management is of the opinion that this will not have a material impact upon the anticipated results of operations of the Bank. 

Bank Secrecy Act and OFAC. Under the Bank Secrecy Act BSA ), the Bank is required to report to the Internal Revenue Service, currency transactions of more than 10,000 or multiple transactions of which the Bank is aware in any one day that aggregate in excess of 10,000. Civil and criminal penalties are provided under the BSA for failure to file a required report, for failure to supply information required by the BSA or for filing a false or fraudulent report. The Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Asset Control OFAC administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries, terrorism sponsoring jurisdictions and organizations, and international narcotics traffickers based on U.S. foreign policy and national security goals. OFAC acts under presidential wartime and national emergency powers and authority granted by specific legislation to impose controls on transactions and freeze foreign assets under U.S. jurisdiction. Acting under authority delegated from the Secretary of the Treasury, OFAC promulgates, develops, and administers the sanctions under its statutes and executive orders. OFAC requirements are separate and distinct from the BSA, but both OFAC requirements and the BSA share a common national security goal. Because institutions and regulators view compliance with OFAC sanctions as related to BSA compliance obligations, supervisory examination for OFAC compliance is typically connected to examination of an institution s BSA compliance. Examiners focus on a banking organization s compliance processes and evaluate the sufficiency of a banking organization s implementation of policies, procedures and systems to ensure compliance with OFAC regulations. 

USA PATRIOT Act. The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (together with its implementing regulations, the Patriot Act ), designed to deny terrorists and others the ability to obtain access to the United States financial system, has significant implications for banks and other financial institutions. It required DNB and its subsidiary to implement new policies and procedures or amend existing policies and procedures with respect to, anti-money laundering, compliance, suspicious activity and currency transaction reporting and due diligence on customers, as well as related matters. The Patriot Act permits and in some cases requires information sharing for counter terrorist purposes between federal law enforcement agencies and financial institutions, as well as among financial institutions, and it requires federal banking agencies to evaluate the effectiveness of an institution in combating money laundering activities, both in ongoing examinations and in connection with applications for regulatory approval. 

Deposit Insurance Assessments. The deposits of the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to the limits set forth under applicable law and are subject to deposit insurance premium assessments. The FDIC imposes a risk based deposit premium assessment system, under which the amount of FDIC assessments paid by an individual insured depository institution, such as the Bank, is based on the level of risk incurred in its activities. The FDIC places a depository institution in one of four risk categories determined by reference to its capital levels and supervisory ratings. In addition, in the case of those institutions in 

8 

the lowest risk category, the FDIC further determines its assessment rates based on certain specified financial ratios. Pursuant to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, the FDIC has authority and the responsibility to establish deposit insurance assessments at rates sufficient to maintain the designated reserve ratio of the Deposit Insurance Fund at a level between 1.15 and 1.5 of estimated insured deposits, and to take action to restore the designated reserve ratio to at least 1.15 of estimated insured deposits when it falls below that level. As of June 30, 2008, the designated reserve ratio fell below 1.15 , to 1.01 . On October 7, 2008, the FDIC established a restoration plan which it has updated periodically since then to respond to deteriorating economic conditions. Conditions in the banking industry continued to deteriorate through 2008 and 2009. According to the FDIC s Quarterly Banking Profile for the Fourth Quarter 2009, as of December 30, 2009 the designated reserve ratio had fallen to (0.39 ), down from (0.16 on September 30, 2009, and 0.36 as of December 31, 2008. The FDIC reports that the December 31, 2009 reserve ratio is the lowest on record for a combined bank and thrift insurance fund. In response to the declining reserve ratio, the FDIC took a series of extraordinary deposit insurance assessment actions during 2009. 

Effective as of April 1, 2011, the FDIC adopted changes to its base and risk-based deposit insurance rates. Pursuant to the new rules, a bank s annual assessment base rates were as follows, depending on the bank s risk category: 

Initial and Total Base Assessment Rates 

Risk Category 

Large and 

Risk 

Risk 

Risk 

Risk 

Highly 

Category 

Category 

Category 

Category 

Complex 

I 

II 

III 

IV 

Institutions 

Initial base assessment rate 

5-9 

14 

23 

35 

5-35 

Unsecured debt adjustment 

(4.5)-0 

(5)-0 

(5)-0 

(5)-0 

(5)-0 

Brokered deposit adjustment 

- 

0-10 

0-10 

0-10 

0-10 

TOTAL BASE ASSESSMENT RATE 

2.5-9 

9-24 

18-33 

30-45 

2.5-45 

Total base assessment rates do not include the depository institution debt adjustment. 

The unsecured debt adjustment cannot exceed the lesser of 5 basis points or 50 percent of an insured depository institution s initial base assessment rate; thus for example, an insured depository institution with an initial base assessment rate of 5 basis points will have a maximum unsecured debt adjustment of 2.5 basis points and cannot have a total base assessment rate lower than 2.5 basis points. 

On November 12, 2009, the FDIC adopted a final rule to require insured institutions to prepay their estimated quarterly risk-based assessments for the fourth quarter of 2009, and for all of 2010, 2011, and 2012. The prepaid assessment was collected on December 30, 2009, along with the institution s regular quarterly risk-based deposit insurance assessment for the third quarter of 2009. For purposes of calculating the prepaid assessment, each institution s assessment rate was its total base assessment rate in effect on September 30, 2009. In calculating the prepayment attributable to 2011 and thereafter, it is calculated using the September 29, 2009 increase in 2011 base assessment rates. In addition, future deposit growth was reflected in the prepayment by assuming that an institution s third quarter 2009 assessment base would be increased quarterly at a 5 percent annual growth rate through the end of 2012. The FDIC began to draw down institutions prepaid assessments on March 30, 2010, representing payment for the regular quarterly risk-based assessment for the fourth quarter of 2009. In announcing these initiatives, the FDIC stated that, while the prepaid assessment would not immediately affect bank earnings, each institution would record the entire amount of its prepaid assessment as a prepaid expense asset as of December 30, 2009, the date the payment was made and, as of December 31, 2009 and each quarter thereafter, record an expense or charge to earnings for its regular quarterly assessment and an offsetting credit to the prepaid assessment until the asset is exhausted. Once the asset is exhausted, institutions would resume paying and accounting for quarterly deposit insurance assessments as they currently do. The total amount of the Bank s deposit insurance assessment prepayment was 3.1 million. In March of 2013, the FDIC indicated that it would return any unused prepaid FDIC insurance premium. On June 28, 2013, DNB received a payment from the FDIC in the amount of 1.3 million. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or Dodd-Frank Act, that was enacted by Congress on July 15, 2010, and was signed into law by President Obama on July 21, 2010, enacted a number of changes to the federal deposit insurance regime that will affect the deposit insurance assessments the Bank will be obligated to pay in the future. For example: 

The law permanently raises the federal deposit insurance limit to 250,000 per account ownership. This change may have the effect of increasing losses to the FDIC insurance fund on future failures of other insured depository institutions. 

9 

The new law makes deposit insurance coverage unlimited in amount for non-interest bearing transaction accounts until December 31, 2012. This change may also have the effect of increasing losses to the FDIC insurance fund on future failures of other insured depository institutions. Effective January 1, 2013, non-interest bearing transaction accounts will fall under the existing FDIC insurance limit of 250,000 per account ownership. 

The law increases the insurance fund s minimum designated reserve ratio from 1.15 to 1.35, and removes the current 1.50 cap on the reserve ratio. The law gives the FDIC discretion to suspend or limit the declaration or payment of dividends even when the reserve ratio exceeds the minimum designated reserve ratio. 

The Dodd-Frank Act expands the base for FDIC insurance assessments, requiring that assessments be based on the average consolidated total assets less tangible equity capital of a financial institution. On February 7, 2011, the FDIC approved a final rule to implement the foregoing provision of the Dodd-Frank Act and to make other changes to the deposit insurance assessment system applicable to insured depository institutions with over 10 billion in assets. Among other things, the final rule eliminates risk categories and the use of long-term debt issuer ratings in calculating risk-based assessments, and instead implements a scorecard method, combining CAMELS ratings and certain forward looking financial measures to assess the risk an institution poses to the Deposit Insurance Fund. The final rule also revises the assessment rate schedule for large institutions and highly complex institutions to provide assessments ranging from 2.5 to 45 basis points. 

Each of these changes may increase the rate of FDIC insurance assessments to maintain or replenish the FDIC s deposit insurance fund. This could, in turn, raise the Bank s future deposit insurance assessment costs. On the other hand, the law changes the deposit insurance assessment base so that it will generally be equal to consolidated assets less tangible equity. This change of the assessment base from an emphasis on deposits to an emphasis on assets is generally considered likely to cause larger banking organizations to pay a disproportionately higher portion of future deposit insurance assessments, which may, correspondingly, lower the level of deposit insurance assessments that smaller community banks such as the Bank may otherwise have to pay in the future. On December 14, 2010, the FDIC issued a final rule setting the insurance fund s designated reserve ratio at 2, which is in excess of the 1.35 minimum designated reserve ratio established by the Dodd-Frank Act. While it is likely that the new law will increase the Bank s future deposit insurance assessment costs, the specific amount by which the new law s combined changes will affect the Bank s deposit insurance assessment costs is hard to predict, particularly because the new law gives the FDIC enhanced discretion to set assessment rate levels. 

In addition to deposit insurance assessments, banks are subject to assessments to pay the interest on Financing Corporation bonds. The Financing Corporation was created by Congress to issue bonds to finance the resolution of failed thrift institutions. The FDIC sets the Financing Corporation assessment rate every quarter. The current annual Financing Corporation assessment rate is 64 basis points on the deposit insurance assessment base, as defined above, which we anticipate will result in an aggregate estimated FICO assessment payment by the Bank of 36,000 in 201 4 . 

Other Laws and Regulations. The Bank is subject to a variety of consumer protection laws, including the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act adopted as part of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA ), the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and the regulations adopted hereunder. In the aggregate, compliance with these consumer protection laws and regulations involves substantial expense and administrative time on the part of the Bank and DNB. 

Legislation and Regulatory Changes. From time to time, legislation is enacted which has the effect of increasing the cost of doing business, limiting or expanding permissible activities and/or affecting the competitive balance between banks and other financial institutions. Proposals to change the laws and regulations governing the operations and taxation of banks, bank holding companies and other financial institutions are frequently made in Congress, and before various bank regulatory agencies. No prediction can be made as to the likelihood of any major changes or the impact such changes might have on DNB and its subsidiary Bank. 

Effect of Government Monetary Policies. The earnings of DNB are and will be affected by domestic economic conditions and the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States Government and its agencies (particularly the Federal Reserve Board). The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Board have had and will likely continue to have, an important impact on the operating results of commercial banks through its power to implement national monetary policy in order, among other things, to curb inflation or combat a recession. The Federal Reserve Board has a major effect upon the levels of bank loans, investments and deposits through its open market operations in United States Government securities and through its regulation of, among other things, the discount rate on borrowing of member banks and the reserve requirements against member bank deposits. It is not possible to predict the nature and impact of future changes in monetary and fiscal policies. 

10 

All of DNB s revenues are attributable to customers located in the United States, and primarily from customers located in Southeastern Pennsylvania. All of Registrant s assets are located in the United States and in Southeastern Pennsylvania. Registrant has no activities in foreign countries and hence no risks attendant to foreign operations. 

DNB files reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 450 fifth Street, NW, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC Internet site s address is http://www.sec.gov . DNB maintains a corporate website at www.dnbfirst.com . We will provide printed copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports at no charge upon written request. Requests should be made to DNB Financial Corporation, 4 Brandywine Avenue, Downingtown, PA 19335, Attention: Gerald F. Sopp, Chief Financial Officer. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Not applicable. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

The main office of the Bank, which the Bank owns, is located at 4 Brandywine Avenue, Downingtown, Pennsylvania 19335. DNB s registered office is also at this location , and DNB pays no rent or other form of consideration for the use of the Bank s main office as its principal executive office. The Bank leases its operations center located at 104 Brandywine Avenue, Downingtown. The Bank had a net book value of 6.7 million for all branches owned plus leasehold improvements on offices leased at December 31, 201 3 . The Bank s trust department and wealth management unit, operating under the name, DNB First Wealth Management, has offices in the Bank s Exton Office. 

The bank has thirteen branch offices located in Chester and Delaware Counties, Pennsylvania. In addition to the main office discussed above, they are: 

Office 

Office Location 

Owned/Leased 

Boothwyn 

3915 Chichester Ave, Boothwyn 

Owned 

Caln 

1835 East Lincoln Highway, Coatesville 

Owned 

Chadds Ford 

300 Oakland Road, West Chester 

Leased 

East End 

701 East Lancaster Avenue, Downingtown 

Owned 

Exton 

410 Exton Square Parkway, Exton 

Leased 

Kennett Square 

215 East Cypress Street, Kennett Square 

Owned 

Lionville 

891 Pottstown Pike, Exton 

Owned 

Little Washington 

104 Culbertson Run Road, Downingtown 

Owned 

Ludwig s Corner 

1030 North Pottstown Pike, Chester Springs 

Owned 

Media 

323 West State Street, Media (Limited Service) 

Leased 

West Chester 

2 North Church Street, West Chester 

Leased 

West Goshen 

1115 West Chester Pike, West Chester 

Leased 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable. 

11 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) Market Price of and Dividends on Registrant s Common Equity 

DNB Financial Corporation s common stock, par value 1.00 per share, is listed for trading on Nasdaq 's Capital Market under the symbol DNBF. Current price information is available from account executives at most brokerage firms as well as the firms listed at the back of this report who are market makers of DNB s common stock. There were approximately 1,100 shareholders who owned 2. 8 million shares of common stock outstanding at March 15, 201 4 . Quarterly high and low sales prices are set forth below: 

2013 

2012 

High 

Low 

Dividend 

High 

Low 

Dividend 

First quarter 

16.74 

14.96 

0.07 

14.09 

10.53 

0.05 

Second quarter 

17.59 

16.71 

0.07 

14.11 

13.07 

0.05 

Third quarter 

22.56 

16.84 

0.07 

16.40 

13.12 

0.05 

Fourth quarter 

21.92 

19.05 

0.07 

16.68 

15.00 

0.05 

The information required with respect to the frequency and amount of DNB s cash dividends declared on each class of its common equity for the two most recent fiscal years is set forth in the section of this report titled, Item 6 Selected Financial Data on page 14 , and incorporated herein by reference. 

See also the discussion under "5. Certain Regulatory Matters " at page 37 of "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations" for further information regarding limitations on our ability to pay dividends. 

The information required with respect to securities authorized for issuance under DNB s equity compensation plans is set forth in Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters on page 8 0 , and incorporated herein by reference. 

(b) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None . 

(c) Purchases of Equity Securities by DNB and Affiliated Purchasers 

The following table provides information on repurchases by or on behalf of DNB or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Regulation 10b-18(a)(3)) of its common stock in each month of the quarter ended December 31, 201 3 . 

Total Number of 

Maximum Number 

Shares Purchased 

of Shares that May 

Total Number 

Average 

as Part of Publicly 

Yet Be Purchased 

Of Shares 

Price Paid 

Announced Plans 

Under the Plans or 

Period 

Purchased 

Per Share 

or Programs 

Programs 

October 1, 2013 - October 31, 2013 

- 

- 

- 

63,016 

November 1, 2013 - November 30, 2013 

- 

- 

- 

63,016 

December 1, 2013 - December 31, 2013 

- 

- 

- 

63,016 

Total 

- 

- 

- 

On July 25, 2001, DNB authorized the buyback of up to 175,000 shares of its common stock over an indefinite period. On August 27, 2004, DNB increased the buyback from 175,000 to 325,000 shares of its common stock over an indefinite period. 

As more fully discussed beginning on page 5 in the Supervision and Regulation section of Item 1. Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, DNB s ability to repurchase its common stock was limited by the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement between DNB and the U.S. Treasury regarding its participation in the Treasury s Small Business Lending 

12 

Fund (SBLF). Under the SBLF, effective August 4, 2011, so long as any share of Series 2011A Preferred Stock remains outstanding, DNB may repurchase or redeem any shares of Capital Stock, only if, after giving effect to such dividend, repurchase or redemption, DNB s Tier 1 capital would be at least equal to the Tier 1 Dividend Threshold, as specified in the agreement and that the dividends on such stock have all been contemporaneously declared and paid. 

(d) Corporation Performance Graph 

The following graph presents the 5 year cumulative total return on DNB Financial Corporation s common stock, compared to the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Financial Index for the 5 year period ended December 31, 201 3 . The comparison assumes that 100 was invested in DNB s common stock and each of the foregoing indices and that all dividends have been reinvested. 

CORPORATION PERFORMANCE 

COMPARISON OF FIVE YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 

AMONG DNB FINANCIAL CORP., the S P 500 INDEX and the S P 500 FINANCIAL INDEX 

13 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

The selected financial data set forth below is derived in part from, and should be read in conjunction with, the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, contained elsewhere herein. 

At or For the Year Ended December 31 

(Dollars in thousands, except share data) 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

2009 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Interest income 

23,212 

25,729 

26,174 

26,050 

25,948 

Interest expense 

2,888 

3,755 

4,644 

7,062 

10,629 

Net interest income 

20,324 

21,974 

21,530 

18,988 

15,319 

Provision for credit losses 

2,530 

1,455 

1,480 

2,216 

1,325 

Non-interest income 

4,795 

4,528 

3,666 

5,430 

4,507 

Non-interest expense 

17,450 

17,702 

16,748 

16,903 

16,590 

Income before income taxes 

5,139 

7,345 

6,968 

5,299 

1,911 

Income tax expense 

1,220 

2,106 

2,066 

1,629 

362 

Net income 

3,919 

5,239 

4,902 

3,670 

1,549 

Preferred stock dividends accretion of 

discount 

148 

332 

779 

618 

567 

Net income available to common stockholders 

3,771 

4,907 

4,123 

3,052 

982 

PER SHARE DATA 

Basic earnings 

1.38 

1.81 

1.54 

1.16 

0.38 

Diluted earnings 

1.36 

1.79 

1.53 

1.16 

0.38 

Cash dividends 

0.28 

0.20 

0.12 

0.12 

0.23 

Book value 

16.55 

16.08 

14.14 

12.55 

11.88 

Weighted average 

Common shares outstanding - basic 

2,742,417 

2,710,819 

2,674,716 

2,635,549 

2,606,596 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 

Total assets 

661,473 

639,568 

607,099 

602,332 

634,248 

Loans and leases, gross 

415,354 

396,498 

403,684 

396,171 

359,427 

Allowance for credit losses 

4,623 

6,838 

6,164 

5,884 

5,477 

Deposits 

558,747 

530,424 

497,545 

492,746 

507,347 

Borrowings 

39,674 

46,864 

53,647 

60,230 

79,450 

Stockholders equity 

58,583 

56,705 

51,056 

45,208 

42,876 

SELECTED RATIOS 

Return on average stockholders equity 

6.75 

9.61 

10.01 

8.03 

3.76 

Return on average assets 

0.60 

0.84 

0.80 

0.59 

0.26 

Average equity to average assets 

8.86 

8.98 

7.99 

7.40 

6.87 

Loans to deposits 

74.34 

74.75 

81.14 

80.40 

70.84 

Dividend payout ratio 

20.65 

11.17 

7.84 

10.37 

59.68 

14 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

I. Introductory Overview 

DNB Financial Corporation ("DNB") is a bank holding company whose bank subsidiary, DNB First, National Association (the Bank is a nationally chartered commercial bank with trust powers, and a member of the FDIC. DNB provides a broad range of banking services to individual and corporate customers through its thirteen community offices located throughout Chester and Delaware Counties, Pennsylvania. DNB is a community banking organization that focuses its lending and other services on businesses and consumers in the local market area. DNB funds all these activities with retail and business deposits and borrowings. Through its Wealth Management Group , the Bank provides wealth management and trust services to individuals, businesses and non-profit organizations. The Bank and its subsidiary, DNB Investments and Insurance, make available certain non-depository products and services, such as securities brokerage, mutual funds, life insurance and annuities. 

DNB earns revenues and generates cash flows by lending funds to commercial and consumer customers in its marketplace. DNB generates its largest source of interest income through its lending function. A secondary source of interest income is DNB s investment portfolio, which provides liquidity and cash flows for future lending needs. 

In addition to interest earned on loans and investments, DNB earns revenues from fees it charges customers for non-lending services. These services include wealth management and trust services; brokerage and investment services; cash management services; banking and ATM services; as well as safekeeping and other depository services. 

To ensure we remain well positioned to meet the growing needs of our customers and communities and to meet the challenges of the 21st century, we ve worked to build awareness of our full-service capabilities and ability to meet the needs of a wide range of customers. This served to not only retain our existing customer base, but to position ourselves as an attractive financial institution on which younger individuals and families can build their dreams. To that end, DNB continues to make appropriate investments in all areas of our business, including people, technology, facilities and marketing. 

Highlights of DNB s results for the year-end December 31, 201 3 include: 

Successful Cost of Funds Management DNB trimmed total interest expense 23 in 2013 compared with 2012 reflecting ongoing interest rate management practices and the growth of core deposits. Total deposits were 558.75 million at December 31, 2013, up 5.3 compared with 530.42 million at December 31, 2012. The deposit growth, which reflected an 8.2 year-over-year increase in total core deposits to 463.21 million, included a 19.8 increase of demand deposits to 101.85 million at year-end 2013 compared with 85.05 million at year-end 2012. Low-cost core deposit growth contributed to DNB 's ability to reduce its reliance on FHLB borrowings by half, to 10 million. 

Improvement in asset quality Improved asset quality was reflected in several key performance ratios, including a non-performing loan s to total loan s ratio of 1.38 and a ratio of non-performing assets to total assets of 1.03 at December 31, 2013. This compares to 2.63 and 1.82 , respectively , at December 31, 2012. 

DNB continued to focus on growing fee-based income Wealth M anagement continued to record strong growth in total assets under care, which increased 23.5 to 148.2 million at December 31, 2013 compared with 120.0 million at December 31, 2012. This growth contributed to a 43 increase in fee income from DNB 's Investment Management and Trust Group . 

Strengthened capital position Shareholder s equity increased 1.9 million to 58.6 million at December 31, 201 3 compared to December 31, 201 2 , reflecting our solid earnings growth. DNB's Tier 1 leverage ratio and Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio were 10. 61 and 15.35 , exceeding regulatory definitions for a well capitalized institution. 

The global and U.S. economies have experienced significantly reduced business activity as a result of disruptions in the financial system during the past f ive years. Dramatic declines in the housing market, with falling home prices and increasing foreclosures and unemployment, have resulted in significant write-downs of asset values by financial institutions, including government-sponsored entities and major commercial and investment banks. As a result of the recession, retail customers may delay borrowing from DNB as unemployment remains high and availability to borrow against equity in primary residences diminishes. As the U.S. economy moves through a period of recession, delinquencies will rise as the value of homes decline and DNB s borrowers experience financial difficulty due to corporate downsizing, reduced sales, or other negative events which may impact their ability to meet their contractual loan payments. As a result of these negative trends in the 

15 

economy and their impact on our borrowers ability to repay their loans, DNB made a 2.53 million provision for credit losses in 201 3, compared to a 1.46 million provision in 2012. 

In addition, DNB s net interest margin has been impacted by these changes in the economy. Management has been aggressive in managing DNB s cost of funds during the year by implementing carefully planned pricing strategies, designed to offset the decline in rates on earning assets, while matching liquidity needs. Our composite cost of funds for 201 3 dropped 20 basis points to 0. 5 8 , from 0. 78 in 201 2 . DNB s net interest margin de creased to 3. 34 in 201 3 from 3.7 8 in 201 2 . 

Earnings. For the year ended D ecember 31, 201 3 , DNB reported net income of 3.9 million, a decrease of 1.3 million from 5.2 million reported for the year ended December 31, 201 2 , or 1. 36 per share versus 1. 79 per share, respectively, on a fully diluted basis. DNB s earnings were un favorably impacted by lower net interest income and a higher provision of credit losses . A s DNB reported a de crease in earnings in 201 3 over 201 2 , our operations and earnings are subject to the same negative economic conditions challenging all commercial banking institutions. 

Asset Quality. Non-performing assets were 6 .8 million at December 31, 201 3 compared to 11. 7 million at December 31, 201 2 . Non-performing assets as of December 31, 201 3 were comprised of 5 .6 million of non-accrual loans and leases, 141 ,000 of loans and leases delinquent over ninety days and still accruing, as well as 1. 0 million of Other Real Estate Owned OREO and 73 ,000 in other repossessed property . As of December 31, 201 3 , the non-performing loans to total loans ratio de creased to 1.38 compared to 2.63 at December 31, 201 2 . The non-performing assets to total assets ratio decreased to 1. 03 at December 31, 201 3 , compared to 1. 82 at December 31, 201 2 . The allowance for credit losses was 4.6 million at December 31, 201 3 , compared to 6. 8 million at December 31, 201 2 . The allowance to total loans was 1. 11 at December 31, 201 3 compared to 1. 72 at December 31, 201 2 . DNB s delinquency ratio (the total of all delinquent loans and leases plus loans greater than 90 days and still accruing, divided by total loans and leases) was 1.67 at December 31, 201 3 , down from 2.36 at December 31, 201 2 . The de crease in delinquencies during 201 3 occurred primarily in the commercial loan portfolio. 

II. Overview of Financial Condition Major Changes and Trends 

At December 31, 201 3 , DNB had consolidated assets of 661.5 million and a Tier I/Leverage Capital Ratio of 10. 61 . Loans and leases comprise 65.3 of earning assets, while investments and overnight funds constitute the remainder. During 201 3 , assets increased 21.9 million to 661.5 million at December 31, 201 3 , compared to 639.6 million at December 31, 201 2 . During the same period, investment securities de creased 14 .4 million to 187.0 million, while the loan and lease portfolio in creased 18.9 million, or 4.76 , to 415.4 million. Deposits increased 28.3 million to 558.7 million at December 31, 201 3 . DNB s liabilities are comprised of a high level of core deposits with a low cost of funds in addition to a moderate level of borrowings with costs that are more volatile than core deposits. 

Comprehensive 5-Year Plan. During the second quarter of 2013, management updated the 5-year strategic plan that was designed to reposition its balance sheet and improve core earnings. Through the plan, management will endeavor to expand its loan portfolio through new originations, increased loan participations, as well as strategic loan and lease receivable purchases. Management also plans to reduce the absolute level of borrowings with cash flows from existing loans and investments as well as from new deposit growth. A discussion on DNB s Key Strategies follows below: 

Focus on penetrating existing markets to maximize profitability; 

Grow loans and diversify the mix; 

Improve asset quality; 

Focus on profitable customer segments; 

Grow and diversify non-interest income, primarily wealth management and mortgage banking; 

Focus on reducing DNB s cost of funds by changing DNB s mix of deposits; and 

Focus on cost containment and improving operational efficiencies. 

Strategic Plan Update. We made significant strides toward improving asset quality during 2013. Non-performing loans to total loans fell to 1.38 , down from 2.63 at December 31, 2012. Management continued to actively manage deposits during 2013 to reduce DNB s cost of funds. The composite cost of funds for the year ended December 31, 2013 was 0. 44 compared to 0. 78 in 2012. Time deposits decreased 6.8 million to 95.5 million at December 31, 2013 compared to 102.3 

16 

million at December 31, 2012. Transaction and savings accounts increased 35.1 million or 8.2 to 428.1 million at December 31, 2013 . Positive trends in non-interest income were observed in 2013 as wealth management fees increased 23.33 or 241,000 to 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 . Non-interest expense for the year ended December 31 , 2013 showed a modest decline of 1.43 or 252 ,000, compared to the same period in 2012 . 

Management s strategies are designed to direct DNB s tactical investment decisions and support financial objectives. DNB s most significant revenue source continues to be net interest income, defined as total interest income less total interest expense, which in 201 3 accounted for approximately 8 0 .9 of total revenue. To produce net interest income and consistent earnings growth over the long-term, DNB must generate loan and deposit growth at acceptable economic spreads within its market area. To generate and grow loans and deposits, DNB must focus on a number of areas including, but not limited to, the economy, branch expansion, sales practices, customer satisfaction and retention, competition, customer behavior, technology, product innovation and credit performance of its customers. 

Management has made a concerted effort to improve the measurement and tracking of business lines and overall corporate performance levels. Improved information systems have increased DNB s ability to track key indicators and enhance corporate performance levels. Better measurement against goals and objectives and increased accountability will be integral in attaining desired loan, deposit and fee income production. 

III. DNB s Principal Products and Services 

Loans and Lending Services. DNB s primary source of earnings and cash flows is derived from its lending function. The commercial loan and lease portfolios amounted to 343.0 million or 82. 6 of total loans as of December 31, 201 3 . DNB focuses on providing these products to small to mid-size businesses throughout Chester and Delaware Counties. In keeping with DNB s goal to match customer business initiatives with products designed to meet their needs, DNB offers a wide variety of fixed and variable rate loans that are priced competitively. DNB serves this market by providing funds for the purchase of business property or ventures, working capital lines, Small Business Administration loans, lease financing for equipment and for a variety of other purposes. 

As a community bank, DNB also serves consumers by providing home equity and home mortgages, as well as term loans for the purchase of consumer goods. Residential mortgage and consumer loans decreased 1.2 million in 201 3 compared to 201 2 , primarily due to the current economic environment, which has lessened consumer demand for home equity loan products as a result of falling housing prices and a higher unemployment rate. In addition to providing funds to customers, DNB also provides a variety of services to its commercial customers. These services, such as cash management, remote capture, commercial sweep accounts, internet banking, letters of credit and other lending services are designed to meet our customer needs and help them become successful. DNB provides these services to assist its customers in obtaining financing, securing business opportunities, providing access to new resources and managing cash flows. 

Deposit Products and Services. DNB s primary source of funds is derived from customer deposits, which are typically generated by DNB s thirteen branch offices. DNB s deposit base, while highly concentrated in central Chester County, extends to southern Chester County and into parts of Delaware and Lancaster Counties. In addition, a growing amount of new deposits are being generated through expanded government service offerings and as a part of comprehensive loan or wealth management relationships. 

The majority of DNB s deposit mix consists of low costing core deposits, (demand, NOW and savings accounts). The remaining deposits are comprised of rate-sensitive money market and time products. DNB offers tiered savings and money market accounts, designed to attract high dollar, less volatile funds. Certificates of deposit and IRAs are traditionally offered with interest rates commensurate with their terms. 

Non-Deposit Products and Services. DNB offers non- deposit products and services under the names DNB Investments Insurance and DNB First Investment Management Trust. Revenues under these entities were 1.2 million and 1.0 million for 201 3 and 201 2 , respectively. 

17 

DNB Investments Insurance. Through a third party marketing agreement with Cetera Investment Services, LLC, DNB Investments Insurance offers a complete line of investment and insurance products. 

Fixed Variable Annuities 

401(k) plans 

401(k) Rollovers 

Stocks 

Self-Directed IRAs 

Bonds 

Mutual Funds 

Full Services Brokerage/Cash Management 

Long Term Care Insurance 

529 College Savings Plans 

Life Insurance 

IRA Accounts 

Disability Insurance 

Self Employed Pension (SEP) 

DNB First Investment Management Trust. DNB First Investment Management Trust offers a full line of services, which includes the following: 

Investment Management 

Investment Advisory 

Estate Settlement 

Trust Administration 

Custody Services 

Financial Planning 

Corporate Trustee 

Client Bill Paying 

IV. Material Challenges, Risks and Opportunities 

A. Interest Rate Risk Management. 

Interest rate risk is the exposure to adverse changes in net interest income due to changes in interest rates. DNB considers interest rate risk a predominant risk in terms of its potential impact on earnings. Interest rate risk can occur for any one or more of the following reasons: (a) assets and liabilities may mature or re-price at different times; (b) short-term or long-term market rates may change by different amounts; or (c) the remaining maturity of various assets or liabilities may shorten or lengthen as interest rates change. 

The principal objective of DNB s interest rate risk management is to evaluate the interest rate risk included in certain on and off balance sheet accounts, determine the level of risk appropriate given DNB s business strategy, operating environment, capital and liquidity requirements and performance objectives, and manage the risk consistent with approved guidelines. Through such management, DNB seeks to reduce the vulnerability of its operations to changes in interest rates. DNB s Asset Liability Committee (the ALCO is responsible for reviewing DNB s asset/liability policies and interest rate risk position and making decisions involving asset liability considerations. The ALCO meets on a monthly basis and reports trends and DNB s interest rate risk position to the Board of Directors on a quarterly basis. The extent of the movement of interest rates is an uncertainty that could have a negative impact on DNB s earnings. (See additional discussion in Item 7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk on page 39 of this Form 10-K.) 

1. Net Interest Margin 

DNB s net interest margin is the ratio of net interest income to average interest earning assets. Unlike the interest rate spread, which measures the difference between the rates on earning assets and interest paying liabilities, the net interest margin measures that spread plus the effect of net free funding sources. This is a more meaningful measure of profitability because a bank can have a narrow spread but a high level of equity and non-interest bearing deposits, resulting in a higher net interest margin. One of the most critical challenges DNB faced over the last several years was the impact of historically low interest rates and a narrower spread between short-term rates and long-term rates as noted in the following tables. 

18 

December 31 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

2009 

2008 

Prime 

3.25 

3.25 

3.25 

3.25 

3.25 

3.25 

Federal Funds Sold FFS 

0.25 

0.25 

0.25 

0.25 

0.25 

0.25 

6 month US Treasury 

0.10 

0.12 

0.05 

0.19 

0.20 

0.27 

Historical Yield Spread 

December 31 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

2009 

2008 

FFS to 5 year US Treasury 

1.58 

0.70 

0.64 

1.68 

2.44 

1.30 

FFS to 10 year US Treasury 

2.90 

1.72 

1.73 

3.04 

3.60 

2.00 

In general, financial institutions price their fixed rate loans off of 5 and 10 year treasuries and price their deposits off of shorter indices, like the Federal Funds Sold rate. As you can see in the table above, the spread between the Federal Funds Sold rate and the 5 year treasury has ranged from 2.44 to 0. 64 during the last 6 years. The spread between the Federal Funds Sold rate and the 10 year treasury has ranged from 3.60 to 1.72 during the last 6 years. As a result of the compression between long and short term rates, many banks, including DNB, have seen their net interest margin fluctuate during the last 6 years. 

The following table provides, for the periods indicated, information regarding: (i) DNB s average balance sheet; (ii) the total dollar amounts of interest income from interest earning assets and the resulting average yields (tax-exempt yields have been adjusted to a tax equivalent basis using a 34 tax rate); (iii) the total dollar amounts of interest expense on interest bearing liabilities and the resulting average costs; (iv) net interest income; (v) net interest rate spread; and (vi) net interest margin. Average balances were calculated based on daily balances. Non-accrual loan balances are included in total loans. Loan fees and costs are included in interest on total loans. 

19 

Average Balances, Rates, and Interest Income and Expense 

Year Ended December 31 

2013 

2012 

2011 

Average 

Yield/ 

Average 

Yield/ 

Average 

Yield/ 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Balance 

Interest 

Rate 

Balance 

Interest 

Rate 

Balance 

Interest 

Rate 

ASSETS 

Interest-earning assets: 

Investment securities: 

Taxable 

155,725 

2,861 

1.84 

154,498 

3,163 

2.05 

147,324 

3,250 

2.21 

Tax-exempt 

43,495 

1,657 

3.81 

18,540 

912 

4.92 

5,656 

328 

5.79 

Total securities 

199,220 

4,518 

2.27 

173,038 

4,075 

2.36 

152,980 

3,578 

2.34 

Cash and cash equivalents 

34,379 

70 

0.20 

21,888 

41 

0.19 

26,374 

56 

0.21 

Total loans and leases 

396,997 

19,340 

4.87 

400,721 

22,114 

5.52 

408,796 

22,886 

5.60 

Total interest-earning assets 

630,596 

23,928 

3.79 

595,647 

26,230 

4.41 

588,150 

26,520 

4.51 

Non-interest-earning assets 

23,440 

25,517 

24,489 

Total assets 

654,036 

621,164 

612,639 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Savings deposits 

362,985 

740 

0.20 

327,893 

901 

0.27 

318,085 

1,045 

0.33 

Time deposits 

95,356 

1,071 

1.12 

103,288 

1,531 

1.48 

123,444 

2,190 

1.77 

Brokered Deposits 

- 

- 

- 

17 

- 

0.28 

20 

- 

0.20 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

458,341 

1,811 

0.40 

431,198 

2,432 

0.56 

441,549 

3,235 

0.73 

Federal funds purchased 

17 

- 

0.47 

71 

- 

0.59 

11 

- 

0.99 

Federal Reserve borrowing 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

0.73 

Repurchase agreements 

20,590 

45 

0.22 

20,419 

71 

0.34 

25,966 

142 

0.55 

FHLBP advances 

12,356 

653 

5.29 

20,000 

848 

4.23 

20,329 

864 

4.25 

Other borrowings 

9,836 

379 

3.85 

9,864 

404 

4.10 

10,284 

403 

3.92 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

501,140 

2,888 

0.58 

481,552 

3,755 

0.78 

498,139 

4,644 

0.93 

Demand deposits 

89,696 

80,114 

61,951 

Other liabilities 

5,167 

5,155 

3,570 

Stockholders equity 

58,033 

54,343 

48,979 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

654,036 

621,164 

612,639 

Net interest income 

21,040 

22,475 

21,876 

Interest rate spread 

3.22 

3.63 

3.58 

Net interest margin 

3.34 

3.78 

3.72 

2. Rate / Volume Analysis 

During 201 3 , net interest income, before the provision for credit losses, de creased 1.4 million or 6.38 on a tax equivalent basis. As shown in the following Rate/Volume Analysis table , 2.7 million unfavorable rate changes were offset by 1.2 million favorable volume changes. The volume changes were mostly attributable to increased levels of investment securities of 26.2 million and demand deposits of 9.6 million, offset by decreased levels of FHLBP advances of 7. 5 million. The average balance of investment securities was 199.2 million in 201 3 compared to 173.0 million in 201 2 . The average balance of demand deposits was 89.7 million in 201 3 compared to 80.1 million in 201 2 . The average balance of time deposits was 95.4 million in 201 3 compared to 103.3 million in 201 2 . The decrease in yields on interest-earning assets outweighed the decrease in rates on interest-bearing liabilities, resulting in a 2.7 million unfavorable difference. The tax equivalent yield on securities de creased to 2.27 in 201 3 , from 2.36 in 201 2 . The favorable change due to rate on savings deposits was 232 ,000 which had an average rate of 0.2 0 in 201 3 , compared to 0. 27 in 201 2 . The favorable change due to rate on time deposits was 3 7 1,000 which had an average rate of 1. 12 in 201 3 , compared to 1. 48 in 201 2 . DNB s composite cost of funds decreased to 0. 5 8 in 201 3 compared to 0. 78 in 201 2 . 

The following table sets forth, among other things, the extent to which changes in interest rates and changes in the average balances of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities have affected interest income and expense for the periods noted (tax-exempt yields have been adjusted to a tax equivalent basis using a 34 tax rate). For each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided with respect to changes attributable to 

20 

(i) changes in rate (change in rate multiplied by old volume) and (ii) changes in volume (change in volume multiplied by new rate). The net change attributable to the combined impact of rate and volume has been allocated proportionately to the change due to rate and the change due to volume. 

Rate / Volume Analysis 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2013 Versus 2012 

2012 Versus 2011 

Change Due To 

Change Due To 

Rate 

Volume 

Total 

Rate 

Volume 

Total 

Interest-earning assets: 

Loans and leases 

(2,593)

(181)

(2,774)

(327)

(445)

(772)

Investment securities: 

Taxable 

(325)

23 

(302)

(227)

140 

(87)

Tax-exempt 

(206)

951 

745 

(49)

633 

584 

Cash and cash equivalents 

4 

25 

29 

(7)

(8)

(15)

Total 

(3,120)

818 

(2,302)

(610)

320 

(290)

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Savings deposits 

(232)

71 

(161)

(171)

27 

(144)

Time deposits 

(371)

(89)

(460)

(361)

(298)

(659)

Repurchase agreements 

(26)

- 

(26)

(52)

(19)

(71)

FHLBP advances 

209 

(404)

(195)

(4)

(12)

(16)

Other borrowings 

(24)

(1)

(25)

18 

(17)

1 

Total 

(444)

(423)

(867)

(570)

(319)

(889)

Net interest income 

(2,676)

1,241 

(1,435)

(40)

639 

599 

3. Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis 

The largest component of DNB s total income is net interest income, and the majority of DNB s financial instruments are comprised of interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities with various terms and maturities. The primary objective of management is to maximize net interest income while minimizing interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is derived from timing differences in the re-pricing of assets and liabilities, loan prepayments, deposit withdrawals, and differences in lending and funding rates. The Asset/Liability Committee ALCO actively seeks to monitor and control the mix of interest rate-sensitive assets and interest rate-sensitive liabilities. 

ALCO continually evaluates interest rate risk management opportunities, including the use of derivative financial instruments. Management believes that hedging instruments currently available are not cost-effective, and therefore, has focused its efforts on increasing DNB s spread by attracting lower-costing retail deposits and in some instances, borrowing from the FHLB of Pittsburgh. 

DNB reports its callable agency investments 29.9 million at December 31, 201 3 and callable FHLBP advances 1 0 .0 million at December 31, 201 3 at their Option Adjusted Spread OAS effective duration date, as opposed to the call or maturity date. In management s opinion, using effective duration dates on callable securities and advances provides a better estimate of the option exercise date under any interest rate environment. The OAS methodology is an approach whereby the likelihood of option exercise takes into account the coupon on the security, the distance to the call date, the maturity date and current interest rate volatility. In addition, prepayment assumptions derived from historical data have been applied to mortgage related securities, which are included in investments. (See additional discussion in Item 7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk on page 39 of this Form 10-K.) 

B. Liquidity and Market Risk Management 

Liquidity is the ability to meet current and future financial obligations. The Bank further defines liquidity as the ability to respond to deposit outflows as well as maintain flexibility to take advantage of lending and investment opportunities. The Bank s primary sources of funds are operating earnings, deposits, repurchase agreements, principal and interest payments on loans, proceeds from loan sales, sales and maturities of mortgage backed and investment securities, and FHLBP advances. The Bank uses the funds generated to support its lending and investment activities as well as any other demands for liquidity such as deposit outflows. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit 

21 

flows, mortgage prepayments, loan and security sales and the exercise of call features are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. 

The objective of DNB s asset/liability management function is to maintain consistent growth in net interest income within DNB s policy limits. This objective is accomplished through the management of liquidity and interest rate risk, as well as customer offerings of various loan and deposit products. DNB maintains adequate liquidity to meet daily funding requirements, anticipated deposit withdrawals, or asset opportunities in a timely manner. Liquidity is also necessary to meet obligations during unusual, extraordinary or adverse operating circumstances, while avoiding a significant loss or cost. DNB s foundation for liquidity is a stable deposit base as well as a marketable investment portfolio that provides cash flow through regular maturities or that can be used for collateral to secure funding in an emergency. As part of its liquidity management, DNB maintains assets, which comprise its primary liquidity (Federal funds sold, investments and interest bearing cash balances, less pledged securities). 

C. Credit Risk Management 

DNB defines credit risk as the risk of default by a customer or counter party. The objective of DNB s credit risk management strategy is to quantify and manage credit risk on an aggregate portfolio basis as well as to limit the risk of loss resulting from an individual customer default. Credit risk is managed through a combination of underwriting, documentation and collection standards. DNB s credit risk management strategy calls for regular credit examinations and quarterly management reviews of large credit exposures and credits experiencing credit quality deterioration. DNB s loan review procedures provide objective assessments of the quality of underwriting, documentation, risk grading and charge-off procedures, as well as an assessment of the allowance for credit loss reserve analysis process. As the U.S. economy moves through a period of recession, it is possible that delinquencies and non-performing assets may rise as the value of homes decline and DNB s borrowers experience financial difficulty due to corporate downsizing, reduced sales, or other negative events which will impact their ability to meet their contractual loan payments. To minimize the impact on DNB s earnings and maintain sound credit quality, management continues to aggressively monitor credit and credit relationships that may be impacted by such adverse factors. 

D. Competition 

In addition to the challenges related to the interest rate environment, community banks in Chester and Delaware Counties have been experiencing increased competition from large regional and international banks entering DNB s marketplace through mergers and acquisitions. Competition for loans and deposits has negatively affected DNB s net interest margin. To compensate for the increased competition, DNB, along with other area community banks, has aggressively sought and marketed customers who have been disenfranchised by these mergers. 

To attract these customers, DNB has introduced new deposit products and services, such as Choice Checking with ATM surcharge rebates, Mobile Banking, Popmoney and expanded bill payment functionality with CheckFree . DNB also offers a complete package of cash management services including remote deposit, ARP services, ACH, government account services and more. In addition, our Free Business Checking products provide significant advantages to our customers when compared to those offered by our competitors. 

V. Recent Developments 

Accounting Developments Affecting DNB 

Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-04, Receivables (Topic 310): Reclassification of Residential Real Estate Collateralized Consumer Mortgage Loans upon Foreclosure. 

The ASU clarifies that an in substance repossession or foreclosure occurs upon either the creditor obtaining legal title to the residential real estate property or the borrower conveying all interest in the residential real estate property to the creditor to satisfy that loan through completion of a deed in lieu of foreclosure or through a similar legal agreement. The amendments are effective for annual periods, and interim reporting periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2014. The amendments may be adopted using either a modified retrospective transition method or a prospective transition method. Early adoption is permitted. Management does not believe the amendments will have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

22 

VI. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Generally accepted accounting principles are complex and require management to apply significant judgment to various accounting, reporting and disclosure matters. Management must use assumptions and estimates to apply these principles where actual measurement is not possible or practical. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

In management s opinion, the most critical accounting policies and estimates impacting DNB s consolidated financial statements are listed below. These policies are critical because they are highly dependent upon subjective or complex judgments, assumptions and estimates. Changes in such estimates may have a significant impact on the financial statements. For a complete discussion of DNB s significant accounting policies, see the footnotes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and discussion throughout this Form 10-K. 

VII. 201 3 Financial Results 

A. Liquidity 

Management maintains liquidity to meet depositors needs for funds, to satisfy or fund loan commitments, and for other operating purposes. DNB s foundation for liquidity is a stable and loyal customer deposit base, cash and cash equivalents, and a marketable investment portfolio that provides periodic cash flow through regular maturities and amortization, or that can be used as collateral to secure funding. Primary liquidity includes investments, Federal funds sold, and interest bearing cash balances, less pledged securities. DNB also anticipates scheduled payments and prepayments on its loan and mortgage backed securities portfolios. In addition, DNB maintains borrowing arrangements with various correspondent banks, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh and the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia to meet short-term liquidity needs. Through these relationships, DNB has available credit of approximately 236.7 million at December 31, 201 3 . Management believes that DNB has adequate resources to meet its short-term and long-term funding requirements. 

As of December 31, 201 3 , deposits totaled 558.7 million, up 28.3 million from 530.4 million at December 31, 201 2 . There were 70.2 million in certificates of deposit (including IRAs) scheduled to mature during the next twelve months. At December 31, 201 3 , DNB had 89.4 million in un-funded loan commitments. In addition, there was 1.5 million in un-funded letters of credit. Management anticipates the majority of these commitments will be funded by means of normal cash flows. 

The following table sets forth the composition of DNB s deposits at the dates indicated. 

Deposits By Major Classification 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Non-interest-bearing deposits 

101,853 

85,055 

68,371 

58,948 

46,236 

Interest-bearing deposits: 

NOW 

170,427 

161,844 

171,321 

163,104 

151,597 

Money market 

130,835 

122,953 

107,368 

89,944 

102,427 

Savings 

60,090 

58,256 

45,250 

42,521 

35,973 

Certificates 

75,856 

81,637 

83,260 

114,259 

148,636 

IRA 

19,686 

20,679 

21,975 

23,970 

22,478 

Total deposits 

558,747 

530,424 

497,545 

492,746 

507,347 

For detailed information regarding the maturity of our time deposits and certificates of deposit, see Note 6 to our Consolidated Financial Statements beginning at page 6 0 . 

23 

Capital Resources and Adequacy 

Stockholders' equity was 58.6 million at December 31, 201 3 compared to 56.7 million at December 31, 201 2 . The increase in stockholders equity was primarily a result of 201 3 earnings of 3.9 million . These additions to stockholders equity were partially offset by 1.7 million of net-of tax other comprehensive loss , 768 ,000 of dividends paid on DNB s common stock and 131 ,000 of dividends paid on DNB's SBLF Preferred Stock. 

On August 4, 2011, DNB entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with the Secretary of the Treasury, pursuant to which DNB issued and sold to the Treasury 13,000 shares of its Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series 2011A Series 2011A Preferred Stock ), having a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share for aggregate proceeds of 13,000,000. The Securities Purchase Agreement was entered into, and the Series 2011A Preferred Stock was issued, pursuant to the Treasury s Small Business Lending Fund program SBLF ), a 30 billion fund established under the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010, that encourages lending to small businesses by providing capital to qualified community banks with assets of less than 10 billion. Of the 13 million in aggregate proceeds, 11,879,000 was used to repurchase all CPP Shares 11,750,000 was paid in principal and 128,900 in accrued, unpaid dividends related to the CPP Shares) previously held by the Treasury. The securities sold in this transaction were exempt from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as a transaction by DNB not involving a public offering. 

Management believes that DNB and the Bank have each met the definition of well capitalized for regulatory purposes on December 31, 201 3 . The Bank s capital category is determined for the purposes of applying the bank regulators prompt corrective action regulations and for determining levels of deposit insurance assessments and may not constitute an accurate representation of DNB s or the Bank s overall financial condition or prospects. DNB s capital exceeds the Federal Reserve Bank s FRB s minimum leverage ratio requirements for bank holding companies (see additional discussion in Regulatory Matters Note 16 to DNB s consolidated financial statements). 

Under federal banking laws and regulations, DNB and the Bank are required to maintain minimum capital as determined by certain regulatory ratios. Capital adequacy for regulatory purposes, and the capital category assigned to an institution by its regulators, may be determinative of an institution s overall financial condition. 

B. Results of Operations 

1. Summary of Performance 

(a) Summary of Results 

For the year ended December 31, 2013, DNB reported net income of 3.9 million versus 5.2 million for 2012. Per share earnings on a fully diluted basis were 1.36, down from 1.79 for the prior year. The global and U.S. economies have experienced reduced business activity as a result of disruptions in the financial system during the past six years. The United States, Europe and many other countries across the globe are struggling with too much debt and weaker streams of revenues as a result of recessionary pressures and high unemployment. Overall economic growth continues to be slow and national and regional unemployment rates remain at elevated levels. The risks associated with our business remain acute in periods of slow economic growth and high unemployment. Moreover, financial institutions continue to be affected by a sluggish real estate market and constrained financial markets. While we are continuing to take steps to decrease and limit our exposure to problem loans, we nonetheless retain direct exposure to the residential and commercial real estate markets, and we are affected by these events. 

The January 15, 2014 Beige Book indicated that residential builders in the Third Federal Reserve District (the Third District ), the District where DNB is located, reported that construction has continued at a slight pace of activity since the December 4, 2013 Beige Book. Residential brokers reported robust year-over-year sales growth, with steady year-end momentum. As with new home construction, existing home sales are growing from a low base. Builders and, to a greater extent, brokers are optimistic that recent growth will be sustained in 2014. R eports of pending sales remained positive, and the inventory of homes for sale continued to fall in most markets. The Federal Reserve's contacts remained bullish for a "continued, gradual rise" in 2014 despite the somewhat deeper lull than is normal for December. 

The January 15, 2014 Beige Book indicates their nonresidential real estate contacts indicated little change in the slight growth rate of construction and the modest pace of overall leasing activity during this seasonally slow period of the year. New construction of industrial warehouse buildings remains in strong demand, as does new construction of institutional buildings. Most of the Federal Reserve's contacts reported good results for their respective firms in 2013 and expectations for stronger growth in 2014. 

24 

Third District manufacturers have reported continued increases in orders and shipments at a slight pace of growth overall since the December 4, 2013 Beige Book. The share of all firms reporting increases or decreases in general activity was about the same as before, with nearly one-third reporting increases in general activity and a little less than one-fourth reporting decreases. The makers of food products, fabricated metals, and industrial machinery have reported gains since the December 4, 2013 Beige Book. Reports of decreases came from the makers of paper products, chemicals, and electronic and other electric equipment. Some firms noted the impact of seasonal trends on business, which were positive for some but negative for others. Optimism that business conditions will improve over the next six months remained high and was widespread across sectors. Over half of the firms continued to anticipate increases in activity, though some firms expected decreases in activity, new orders, and shipments. Firms also expected to see the largest increase in health benefits costs compared with other input and labor costs in 2014. Though still positive overall, contacts have reported lower expectations of hiring and capital spending plans since the December 4, 2013 Beige Book. 

Aggregate business activity in the Third District continued to rise at a modest pace during the January 15, 2014 Beige Book period. Reports from most sectors changed little. However, auto dealers reported somewhat slower growth at a moderate pace, and existing home sales slowed further than expected, to a slight pace for the winter season. Sectors that continued to expand at a modest pace included general retail sales, tourism, and commercial real estate leasing. Residential and commercial real estate construction and manufacturing continued to expand only slightly. Loan volumes at Third District banks continued to grow at a modest pace across most categories, and credit quality continued to improve. There was little change to the slight overall increases in wages, home prices, and general price levels--similar to the December 4, 2013 Beige Book. Despite a slower pace of growth in some sectors, contacts overall maintained an outlook for moderate growth--similar to the December 4, 2013 Beige Book. Contacts in most sectors continued to express confidence in the underlying economy. Confidence was bolstered for some as the climate for a less volatile federal fiscal policy seemed to improve. In regard to hiring and capital expenditure plans, firms continued to expand cautiously and will do so until the pace of growth strengthens and exhibits sustainability; in addition, they face ongoing uncertainty from implementation of the Affordable Care Act. 

Although DNB s earnings have been impacted by the general economic conditions, the impact has not been as severe as it has been in many parts of the nation, largely due to a relatively healthier economic climate in the Third Federal Reserve District and specifically Chester County. DNB s franchise spans both Chester and Delaware counties in southeastern Pennsylvania. The majority of loans have been made to businesses and individuals in Chester County and the majority of deposits are from businesses and individuals within the County. According to census data, Chester County s population has grown at approximately 15 , compared to 13 for the nation and 3 for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The median household income in Chester County is 72,288 and the County ranks 14th nationally in disposable income. The unemployment rate for Chester County stood at 5. 3 as of November 2013, compared to a Pennsylvania unemployment rate of 6.8 and a national unemployment rate of 6 .6 . Traditionally, the unemployment rate has been the lowest in the surrounding five-county area and it ranks among the lowest unemployment rates in the Commonwealth. Chester County has a civilian labor force of 266,100, with manufacturing jobs representing 23.1 of the workforce and retail shopping comprising 13.8 of the total employment. During the last few years, the County has been able to keep most of its major employers, however some of them have downsized in order to remain competitive. Chester County is home to several Fortune 500 companies. Thirteen Chester County employers have 1,000 employees or more. Of these 13 companies, two companies have more than 5,000 employees. 

As the U.S. and local economy moves through a period of reduced business activity and historically high unemployment rates and low participation rates , delinquencies will rise as the value of homes decline and DNB s borrowers experience financial difficulty due to corporate downsizing, reduced sales, or other negative events which may impact their ability to meet their contractual loan payments. As a result of continued negative trends in the economy and their impact on our borrowers ability to repay their loans, DNB made a 2 .5 million provision for credit losses during the year ended December 31, 201 3 . 

These and other factors have impacted our operations. We continue to focus on the consistency and stability of core earnings and balance sheet strength which are critical success factors in today s challenging economic environment. 

(b) Significant Events, Transactions and Economic Changes Affecting Results 

Some of DNB s significant events during 201 3 include: 

Total loans and leases were 415.4 million at December 31, 201 3 , up 18.9 million or 4 .8 from 201 2 . Gross loans funded during 201 3 were 107.5 million compared to 89 .7 million in 201 2 . Paydowns on loans were 80.7 million, down 16.7 from 96.9 million in 201 2 . Commercial loans grew by 14.3 million or 15. 2 to 108.4 million, consumer loans grew 5.4 million or 12.8 to 47.7 million, while residential loans declined 1. 1 million or 4.5 to 24.7 million. Commercial mortgage loans remained relatively flat. 

25 

Total deposits were 558.7 million at December 31, 2013, up 5.3 compared with 530.4 million at December 31, 2012. DNB's deposit growth, which reflected an 8.2 year-over-year increase in total core deposits to 463.2 million, included a 19.8 increase of demand deposits to 101. 9 million at year-end 2013 , compared with 85. 1 million at year-end 2012. 

Overall asset quality at December 31, 2013 reflected consistent long-term improvement. Total non-performing loans were 5.7 million and total non-performing assets were 6.8 million at December 31, 2013, down 45 from 10.4 million and 42 from 11. 7 million, respectively, at December 31, 2012. The ratio of non-performing loans to total loans was 1.38 at December 31, 2013, compared to 2.63 at December 31, 2012. Non-accrual loans were 5. 6 million at December 31, 2013 compared with 9.6 million at December 31, 2012. 

(c) Trends and Uncertainties 

Please refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Introductory Overview on page 1 5 of this Form 10-K. 

(d) Material Changes in Results 

Please refer to the discussion above in the section titled Significant Events, Transactions and Economic Changes Affecting Results. 

(e) Effect of Inflation and Changing Rates 

For detailed discussion of the effects of inflation and changes in rates on DNB s results, refer to the discussion below on Net Interest Income. 

2. Net Interest Income 

DNB s earnings performance is primarily dependent upon its level of net interest income, which is the excess of interest income over interest expense. Interest income includes interest earned on loans and leases (net of interest reversals on non-performing loans), investments and Federal funds sold, as well as net loan fee amortization and dividend income. Interest expense includes the interest cost for deposits, FHLBP advances, repurchase agreements, corporate debentures, Federal funds purchased and other borrowings. 

During the year ended December 31, 201 3 , management focused on growing our loan portfolio, increasing households, improving asset quality , as well as reducing our composite cost of funds . The composite cost of funds for the year ended December 31, 201 3 was 0. 5 8 , compared to 0. 78 in 201 2 . The net interest margin for the year ended December 31, 201 3 was 3. 34 compared to 3.7 8 in 201 2 . The decrease was cause d by lower rates on earning assets , which outweighed the benefit of a higher volume of earning assets. Management continued to actively manage deposits during 201 3 to reduce DNB s cost of funds. Time deposits decreased 6.8 million to 95.5 million at December 31, 201 3 , compared to 10 2.3 million at December 31, 201 2 . Transaction and savings accounts, which are generally lower costing deposits, increased 35. 1 million during the year ended December 31, 201 3 . 

Interest on loans and leases was 19.2 million for 201 3 , compared to 21.9 million for 201 2 . The average balance of loans and leases was 397.0 million with an average tax equivalent yield of 4. 87 in 201 3 compared to 400.7 million with an average tax equivalent yield of 5. 52 in 201 2 . Year-over-year results reflect the continuing low interest rate environment in combination with pay downs on higher yielding loans 

Interest and dividends on investment securities was 4.0 million and 3. 8 million for 201 3 and 201 2 , respectively. The average balance of investment securities was 199.2 million with an average tax equivalent yield of 2. 27 in 201 3 compared to 173.0 million with an average tax equivalent yield of 2.3 6 in 201 2 . Total investment securities de creased 14.9 million from December 31, 201 2 to December 31, 201 3 primarily due to 79.4 million in sales, principal pay-downs, calls and maturities and a change in unrealized loss of 3.7 million, offset by 68.8 million in purchases . Interest and dividends increased 2 00,000, primarily due to a higher average balance of securities. 

Interest on deposits was 1.8 million for 201 3 compared to 1.3 million for 201 2 . The average balance of interest bearing deposits was 458.3 million with an average rate of 0. 40 for 201 3 compared to 431.2 million with an average rate of 0. 56 for 201 2 . The decrease in rate was primarily attributable to a lower interest rate environment. 

26 

Interest on FHLBP advances was 653 ,000 for 201 3 compared to 8 48 ,000 for 201 2 . The average balance on FHLBP advances was 12.4 million with an average rate of 5.29 for 201 3 compared to 20. 0 million with an average rate of 4. 23 for 201 2 . During the first quarter of 2013, management paid off 10.0 million of FHLBP borrowing. 

Interest on repurchase agreements was 45 ,000 for 201 3 compared to 71 ,000 for 201 2 . The average balance on repurchase agreements was 20. 6 million with an average rate of 0. 22 for 201 3 compared to 20.4 million with an average rate of 0. 34 for 201 2 . The decrease in interest expense was primarily the result of the lower rate paid on these accounts . 

3. Provision for Credit Losses 

To provide for known and inherent losses in the loan and lease portfolio, DNB maintains an allowance for credit losses. There was a 2 .5 million provision made in 2013 compared to 1.5 million in 201 2 . For a detailed discussion on DNB s reserve methodology, refer to Item 1 Determination of the allowance for credit losses which can be found under Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates . 

4. Non-Interest Income 

Non-interest income includes service charges on deposit products; fees received in connection with the sale of non-depository products and services, including fiduciary and investment advisory services offered through DNB First Investment Management and Trust ; non-depository securities brokerage products and services and insurance products and services offered through DNB Investments Insurance; and other sources of income such as increases in the cash surrender value of Bank Owned Life Insurance BOLI ), net gains on sales of investment securities and SBA loans. In addition, DNB receives fees for cash management, remote capture, merchant services, debit cards, safe deposit box rentals and similar activities. 

Non-interest income was 4. 8 million for 201 3 compared to 4.5 million for 201 2 . The 267 ,000 increase was primarily due to increases of 21 4 ,000 in DNB Wealth Management , 192,000 in gain on sale of investments, and 4,000 in gain on sale of loans. The increases were offset by decreases of 8 7 ,000 in other fees , 52,000 in service charges on deposits, and 4,000 in income from BOLI policies. 

5. Non-Interest Expense 

Non-interest expense includes salaries employee benefits, furniture equipment, occupancy, professional consulting fees as well as marketing, printing supplies, FDIC insurance, PA shares tax, telecommunications, write-downs on other real estate owned OREO and other repossessed property and other less significant expense items. Non-interest expenses de creased during 201 3 by 252 ,000 or 1.4 compared to 201 2 . 

Salary and employee benefits. Salary and employee benefits were 9. 4 million for 201 3 compared to 9.0 million for 201 2 . The 428 ,000 increase was attributable to a higher level of full-time equivalent employees year over year, primarily due to the acquisition of the branch in Boothwyn, Pennsylvania as well as a higher level of incentive and commission based compensation paid to various revenue producers . 

Professional and Consulting . Professional and consulting expense was 1. 2 million for 201 3 compared to 1. 3 million for 201 2 . The decrease was primarily attributable to lower levels of legal fees associated with credit administration. 

Other expenses. Other expenses were 1. 6 million for 201 3 compared to 1. 8 million for 201 2 . The 186 ,000 de crease was primarily due to 120,000 in decreased OREO expenses, and 65,000 of one-time conversion costs associated with the Boothwyn branch conversion in the second quarter of 2012 . 

FDIC insurance. FDIC insurance expense was 512 ,000 in 201 3 compared to 470 ,000 in 201 2 . The 4 2,000 increase was primarily due to a higher assessment base, higher provisions to the allowance and higher loan charge-offs in 2013 compared to 2012 (See Deposit Insurance Assessments on page 8 of this Form 10-K) . 

Gain/ l oss on s ale or w rite -down of OREO and other repossessed property. During 2013, DNB had 106,000 of net gains on sale/write-downs of OREO properties compared to 440,000 of net loss on sale/write-downs in 2012. At December 31, 201 3 , DNB held 1. 1 million of such assets, compared to 1.2 million at December 31, 201 2 . 

27 

6. Income Taxes 

Income tax expense was 1.2 million and 2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 201 3 and 201 2, respectively . Income tax expense for each period primarily differs from the amount determined at the statutory rate of 34.0 due to tax-exempt income on loans and investment securities, DNB s ownership of BOLI policies and tax credits recognized on a low-income housing limited partnership. The effective tax rates for 2013 and 2012 were 2 3 .7 and 28.7 , respectively. The lower effective tax rate in 201 3 was primarily due to higher levels of tax-exempt investment securities in 201 3, compared to 2012. 

Financial Condition Analysis 

1. Investment Securities 

DNB s investment portfolio consists of US agency securities, mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations issued by US Government agencies state and municipal securities, bank stocks, and other bonds and notes. In addition to generating revenue, DNB maintains the investment portfolio to manage interest rate risk, provide liquidity, provide collateral for borrowings and to diversify the credit risk of earning assets. The portfolio is structured to maximize DNB s net interest income given changes in the economic environment, liquidity position and balance sheet mix. 

Given the nature of the portfolio, and its generally high credit quality, management normally expects to realize all of its investment upon the maturity of such instruments. Management determines the appropriate classification of securities at the time of purchase. Investment securities are classified as: (a) securities held to maturity HTM based on management s intent and ability to hold them to maturity; (b) trading account TA securities that are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term; and (c) securities available for sale AFS ). DNB does not currently maintain a trading account portfolio. 

Securities classified as AFS include securities that may be sold in response to changes in interest rates, changes in prepayment assumptions, the need to increase regulatory capital or other similar requirements. DNB does not necessarily intend to sell such securities, but has classified them as AFS to provide flexibility to respond to liquidity needs. 

DNB s investment portfolio (HTM and AFS securities) totaled 187.0 million at December 31, 201 3 , down 14.3 million or 7.1 from 201.3 million at December 31, 201 2 . The 14.3 million decrease in investment securities was primarily due to 79.4 million in sales, principal pay-downs, calls and maturities and a change in unrealized gain of 3.7 million, offset by 68.8 million in purchases. 

At December 31, 201 3 , approximately 6 5 of DNB s investments were in the AFS portfolio and 3 5 were in the HTM portfolio. Investments consist mainly of mortgage backed securities and Agency notes backed by government sponsored enterprises, such as FHLMC, FNMA and FHLB. Management regularly reviews its investment portfolio to determine whether any securities are other than temporarily impaired. DNB did not invest in securities backed by sub-prime mortgages. At December 31, 201 3 , the combined AFS and HTM portfolios had an unrealized pretax gain of 831,000 and an unrealized pretax loss of 5.2 million . At December 31, 201 2 , the combined AFS and HTM portfolios had an unrealized pretax gain of 4.0 million and an unrealized pretax loss of 434 ,000. There were no other than temporarily impaired securities. 

The following tables set forth information regarding the composition, stated maturity and average yield of DNB s investment security portfolio as of the dates indicated (tax-exempt yields have been adjusted to a tax equivalent basis using a 34 tax rate). The first two tables do not include amortization or anticipated prepayments on mortgage backed securities. Callable securities are included at their stated maturity dates. 

28 

Investment Maturity Schedule, Including Weighted Average Yield 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2013 

No 

Less than 

1-5 

5-10 

Over 

Stated 

Held to Maturity 

1 Year 

Years 

Years 

10 Years 

Maturity 

Total 

Yield 

US Government agency obligations 

- 

- 

7,494 

- 

- 

7,494 

3.12 

GSE mortgage-backed securities 

- 

873 

405 

4,656 

- 

5,934 

3.13 

Corporate bonds 

- 

- 

6,357 

- 

- 

6,357 

5.52 

Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE 

- 

- 

- 

4,903 

- 

4,903 

2.21 

State and municipal tax-exempt 

- 

- 

11,992 

28,619 

- 

40,611 

4.02 

Total 

- 

873 

26,248 

38,178 

- 

65,299 

3.85 

Percent of portfolio 

- 

1 

40 

59 

- 

100 

Weighted average yield 

- 

4.26 

3.19 

2.85 

- 

3.85 

No 

Less than 

1-5 

5-10 

Over 

Stated 

Available for Sale 

1 Year 

Years 

Years 

10 Years 

Maturity 

Total 

Yield 

US Government agency obligations 

- 

13,051 

16,892 

- 

- 

29,943 

0.91 

GSE mortgage-backed securities 

36 

- 

21,377 

27,517 

- 

48,930 

1.96 

Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE 

- 

567 

- 

22,319 

- 

22,886 

1.48 

Corporate bonds 

- 

6,480 

10,070 

- 

- 

16,550 

2.07 

State and municipal tax-exempt 

1,000 

- 

470 

602 

- 

2,072 

2.71 

Certificates of deposit 

- 

1,260 

- 

- 

- 

1,260 

1.37 

Equity securities 

- 

- 

- 

- 

18 

18 

2.80 

Total 

1,036 

21,358 

48,809 

50,438 

18 

121,659 

1.63 

Percent of portfolio 

1 

18 

40 

41 

- 

100 

Weighted average yield 

1.77 

1.02 

1.62 

1.87 

2.80 

1.63 

Composition of Investment Securities 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31 

2013 

2012 

Held to 

Available 

Held to 

Available 

Maturity 

for Sale 

Maturity 

for Sale 

US Government agency obligations 

7,494 

29,943 

7,266 

35,539 

GSE mortgage-backed securities 

5,934 

48,930 

9,135 

22,392 

Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE 

4,903 

22,886 

7,204 

21,650 

Corporate bonds 

6,357 

16,550 

6,500 

41,447 

State and municipal tax-exempt 

40,611 

2,072 

35,919 

3,185 

Asset-backed securities 

- 

- 

- 

9,813 

Certificates of deposit 

- 

1,260 

- 

1,248 

Equity securities 

- 

18 

- 

14 

Total 

65,299 

121,659 

66,024 

135,288 

29 

2. Loan and Lease Portfolio 

DNB s loan and lease portfolio consists primarily of commercial and residential real estate loans, commercial loans and lines of credit (including commercial construction), commercial leases and consumer loans. The portfolio provides a stable source of interest income, monthly amortization of principal and, in the case of adjustable rate loans, re-pricing opportunities. 

Total loans and leases were 415.4 million at December 31, 201 3 , up 18.9 million or 4 .8 from 201 2 . Gross loans funded during 201 3 were 107.5 million compared to 89.7 million in 201 2 . Paydowns on loans were 80.7 million, down from 96.9 million in 20 12 . Commercial loans increased by 14.3 million or 15.1 to 108.4 million, consumer loans increased by 5.4 million or 12.8 to 47.7 million, r esidential mortgage and commercial mortgage loans remained relatively flat. 

The following table sets forth information concerning the composition of total loans outstanding, net of unearned income and fees and the allowance for credit losses, as of the dates indicated. 

Total Loans and Leases Outstanding, Net of Allowance for Credit Losses 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Residential mortgage 

24,677 

25,835 

26,461 

30,929 

40,951 

Commercial mortgage 

234,599 

234,202 

232,297 

218,099 

172,117 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

89,279 

81,888 

76,302 

70,580 

55,656 

Commercial construction 

19,117 

12,247 

24,818 

26,964 

32,122 

Lease financing 

2 

67 

191 

898 

3,077 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

41,418 

35,322 

36,042 

40,396 

45,982 

Other 

6,262 

6,937 

7,573 

8,305 

9,522 

Total loans and leases 

415,354 

396,498 

403,684 

396,171 

359,427 

Less allowance for credit losses 

(4,623)

(6,838)

(6,164)

(5,884)

(5,477)

Net loans and leases 

410,731 

389,660 

397,520 

390,287 

353,950 

The following table sets forth information concerning the contractual maturities of the loan portfolio, net of unearned income and fees. For amortizing loans, scheduled repayments for the maturity category in which the payment is due are not reflected below, because such information is not readily available. 

Loan and Lease Maturities 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2013 

Less than 

1-5 

Over 5 

1 Year 

Years 

Years 

Total 

Residential mortgage 

10,626 

113 

13,938 

24,677 

Commercial mortgage 

20,189 

69,399 

145,011 

234,599 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

5,246 

17,942 

66,091 

89,279 

Commercial construction 

9,230 

2,072 

7,815 

19,117 

Lease financing 

2 

- 

- 

2 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

2,911 

5,558 

32,949 

41,418 

Other 

20 

403 

5,839 

6,262 

Total loans and leases 

48,224 

95,487 

271,643 

415,354 

Loans and leases with fixed interest rates 

19,071 

85,572 

179,355 

283,998 

Loans and leases with variable interest rates 

29,153 

9,915 

92,288 

131,356 

Total loans and leases 

48,224 

95,487 

271,643 

415,354 

30 

3. Non-Performing Assets 

Total non-performing assets decreased 4.9 million to 6.8 million at December 31, 201 3 , compared to 11. 7 million at December 31, 201 2 . The 4.9 million decrease was attributable to a 4.0 million decrease in non- accrual loans, a 728 ,000 decrease in loans 90 days past due and still accruing, and a 141,000 reduction in other real estate owned other repossessed property. As a result of the decrease in non-performing loans and a n 18.9 million net increase in gross loans, the non-performing loans to total loans ratio decreased to 1.38 at December 31, 201 3 , from 2.63 at December 31, 201 2 . The non-performing assets to total assets ratio decreased to 1. 03 at December 31, 201 3 from 1. 82 at December 31, 201 2 . The allowance to non-performing loans ratio increased to 80.7 at December 31, 201 3 from 65.5 at December 31, 201 2 . DNB continues to work diligently to improve asset quality by adhering to strict underwriting standards and improving lending policies and procedures. Non-performing assets have had , and will continue to have, an impact on earnings; therefore management intends to continue working aggressively to reduce the level of such assets. 

Non-performing assets are comprised of non-accrual loans and leases, loans and leases delinquent over ninety days and still accruing, troubled debt restructurings TDRs as well as Other Real Estate Owned OREO and other repossessed property . Non-accrual loans and leases are loans and leases for which the accrual of interest ceases when the collection of principal or interest payments is determined to be doubtful by management. It is the policy of DNB to discontinue the accrual of interest when principal or interest payments are delinquent 90 days or more (unless the loan principal and interest are determined by management to be fully secured and in the process of collection), or earlier if considered prudent. Interest received on such loans is applied to the principal balance, or may, in some instances, be recognized as income on a cash basis. A non-accrual loan or lease may be restored to accrual status when management expects to collect all contractual principal and interest due and the borrower has demonstrated a sustained period of repayment performance in accordance with the contractual terms. OREO consists of real estate acquired by foreclosure. Other repossessed property are primarily assets from DNB s commercial lease portfolio that were repossessed. OREO and other repossessed property are carried at the lower of cost or estimated fair value, less estimated disposition costs. Any significant change in the level of non-performing assets is dependent, to a large extent, on the economic climate within DNB s market area. DNB s Credit Policy Committee monitors the performance of the loan and lease portfolio to identify potential problem assets on a timely basis. Committee members meet to design, implement and review asset recovery strategies, which serve to maximize the recovery of each troubled asset. As of December 31, 201 3 , DNB had 4.9 million of loans classified as substandard, which, although performing at that date, are believed to require increased supervision and review; and may, depending on the economic environment and other factors, become non-performing assets in future periods. The amount of such loans at December 31, 201 2 was 14.2 million. The majority of the loans are secured by commercial real estate, with lesser amounts being secured by residential real estate, inventory and receivables. 

The following table sets forth those assets that are: (i) placed on non-accrual status, (ii) contractually delinquent by 90 days or more and still accruing, (iii) TDRs other than those included in items (i) and (ii), and (iv) OREO as a result of foreclosure or voluntary transfer to DNB as well as other repossessed property . 

31 

Non-Performing Assets 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Non-accrual loans: 

Residential mortgage 

2,250 

2,196 

1,873 

2,334 

3,081 

Commercial mortgage 

266 

2,804 

2,114 

834 

1,317 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

- 

- 

201 

542 

172 

Commercial construction 

2,554 

4,326 

3,032 

3,180 

4,202 

Lease financing 

- 

28 

61 

273 

157 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

434 

64 

61 

58 

- 

Other 

82 

147 

90 

2 

62 

Total non-accrual loans 

5,586 

9,565 

7,432 

7,223 

8,991 

Loans 90 days past due and still accruing ) 

141 

869 

210 

- 

191 

Total non-performing loans 

5,727 

10,434 

7,642 

7,223 

9,182 

Other real estate owned other repossessed property 

1,096 

1,237 

3,974 

4,324 

4,489 

Total non-performing assets 

6,823 

11,671 

11,616 

11,547 

13,671 

Asset quality ratios: 

Non-performing loans to total loans 

1.38 

2.63 

1.89 

1.82 

2.60 

Non-performing assets to total assets 

1.03 

1.82 

1.91 

1.92 

2.16 

Allowance for credit losses to: 

Total loans and leases 

1.11 

1.72 

1.53 

1.49 

1.52 

Non-performing loans and leases 

80.70 

65.54 

80.70 

81.50 

59.60 

) One loan in 2010 had a balance less than 1,000 

Included in the loan portfolio are loans for which DNB has ceased the accrual of interest (i.e. non-accrual loans). Loans of approximately 5. 6 million and 9.6 million as of December 31, 201 3 and 201 2 , respectively, were on a non-accrual basis. DNB also had loans of approximately 141 ,000 and 869 ,000 that were 90 days or more delinquent, but still accruing, as of December 31, 201 3 and 201 2 , respectively. If contractual interest income had been recorded on non-accrual loans, interest would have been increased as shown in the following table s : 

Year Ended December 31, 2013 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2013 Amount 

Interest income that would have been recorded under original terms 

Interest income recorded during the period 

Net impact on interest income 

Non-accrual loans: 

Residential mortgage 

2,250 

67 

- 

67 

Commercial mortgage 

266 

124 

- 

124 

Commercial: 

- 

Commercial term 

- 

4 

- 

4 

Commercial construction 

2,554 

357 

- 

357 

Lease financing 

- 

1 

- 

1 

Consumer: 

- 

Home equity 

434 

13 

- 

13 

Other 

82 

14 

3 

11 

Total non-accrual loans 

5,586 

580 

3 

577 

Loans 90 days past due and still accruing 

141 

Total non-performing loans 

5,727 

32 

Year Ended December 31, 2013 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2012 Amount 

Interest income that would have been recorded under original terms 

Interest income recorded during the period 

Net impact on interest income 

Non-accrual loans: 

Residential mortgage 

2,196 

62 

- 

62 

Commercial mortgage 

2,804 

180 

159 

21 

Commercial: 

- 

Commercial term 

- 

1 

12 

(11)

Commercial construction 

4,326 

221 

196 

25 

Lease financing 

28 

2 

1 

1 

Consumer: 

- 

Home equity 

64 

8 

2 

6 

Other 

147 

14 

2 

12 

Total non-accrual loans 

9,565 

488 

372 

116 

Loans 90 days past due and still accruing 

869 

Total non-performing loans 

10,434 

4. Allowance for Credit Losses 

To provide for known and inherent losses in the loan and lease portfolios, DNB maintains an allowance for credit losses. Provisions for credit losses are charged against income to increase the allowance when necessary. Loan and lease losses are charged directly against the allowance and recoveries on previously charged-off loans and leases are added to the allowance. In establishing its allowance for credit losses, management considers the size and risk exposure of each segment of the loan and lease portfolio, past loss experience, present indicators of risk such as delinquency rates, levels of non-accruals, the potential for losses in future periods, and other relevant factors. Management s evaluation of criticized and classified loans generally includes reviews of borrowers of 100,000 or greater. Consideration is also given to examinations performed by regulatory agencies, primarily the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC ). 

Management reviews and establishes the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, guidance provided by the Securities and Exchange Commission and as prescribed in OCC Bulletin 2006-47. Its methodology for assessing the appropriateness of the allowance consists of several key elements which include: specific allowances for identified impaired loans; and allowances by loan type for pooled homogenous loans. In considering national and local economic trends, we review a variety of information including Federal Reserve publications, general economic statistics, foreclosure rates and housing statistics published by third parties. We believe this improves the measure of inherent loss over a complete economic cycle and reduces the impact for qualitative adjustments. The unallocated portion of the allowance is intended to provide for probable losses not otherwise accounted for in management s other elements of its overall estimate. An unallocated component is maintained to cover uncertainties such as changes in the national and local economy, concentrations of credit, expansion into new markets and other factors that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general losses in the portfolio. 

In addition, DNB reviews historical loss experience for the commercial real estate, commercial, residential real estate, home equity and consumer installment loan pools to determine a historical loss factor. The historical loss factors are then applied to the current portfolio balances to determine the required reserve percentage for each loan pool based on risk rating. Historical losses are segregated into risk-similar groups and a loss ratio is determined for each group over a three year period. The three year average loss ratio by type is then used to calculate the estimated loss based on the current balance of each group. This three year time period is appropriate given DNB s historical level of losses and, more importantly, represents the current economic environment. 

This analysis is intended to assess the potential for loss within the loan portfolio and to substantiate the adequacy of the allowance. Should the analysis indicate that the allowance is not adequate, management will recommend a provision expense be made in an amount equal to the shortfall derived. In establishing and reviewing the allowance for adequacy, emphasis has been placed on utilizing the methodology prescribed in OCC Bulletin 2006-47. Management believes that the following factors create a comprehensive system of controls in which management can monitor the quality of the loan portfolio. Consideration has been given to the following factors and variables which may influence the risk of loss within the loan portfolio: 

Changes in the nature and volume of the portfolio and in the terms of loans 

33 

Changes in the volume and severity of past due loans, the volume of non-accrual loans, and the volume and severity of adversely classified or graded loans 

The existence and effect of any concentrations of credit, and changes in the level of such concentrations 

Changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and collection, charge-off, and recovery practices not considered elsewhere in estimating credit losses 

Changes in the experience, ability, and depth of lending management and other relevant staff 

Changes in the quality of the institution s loan review system 

Changes in international, national, regional, and local economic and business conditions and developments that affect the collectability of the portfolio, including the condition of various market segments 

The effect of other external factors such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements on the level of estimated credit losses in the institution s existing portfolio 

Changes in the value of underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans 

Portfolio risk includes the levels and trends in delinquencies, impaired loans, changes in the loan rating matrix and trends in volume and terms of loans. Management is satisfied with the stability of the past due and non-performing loans and be lieves there has been no decline in the quality of the loan portfolio due to any trend in delinquent or adversely classified loans. In determining the adequacy of the allowance , management considers any deterioration of asset quality in DNB s commercial mortgage and residential first mortgage portfolios, which were factors contributing to the increase in the level of allowance during 2012 . In addition to ordering new appraisals and creating specific reserves on impaired loans, the allowance allocation rates were increased, reflective of delinquency trends which have been caused by continued weakness in the housing markets, falling home equity values, and rising unemployment. New appraisal values we have obtained for existing loans have generally been consistent with trends indicated by Case-Schiller and other indices. 

Given the contraction in real estate values, DNB closely monitors the loan to value ratios of all classified assets and requires periodic current appraisals to monitor underlying collateral values. Management also reviews borrower, sponsorship and guarantor s financial strength along with their ability and willingness to provide financial support of their obligations on an immediate and continuing basis. 

The provision increased to 2.5 million in 2013 compared to 1.5 million in 2012. DNB s percentage of allowance for credit losses to total loans and leases was 1.11 at December 31, 2013 compared to 1.72 , 1.53 and 1.49 f or the years ended December 31 , 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The allowance as a percentage of total loans and leases had increased during the three years ended December 31, 2012 and declined during the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase in this ratio during the three years ended December 31, 2012 was due to an increase in non-performing loans during the same period 10.4 million, 7.6 million and 7.2 million at December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively). The decline during the year ended December 31, 2013 was a result of management partially charging off the carrying balance of four large non-performing loans by 4.0 million. Prior to the partial charge-offs of these loans, DNB had specific reserves in the allowance of 1.9 million on these loans. Net charge-offs were 4.7 million in 2013 , compared to 781,000 and 1.2 million in 201 2 and 201 1 , respectively. The percentage of net charge-offs to total average loans and leases was 1.20 , 0.20 and 0.29 during the three years ending December 31, 201 3 , 201 2 and 201 1 , respectively. Management is not aware of any potential problem loans, which were accruing and current at December 31, 201 3 , where serious doubt exists as to the ability of the borrower to comply with the present repayment terms and that would result in a significant loss to DNB. 

We typically establish a general valuation allowance on classified loans which are not impaired. In establishing the general valuation allowance, we segregate these loans by category. The categories used by DNB include doubtful, substandard, special mention, watch list and pass. For commercial and construction loans, the determination of the category for each loan is based on periodic reviews of each loan by our lending and credit officers as well as an independent, third party consultant. The reviews include a consideration of such factors as recent payment history, current financial data, cash flow, financial projections, collateral evaluations, guarantor or sponsorship financial strength and current economic and business conditions. Categories for mortgage and consumer loans are determined through a similar review. Classification of a loan within a category is based on identified weaknesses that increase the credit risk of loss on the loan. Each category carries a loss factor for the allowance percentage to be assigned to the loans within that category. The allowance percentage, is determined based on inherent losses associated with each type of lending as determined through consideration of our loss 

34 

history with each type of loan, trends in credit quality and collateral values, and an evaluation of current economic and business conditions. 

We establish a general allowance on non-classified loans to recognize the inherent losses associated with lending activities, but which, unlike specific allowances, have not been allocated to particular problem loans. This general valuation allowance is determined by segregating the loans by loan category and assigning allowance percentages to each category. An evaluation of each category is made to determine the need to further segregate the loans within each category by type. For our residential mortgage and consumer loan portfolios, we identify similar characteristics throughout the portfolio including credit scores, loan-to-value ratios and collateral. For our commercial real estate and construction loan portfolios, a further analysis is made in which we segregated the loans by type based on the purpose of the loan and the collateral properties securing the loan. Various risk factors for each type of loan are considered, including the impact of general economic and business conditions, collateral value trends, credit quality trends and historical loss experience. 

As of December 31, 201 3 , DNB had 6.8 million of non-performing assets, which included 5.7 million of non-performing loans and 1. 1 million of OREO. Loans are reviewed for impairment in accordance with FASB ASC 310-10-35. Impaired loans can either be secured or unsecured, not including large groups of smaller balance loans that are collectively evaluated. Impairment is measured by the difference between the loan amount and the present value of the future cash flow discounted at the loan s effective interest rate. Management measures loans for impairment by using the fair value of collateral for collateral dependent loans. In general, management reduces the amount of the appraisal by the estimated cost of acquisition and disposition of the underlying collateral and compares that adjusted value with DNB s carrying value. As part of the general allowance, DNB reserves at the rate of approximately 6 to 10 on non-performing loans. DNB establishes a specific valuation allowance on impaired loans that have a collateral shortfall, including estimated costs to sell in comparison to the carrying value of the loan. Of the 7.9 million of impaired loans at December 31, 201 3 , 2.1 million had a valuation allowance of 379 ,000 and 5.8 million had no specific allowance. For those impaired loans that management determined that no specific valuation allowance was necessary, management has reviewed the appraisal for each loan and determined that there is no shortfall in the collateral. During the year ended December 31, 201 3 , we recognized 4.8 million in charge-offs related to impaired loans. 

We typically order new third party appraisals or collateral valuations when a loan becomes impaired or is transferred to OREO. This is done within two weeks of a loan becoming impaired or a loan moving to OREO. It generally takes two to eight weeks to receive the appraisals, depending on the type of property being appraised. We recognize any provision or related charge-off within two weeks of receiving the appraisal after the appraisal has been reviewed by DNB. We generally order a new appraisal for all impaired real estate loans having a balance of 100,000 or higher, every twelve months, unless management determines more frequent appraisals are necessary. We use updated valuations when time constraints do not permit a full appraisal process, to reflect rapidly changing market conditions. Because appraisals and updated valuations utilize historical data in reaching valuation conclusions, the appraised or updated value may or may not reflect the actual sales price that we will receive at the time of sale. Management uses the qualitative factor Changes in the value of underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans to calculate any required write-down to mitigate this risk. 

Real estate appraisals typically include up to three approaches to value: the sales comparison approach, the income approach (for income producing property) and the cost approach. Not all appraisals utilize all three approaches to value. Depending on the nature of the collateral and market conditions, the appraiser may emphasize one approach over another in determining the fair value of collateral. 

Appraisals may also contain different estimates of value based on the level of occupancy or future improvements. As-is valuations represent an estimate of value based on current market conditions with no changes to the collateral s use or condition. As-stabilized or as-completed valuations assume that the collateral is improved to a stated standard or achieves its highest and best use in terms of occupancy. As-stabilized valuations may be subject to a present value adjustment for market conditions or the schedule for improvements. 

In connection with the valuation process, we will typically develop an exit strategy for the collateral by assessing overall market conditions, the current condition and use of the asset and its highest and best use. For most income producing real estate, investors value most highly a stable income stream from the asset; consequently, we conduct a comparative evaluation to determine whether conducting a sale on an as-is basis or on an as-stabilized basis is most likely to produce the highest net realizable value and compare these values with the costs incurred and the holding period necessary to achieve the as stabilized value. 

Our estimates of the net realizable value of collateral include a deduction for the expected costs to sell the collateral or such other deductions as deemed appropriate. For most real estate collateral, we apply a seven to ten percent deduction to the value of real estate collateral to determine its expected costs to sell the asset. This estimate generally includes real estate 

35 

commissions, one year of real estate taxes and miscellaneous repair and closing costs. If we receive a purchase offer that requires unbudgeted repairs, or if the expected holding period for the asset exceeds one year, then we include the additional real estate taxes and repairs or other holding costs in the expected costs to sell the collateral on a case-by-case basis. 

Analysis of Allowance for Credit Losses 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Beginning balance 

6,838 

6,164 

5,884 

5,477 

4,586 

Provisions 

2,530 

1,455 

1,480 

2,216 

1,325 

Loans charged off: 

Residential mortgage 

(183)

(99)

(280)

(520)

(390)

Commercial mortgage 

(716)

- 

(51)

- 

- 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

(247)

(38)

(717)

(132)

(99)

Commercial construction 

(3,648)

(848)

- 

(445)

- 

Lease financing 

(26)

(1)

(200)

(548)

(61)

Consumer: 

Home equity 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other 

(70)

(31)

(64)

(210)

(45)

Total charged off 

(4,890)

(1,017)

(1,312)

(1,855)

(595)

Recoveries: 

Residential mortgage 

80 

21 

79 

15 

31 

Commercial mortgage 

- 

- 

- 

- 

93 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

5 

115 

9 

11 

24 

Commercial construction 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Lease financing 

59 

72 

3 

20 

12 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other 

1 

28 

21 

- 

1 

Total recoveries 

145 

236 

112 

46 

161 

Net charge-offs 

(4,745)

(781)

(1,200)

(1,809)

(434)

Ending balance 

4,623 

6,838 

6,164 

5,884 

5,477 

Reserve for unfunded loan commitments 

143 

125 

99 

150 

149 

Ratio of net charge-offs to average loans 

1.20 

0.20 

0.29 

0.49 

0.13 

36 

The following table sets forth the composition of DNB s allowance for credit losses at the dates indicated. 

Composition of Allowance for Credit Losses 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

2009 

Percent of 

Percent of 

Percent of 

Percent of 

Percent of 

Loan Type 

Loan Type 

Loan Type 

Loan Type 

Loan Type 

to Total 

to Total 

to Total 

to Total 

to Total 

Amount 

Loans 

Amount 

Loans 

Amount 

Loans 

Amount 

Loans 

Amount 

Loans 

Residential mortgage 

285 

6 

306 

6 

383 

6 

454 

8 

648 

11 

Commercial mortgage 

2,195 

56 

3,094 

59 

3,442 

58 

2,682 

55 

1,904 

48 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

658 

21 

506 

21 

474 

19 

634 

18 

438 

15 

Commercial construction 

784 

5 

1,536 

3 

1,029 

6 

1,071 

7 

1,458 

9 

Lease financing 

- 

- 

3 

- 

10 

- 

86 

0 

150 

1 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

184 

10 

178 

9 

165 

4 

113 

4 

78 

5 

Other 

79 

2 

86 

2 

95 

7 

369 

8 

395 

11 

Unallocated 

438 

- 

1,129 

- 

566 

- 

475 

- 

406 

- 

Total 

4,623 

100 

6,838 

100 

6,164 

100 

5,884 

100 

5,477 

100 

Reserve for unfunded loan 

commitments (other 

liability) 

143 

- 

125 

- 

99 

- 

150 

- 

149 

- 

5. Certain Regulatory Matters 

Dividends payable to DNB by the Bank are subject to certain regulatory limitations. Under normal circumstances, the payment of dividends in any year without regulatory permission is limited to the net profits (as defined for regulatory purposes) for that year, plus the retained net profits for the preceding two calendar years. The sum of these items amounted to 11. 4 million f or the year ended December 31, 201 3 . During 201 3 , the Bank paid 590 ,000 to DNB. During 201 4 , the Bank will need to provide dividends to DNB in connection with the 13.0 million of Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock sold on August 4, 2011 as part of the Small Business Lending Fund program administered by the United States Treasury. 

The FDIC has authority to assess and change federal deposit insurance assessment rates based on average consolidated assets, less tangible equity capital of the Bank. For further information, please refer to the discussion of FDIC deposit insurance assessments under Part I, Item 1 Business ), section (c) Narrative Description of Business Supervision and Regulation Bank under the heading Deposit Insurance Assessments on page 8 of this report. DNB s FDIC insurance expense was 512 ,000 in 201 3 . 

DNB was well capitalized at December 31, 201 3 and met all regulatory capital requirements. Please refer to Note 16 for a table that summarizes required capital ratios and the corresponding regulatory capital positions of DNB and the Bank at December 31, 201 3 . 

At December 31, 201 3 , DNB owned 1.7 million of stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh FHLBP and had outstanding borrowings of 1 0.0 million from the FHLBP. The FHLBP stock entitles DNB to dividends from the FHLBP. DNB recognized dividend income of 15 ,000 in 201 3 . At December 31, 201 3 , DNB's excess borrowing capacity from the FHLBP was 203.7 million. Generally, the loan terms from the FHLBP are better than the terms DNB can receive from other sources. 

6. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

In the normal course of business, various commitments and contingent liabilities are outstanding, such as guarantees and commitments to extend credit, borrow money or act in a fiduciary capacity, which are not reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Management does not anticipate any significant losses as a result of these commitments. 

37 

DNB had outstanding stand-by letters of credit totaling 1.5 million and unfunded loan and lines of credit commitments totaling 89.4 million at December 31, 201 3 . 

These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized on the balance sheet. The exposure to credit loss, in the event of non-performance by the party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and stand-by letters of credit, is represented by the contractual amount. Management uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require the payment of a fee. DNB evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral, if any, obtained upon the extension of credit, usually consists of real estate, but may include securities, property or other assets. 

Stand-by letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by DNB to guarantee the performance or repayment of a financial obligation of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The credit risks involved in issuing letters of credit are essentially the same as those involved in extending loan facilities to customers. DNB holds various forms of collateral to support these commitments. 

DNB maintains borrowing arrangements with various correspondent banks, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh and the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia to meet short-term liquidity needs. Through these relationships, DNB has available credit of approximately 236.7 million at December 31, 201 3 . At December 31, 201 3 , DNB had borrowed 1 0.0 million and the FHLBP had issued letters of credit, on DNB s behalf, totaling 20.0 million against its available credit lines. 

As of December 31, 201 3 , approximately 148.2 million of assets are held by DNB First Wealth Management in a fiduciary, custody or agency capacity. These assets are not assets of DNB, and are not included in the consolidated financial statements. 

Off Balance Sheet Obligations 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Expiration by Period 

Less than 

1-3 

3-5 

More than 

Total 

1 Year 

Years 

Years 

5 Years 

Commitments to extend credit 

89,448 

14,407 

7,465 

1,991 

65,585 

Letters of credit 

1,497 

1,366 

83 

22 

26 

Total 

90,945 

15,773 

7,548 

2,013 

65,611 

For detailed information regarding FHLBP Advances and Short Term Borrowed Funds , see Note 7 to our Consolidated Financial Statements beginning at page 6 0 . 

The following table sets forth DNB s known contractual obligations as of December 31, 201 3 . The amounts presented below do not include interest. 

Contractual Obligations 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Payments Due by Period 

Less than 

1-3 

3-5 

More than 

Total 

1 Year 

Years 

Years 

5 Years 

FHLBP advances 

10,000 

- 

10,000 

- 

- 

Repurchase agreements 

19,854 

19,854 

- 

- 

- 

Capital lease obligations 

540 

35 

87 

113 

305 

Operating lease obligations 

4,692 

648 

1,113 

1,022 

1,909 

Junior subordinated debentures 

9,279 

- 

- 

- 

9,279 

Total 

44,365 

20,537 

11,200 

1,135 

11,493 

During 201 4 , the Bank will need to provide dividends to DNB in connection with the 13.0 million of Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock sold on August 4, 2011 as part of the Small Business Lending Fund program administered by the United States Treasury. These payments are not included in the preceding table. 

38 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

To measure the impacts of longer-term asset and liability mismatches beyond two years, DNB utilizes Key Rate Duration and Economic Value of Equity EVE models. The Key Rate Duration measures the differences in durations in various maturity buckets and indicates potential asset and liability mismatches. Because of balance sheet optionality, an EVE analysis is also used to dynamically model the present value of asset and liability cash flows, with rates ranging up or down 200 basis points. The economic value of equity is likely to be different if rates change. Results falling outside prescribed ranges require action by management. At December 31, 201 3 and 201 2 , DNB s variance in the economic value of equity as a percentage of assets with an instantaneous and sustained parallel shift of 200 basis points was within its negative 3 guideline, as shown in the following table below. The change as a percentage of the present value of equity with a 200 basis point increase or decrease at December 31, 201 3 and 201 2 was within DNB s negative 25 guideline. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2013 

December 31, 2012 

Change in rates 

Flat 

200bp 

+200bp 

Flat 

200bp 

+200bp 

EVE 

71,853 

73,065 

62,246 

65,903 

61,701 

54,711 

Change 

1,212 

(9,607)

(4,202)

(11,192)

Change as a of assets 

0.2 

(1.5) 

(0.7) 

(1.7) 

Change as a of PV equity 

1.7 

(13.4) 

(6.4) 

(17.0) 

39 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

DNB F INANCIAL C ORPORATION AND S UBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 

(Dollars in thousands, except share data) 

December 31 

2013 

2012 

Assets 

Cash and due from banks 

32,710 

17,149 

Federal Funds Sold 

1,350 

- 

Cash and cash equivalents 

34,060 

17,149 

Available-for-sale investment securities at fair value (amortized cost of 124,118 and 134,035) 

121,659 

135,288 

Held-to-maturity investment securities (fair value of 63,402 and 68,307) 

65,299 

66,024 

Total investment securities 

186,958 

201,312 

Loans and leases 

415,354 

396,498 

Allowance for credit losses 

(4,623)

(6,838)

Net loans and leases 

410,731 

389,660 

Restricted stock 

2,903 

3,426 

Office property and equipment, net 

8,218 

8,456 

Accrued interest receivable 

2,297 

2,470 

Other real estate owned other repossessed property 

1,096 

1,237 

Bank owned life insurance (BOLI) 

8,863 

8,625 

Core deposit intangible 

111 

181 

Net deferred taxes 

3,788 

3,561 

Other assets 

2,448 

3,491 

Total assets 

661,473 

639,568 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Liabilities 

Non-interest-bearing deposits 

101,853 

85,055 

Interest-bearing deposits: 

NOW 

170,427 

161,844 

Money market 

130,835 

122,953 

Savings 

60,090 

58,256 

Time 

95,542 

102,316 

Total deposits 

558,747 

530,424 

Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh (FHLBP) advances 

10,000 

20,000 

Repurchase agreements 

19,854 

17,014 

Junior subordinated debentures 

9,279 

9,279 

Other borrowings 

541 

571 

Total borrowings 

39,674 

46,864 

Accrued interest payable 

376 

421 

Other liabilities 

4,093 

5,154 

Total liabilities 

602,890 

582,863 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 

- 

- 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred stock, 10.00 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; 1,000 liquidation preference per share; 13,000 shares issued and outstanding 

12,995 

12,978 

Common stock, 1.00 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; 2,896,703 and 2,882,503 issued, respectively 

2,910 

2,899 

Treasury stock, at cost; 142,772 and 162,803 shares, respectively 

(2,629)

(2,999)

Surplus 

34,441 

34,274 

Retained earnings 

13,239 

10,236 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net 

(2,373)

(683)

Total stockholders equity 

58,583 

56,705 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

661,473 

639,568 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

40 

DNB F INANCIAL C ORPORATION AND S UBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Income 

(Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31 

2013 

2012 

Interest and Dividend Income: 

Interest and fees on loans and leases 

19,183 

21,921 

Interest and dividends on investment securities: 

Taxable 

2,861 

3,163 

Exempt from federal taxes 

1,098 

604 

Interest on cash and cash equivalents 

70 

41 

Total interest and dividend income 

23,212 

25,729 

Interest Expense: 

Interest on NOW, money market and savings 

740 

901 

Interest on time deposits 

1,071 

1,531 

Interest on FHLBP advances 

653 

848 

Interest on repurchase agreements 

45 

71 

Interest on junior subordinated debentures 

303 

324 

Interest on other borrowings 

76 

80 

Total interest expense 

2,888 

3,755 

Net interest income 

20,324 

21,974 

Provision for credit losses 

2,530 

1,455 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses 

17,794 

20,519 

Non-interest Income: 

Service charges 

1,307 

1,359 

Wealth management 

1,247 

1,033 

Increase in cash surrender value of BOLI 

238 

242 

Gains on sale of investment securities, net 

610 

418 

Gains on sale of loans 

162 

158 

Other fees 

1,231 

1,318 

Total non-interest income 

4,795 

4,528 

Non-interest Expense: 

Salaries and employee benefits 

9,437 

9,009 

Furniture and equipment 

1,143 

1,234 

Occupancy 

2,011 

1,899 

Professional and consulting 

1,163 

1,292 

Advertising and marketing 

642 

584 

Printing and supplies 

149 

163 

FDIC insurance 

512 

470 

PA shares tax 

620 

566 

Telecommunications 

231 

211 

(Gain) loss on sale or write down of OREO 

(106)

440 

Other expenses 

1,648 

1,834 

Total non-interest expense 

17,450 

17,702 

Income before income tax expense 

5,139 

7,345 

Income tax expense 

1,220 

2,106 

Net income 

3,919 

5,239 

Preferred stock dividends and accretion of discount 

148 

332 

Net income available to common stockholders 

3,771 

4,907 

Earnings per common share: 

Basic 

1.38 

1.81 

Diluted 

1.36 

1.79 

Cash dividends per common share 

0.28 

0.20 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

2,742,417 

2,710,819 

Diluted 

2,780,752 

2,739,954 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

41 

DNB F INANCIAL C ORPORATION AND S UBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

D ollars in thousands) 

Year Ended 

December 31 

2013 

2012 

Net income 

3,919 

5,239 

Other comprehensive (loss) income: 

Unrealized holding (losses) gains on AFS security investments arising during the period 

Before tax amount 

(3,102)

1,684 

Tax effect 

1,055 

(572)

Net of tax 

(2,047)

1,112 

Accretion of discount on AFS to HTM reclassification 

Before tax amount 

22 

38 

Tax effect 

(7)

(13)

Net of tax 

15 

25 

Less reclassification for gains on AFS securities included in net income 

Before tax amount 

(610)

(418)

Tax effect 

207 

142 

Net of tax 

(403)

(276)

Other comprehensive (loss) income - securities 

(2,435)

861 

Unrealized actuarial gains (losses) - pension 

Before tax amount 

1,129 

(103)

Tax effect 

(384)

35 

Other comprehensive income (loss) - pension 

745 

(68)

Total other comprehensive (loss) income 

(1,690)

793 

Total comprehensive income 

2,229 

6,032 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

42 

DNB F INANCIAL C ORPORATION AND S UBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Accumulated 

Other 

Compre- 

Preferred 

Common 

Treasury 

Retained 

hensive 

Stock 

Stock 

Stock 

Surplus 

Earnings 

Loss 

Total 

Balance at January 1, 2012 

12,962 

2,891 

(3,471)

34,279 

5,871 

(1,476)

51,056 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

5,239 

- 

5,239 

Other comprehensive income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

793 

793 

SBLF issuance costs accretion to liquidation value 

16 

- 

- 

- 

(16)

- 

- 

Restricted stock compensation expense 

- 

8 

- 

66 

- 

- 

74 

Stock option compensation 

- 

- 

- 

69 

- 

- 

69 

Cash dividends - common 0.20 per share) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(543)

- 

(543)

Cash dividends SBLF preferred 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(315)

- 

(315)

Sale of treasury shares to 401(k) (16,452 shares) 

- 

- 

358 

(140)

- 

- 

218 

Sale of treasury shares to deferred comp. plan (8,399 shares) 

- 

- 

114 

- 

- 

- 

114 

Balance at December 31, 2012 

12,978 

2,899 

(2,999)

34,274 

10,236 

(683)

56,705 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

3,919 

- 

3,919 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(1,690)

(1,690)

SBLF issuance costs accretion to liquidation value 

17 

- 

- 

- 

(17)

- 

- 

Restricted stock compensation expense 

- 

11 

- 

125 

- 

- 

136 

Stock option compensation 

- 

- 

- 

68 

- 

- 

68 

Cash dividends - common 0.28 per share) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(768)

- 

(768)

Cash dividends SBLF preferred 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(131)

- 

(131)

Sale of treasury shares to 401(k) (13,396 shares) 

- 

- 

247 

(17)

- 

- 

230 

Sale of treasury shares to deferred comp. plan (6,635 shares) 

- 

- 

123 

(9)

- 

- 

114 

Balance at December 31, 2013 

12,995 

2,910 

(2,629)

34,441 

13,239 

(2,373)

58,583 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

43 

DNB F INANCIAL C ORPORATION AND S UBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

D ollars in thousands) 

Year Ended 

December 31 

2013 

2012 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net income 

3,919 

5,239 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation, amortization and accretion 

2,103 

1,985 

Provision for credit losses 

2,530 

1,455 

Stock based compensation 

204 

143 

Net gain on sale of securities 

(610)

(418)

Net (gain) loss on sale and write down of OREO and other repossessed property 

(106)

440 

Earnings from investment in BOLI 

(238)

(242)

Deferred taxes 

644 

(355)

Proceeds from sales of SBA loans 

2,740 

3,013 

SBA loans originated for sale 

(2,578)

(2,855)

Gain on sale of SBA loans 

(162)

(158)

Decrease in accrued interest receivable 

173 

66 

Decrease (increase) in other assets 

1,050 

(821)

Decrease in accrued interest payable 

(45)

(23)

Increase in other liabilities 

68 

779 

Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities 

9,692 

8,248 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Activity in available-for-sale securities: 

Sales 

39,311 

19,683 

Maturities, repayments and calls 

34,109 

43,325 

Purchases 

(64,044)

(90,138)

Activity in held-to-maturity securities: 

Maturities, repayments and calls 

5,472 

7,034 

Purchases 

(4,714)

(36,672)

Net decrease in restricted stock 

523 

198 

Net (increase) decrease in loans and leases 

(26,765)

6,055 

Purchases of property and equipment 

(663)

(1,548)

Proceeds from disposals of property and equipment 

1 

5 

Proceeds from sale of OREO and other repossessed property 

3,411 

2,647 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

(13,359)

(49,411)

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Net increase in deposits 

28,323 

32,879 

Repayment of FHLBP advances 

(10,000)

- 

Net increase (decrease) in short term repurchase agreements 

2,840 

(6,756)

Decrease in other borrowings 

(30)

(27)

Dividends paid 

(899)

(993)

Sale of treasury stock, net 

344 

332 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

20,578 

25,435 

Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

16,911 

(15,728)

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period 

17,149 

32,877 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period 

34,060 

17,149 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

2,933 

3,778 

Income taxes 

1,578 

1,735 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Flow Information: 

Transfers from loans and leases to real estate owned and other repossessed property 

3,164 

350 

Business combinations: 

Non-cash assets acquired: 

Loans and leases 

- 

66 

Property and equipment 

- 

686 

Total non-cash assets acquired 

- 

752 

Liabilities assumed: 

Accrued interest payable 

- 

(5)

Deposits 

- 

15,861 

Total liabilities assumed 

- 

15,856 

Net non-cash liabilities assumed: 

- 

15,104 

Core deposit intangible 

- 

130 

Net cash and cash equivalents acquired 

- 

15,234 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

44 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

DNB Financial Corporation (the Corporation or DNB through its wholly owned subsidiary, DNB First, National Association (the Bank ), formerly Downingtown National Bank, has been serving individuals and small to medium sized businesses of Chester County, Pennsylvania since 1860. DNB Capital Trust I and II are special purpose Delaware business trusts, which are not consolidated as they are considered variable interest entities and the Corporation is not the primary beneficiary (see additional discussion in Junior Subordinated Debentures Note 9). The Bank is a locally managed commercial bank providing personal and commercial loans and deposit products, in addition to investment and trust services from thirteen community offices. The Bank encounters vigorous competition for market share from commercial banks, thrift institutions, credit unions and other financial intermediaries. 

The consolidated financial statements of DNB and its subsidiary, the Bank, which together are managed as a single operating segment ("Community Banking") , are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles applicable to the banking industry. 

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the balance sheets, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Amounts subject to significant estimates are items such as the allowance for credit losses and lending related commitments, the fair value of repossessed assets, pension and post-retirement obligations, the fair value of financial instruments and other-than-temporary impairments. Among other effects, such changes could result in future impairments of investment securities, and establishment of allowances for credit losses and lending related commitments as well as increased benefit plans expenses. 

Principles of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of DNB and its wholly owned subsidiary, the Bank. All significant inter company transactions have been eliminated. 

Cash and Due From Banks For purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and due from banks, and federal funds sold are considered to be cash equivalents. Generally, federal funds are sold for one-day periods. 

Investment Securities Investment securities are classified at the time of purchase and accounted for as follows: 

Held-To-Maturity HTM includes debt securities that DNB has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity. Debt securities are reported at cost, adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts. 

Available-For-Sale AFS includes debt and equity securities not classified as HTM securities. Securities classified as AFS are securities that DNB intends to hold for an indefinite period of time, but not necessarily to maturity. Such securities are reported at fair value, with unrealized holding gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported, net of tax (if applicable), as a separate component of stockholders equity. Realized gains and losses on the sale of AFS securities are computed on the basis of specific identification of the adjusted cost of each security. Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts for all types of securities are computed using a level yield basis. 

Other Than Temporary Impairment ("OTTI") Analysis Securities are evaluated on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when market conditions warrant such an evaluation, to determine whether declines in their value are other-than-temporary. To determine whether a loss in value is other-than-temporary, management utilizes criteria such as the reasons underlying the decline, the magnitude and duration of the decline, and whether or not management intends to sell or expects that it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security prior to an anticipated recovery of the fair value. Once a decline in value for a debt security is determined to be other-than-temporary, the other-than-temporary impairment is separated into (a) the amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to a decrease in cash flows expected to be collected from the debt security (the credit loss) and (b) the amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to all other factors. The amount of the total impairment related to credit losses should be included in earnings. The amount of the total impairment related to all other factors should be included in other comprehensive income. DNB recorded no impairment charges in 201 3 or 201 2 . 

Restricted Stock Restricted investment in bank stocks consist of Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank FRB stock, Pittsburgh Federal Home Loan Bank FHLBP stock, and Atlantic Central Bankers Bank ACBB stock. Federal law requires a member institution of the district FRB and FHLB to hold stock according to predetermined formulas. Atlantic Central Bankers Bank requires its correspondent banking institutions to hold stock as a condition of membership. The restricted 

45 

investment in bank stock is carried at cost. Quarterly, we evaluate the bank stocks for impairment. We evaluate recent and long-term operating performance, liquidity, funding and capital positions, stock repurchase history, dividend history, and impact of legislative and regulatory changes. The FHLBP repurchased 523,000 and 288,000 of excess capital stock during 2013 and 2012, respe ctively. At December 31, 201 3 , DNB owned 1.7 million of stock of the FHLBP , 1.1 million of stock of the FRB and 106,000 of stock of ACBB . 

Loans and Leases Loans receivable that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff are stated at their outstanding unpaid principal balances, net of an allowance for credit losses and any deferred fees or costs. Interest income is accrued on the unpaid principal balance. Loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, are deferred and recognized as an adjustment of the yield (interest income) of the related loans. DNB is generally amortizing these amounts over the contractual life of the loan. Premiums and discounts on purchased loans are amortized as adjustments to interest income using the effective yield method. 

The loans receivable portfolio is segmented into residential mortgage loans, commercial mortgage loans, commercial loans (which consist of commercial term loans and commercial construction loans), leases, and consumer loans (which consist of home equity loans and other consumer loans.) 

For all classes of loans receivable, the accrual of interest is generally discontinued when the contractual payment of principal or interest has become 90 days past due or management has serious doubts about further collectability of principal or interest, even though the loan is currently performing. A loan may remain on accrual status if it is in the process of collection and is either guaranteed or well secured. When a loan or lease is placed on non-accrual, interest accruals cease and uncollected accrued interest is reversed and charged against current income. Interest received on nonaccrual loans , including impaired loans , generally is either applied against principal or reported as interest income, according to management s judgment as to the collectability of principal. Generally, loans are restored to accrual status when the obligation is brought current, has performed in accordance with the contractual terms for a reasonable period of time (generally six months) and the ultimate collectability of the total contractual principal and interest is no longer in doubt. The past due status of all classes of loans receivable is determined based on contractual due dates for loan payments. 

Deferred Loan Fees and Costs Loan origination and commitment fees and related direct-loan origination costs of completed loans are deferred and accreted to income as a yield adjustment over the life of the loan using the level yield method. The accretion to income is discontinued when a loan is placed on non-accrual status. When a loan is paid off, any unamortized net deferred fee balance is credited to income. When a loan is sold, any unamortized net deferred fee balance is considered in the calculation of gain or loss. 

Allowance for Credit Losses The allowance for credit losses consists of the allowance for loan losses and represents management s estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date and is recorded as a reduction to loans. The allowance for credit losses is increased by the provision for loan losses, and decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries. Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance for loan losses, and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. All, or part, of the principal balance of loans receivable are charged off to the allowance as soon as it is determined that the repayment of all, or part, of the principal balance is highly unlikely. Non-residential consumer loans are generally charged off no later than 120 days past due on a contractual basis, earlier in the event of Bankruptcy, or if there is an amount deemed uncollectible. No portion of the allowance for loan losses is restricted to any individual loan or groups of loans, and the entire allowance is available to absorb any and all loan losses. 

The allowance for credit losses is maintained at a level considered adequate to provide for losses that can be reasonably anticipated. Management performs a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance. The allowance is based on DNB s past loan loss experience, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 

The allowance consists of specific, general and unallocated components. The specific component relates to loans that are classified as impaired. For loans that are classified as impaired, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The general component covers pools of loans by loan class including commercial loans not considered impaired, as well as smaller balance homogeneous loans, such as residential real estate, home equity and other consumer loans. These pools of loans are evaluated for loss exposure, based upon historical loss rates for each of these categories of loans, adjusted for qualitative factors. These qualitative risk factors include: 

1. Lending policies and procedures, including underwriting standards and collection, charge-off and recovery practices 

46 

2. National, regional, and local economic and business conditions as well as the condition of various market segments, including the value of underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans 

3. Nature and volume of the portfolio and terms of loans 

4. Experience, ability, and depth of lending management and staff 

5. Volume and severity of past due, classified and nonaccrual loans as well as other loan modifications 

6. Quality of DNB s loan review system, and the degree of oversight by DNB s Board of Directors 

7. Existence and effect of any concentrations of credit and changes in the level of such concentrations 

8. Effect of external factors, such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements 

9. Changes in the value of underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans 

Each factor is assigned a value to reflect improving, stable or declining conditions based on management s best judgment using relevant information available at the time of the evaluation. Adjustments to the factors are supported through documentation of changes in conditions in a narrative accompanying the allowance for credit loss calculation. 

Commercial real estate lending entails significant additional risks as compared with single family residential property lending. Such loans typically involve large loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. The payment experience on such loans is typically dependent on the successful operation of the real estate project. The success of such projects is sensitive to changes in supply and demand conditions in the market for commercial real estate as well as economic conditions generally. 

Commercial loans , which are also referred to as commercial and industrial loans C I loans , include advances to businesses for general commercial purposes and include permanent and short-term working capital, machinery and equipment financing, and may be either in the form of lines of credit or term loans. Although C I loans may be unsecured to our highest rated borrowers, the majority of these loans are secured by the borrower s accounts receivable, inventory and machinery and equipment. In a significant number of these loans, the collateral also includes the business real estate or the business owner s personal real estate or assets. C I loans present credit exposure to DNB, as they are more susceptible to risk of loss during a downturn in the economy, as borrowers may have greater difficulty in meeting their debt service requirements and the value of the collateral may decline. DNB attempts to mitigate this risk through its underwriting standards, including evaluating the credit worthiness of the borrower and to the extent available, credit ratings on the business. Additionally, monitoring of the loans through annual renewals and meetings with the borrowers are typical. However, these procedures cannot eliminate the risk of loss associated with this type of lending. 

Construction lending is generally considered to involve a higher level of risk as compared to single family residential lending, due to the concentration of principal in a limited number of loans and borrowers and the effects of general economic conditions on developers and builders. Moreover, a construction loan can involve additional risks because of the inherent difficulty in estimating both a property s value at completion of the project and the estimated cost (including interest) of the project. The nature of these loans is such that they are generally more difficult to evaluate and monitor. DNB has attempted to minimize the foregoing risks by, among other things, limiting the extent of its construction lending and has adopted underwriting guidelines which impose stringent loan-to-value, debt service and other requirements for loans which are believed to involve higher elements of credit risk, by limiting the geographic area in which DNB will do business and by working with builders with whom it has established relationships. 

Consumer loans generally have shorter terms and higher interest rates than mortgage loans but generally involve more credit risk than mortgage loans because of the type and nature of the collateral and, in certain cases, the absence of collateral. In addition, consumer lending collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and thus are more likely to be adversely effected by job loss, divorce, illness and personal bankruptcy. In most cases, any repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan will not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance because of improper repair and maintenance of the underlying security. The remaining deficiency often does not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower. DNB believes that the generally higher yields earned on consumer loans compensate for the increased credit risk associated with such loans and that consumer loans are important to its efforts to provide a full range of services to its customers. 

47 

An unallocated component is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general losses in the portfolio. 

A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that DNB will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on a loan by loan basis for commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans and commercial construction loans by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. An allowance for credit losses is established for an impaired loan if its carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. The estimated fair values of substantially all of DNB s impaired loans are measured based on the estimated fair value of the loan s collateral. 

For commercial loans secured by real estate, estimated fair values are determined primarily through third party appraisals. When a real estate secured loan becomes impaired, a decision is made regarding whether an updated certified appraisal of the real estate is necessary. This decision is based on various considerations, including the age of the most recent appraisal, the loan-to-value ratio based on the original appraisal and the condition of the property. Appraised values are discounted to arrive at the estimated selling price of the collateral, which is considered to be the estimated fair value. The discounts also include estimated costs to sell the property. 

For commercial loans secured by non-real estate collateral, such as accounts receivable, inventory and equipment, estimated fair values are determined based on the borrower s financial statements, inventory reports, accounts receivable agings or equipment appraisals or invoices. Indications of value from these sources are generally discounted based on the age of the financial information or the quality of the assets. 

Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, DNB does not separately identify individual residential mortgage loans, with the exception of certain purchased residential loans, home equity loans and other consumer loans for impairment disclosures, unless such loans are the subject of a troubled debt restructuring agreement. 

Loans whose terms are modified are classified as troubled debt restructurings if DNB grants such borrowers concessions and it is deemed that those borrowers are experiencing financial difficulty. Concessions granted under a troubled debt restructuring generally involve a temporary reduction in interest rate or an extension of a loan s stated maturity date. Non-accrual troubled debt restructurings are restored to accrual status if principal and interest payments, under the modified terms, are current for six consecutive months after modification. Loans classified as troubled debt restructurings are designated as impaired. 

As of December 31, 2013 , DNB had one commercial mortgage classified as a TDR totaling 2,272,000, compared to no TDR Loans at December 31, 2012. The rate on this loan was modified and the terms of the loans were changed to interest only while the project was being built out. The loan was extended and there was no reduction of principal. This loan will revert to an amortizing loan during 2014. The balance of the loan prior to modification was 2,272,000 and the balance after the modification was 2,272,000. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2013, there were no defaults on any terms of this loan. 

The allowance calculation methodology includes further segregation of loan classes into risk rating categories. The borrower s overall financial condition, repayment sources, guarantors and value of collateral, if appropriate, are evaluated annually for commercial loans or when credit deficiencies arise, such as delinquent loan payments, for commercial and consumer loans. Credit quality risk ratings include regulatory classifications of special mention, substandard, doubtful and loss. Loans criticized special mention have potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If uncorrected, the potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects. Loans classified substandard have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They include loans that are inadequately protected by the current sound net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans classified doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in loans classified substandard with the added characteristic that collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of current conditions and facts, is highly improbable. Loans classified as a loss are considered uncollectible and are charged to the allowance for loan losses. Loans not classified are rated pass. 

48 

In addition, Federal regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review DNB s allowance for credit losses and may require DNB to recognize additions to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination, which may not be currently available to management. Based on management s comprehensive analysis of the loan portfolio, management believes the current level of the allowance for credit losses is appropriate. 

Other Real Estate Owned Other Repossessed Property Other real estate owned OREO and other repossessed property consists of properties acquired as a result of, or in-lieu-of, foreclosure as well as other repossessed property. Properties classified as OREO are initially recorded at fair value less cost to sell at the date of foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed by management and the assets are carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value, less estimated costs to sell. Costs relating to the development or improvement of the properties are capitalized and costs relating to holding the properties are charged to expense. 

Office Properties and Equipment Office properties and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the expected useful lives of the assets. The costs of maintenance and repairs are expensed as they are incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. All long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment when conditions indicate that impairment may have occurred , based on the fair value of the asset. In addition, long-lived assets to be disposed of are generally reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value, less cost to sell. Gains or losses on disposition of properties and equipment are reflected in operations. 

Income Taxes DNB accounts for income taxes in accordance with the income tax accounting guidance set forth in FASB ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes. 

The income tax accounting guidance results in two components of income tax expense: current and deferred. Current income tax expense reflects taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period by applying the provisions of the enacted tax law to the taxable income or excess of deductions over revenues. DNB determines deferred income taxes using the liability (or balance sheet) method. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is based on the tax effects of the differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and enacted changes in tax rates and laws are recognized in the period in which they occur. 

DNB recognizes interest and penalties on income taxes as a component of income tax expense. DNB is no longer subject to examinations by taxing authorities for the years before January 1, 2009. DNB had no unrecognized tax positions as of December 31, 2013. 

Pension Plan The Bank maintains a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees over the age of 21 with one year of service. Plan benefits are based on years of service and the employee s monthly average compensation for the highest five consecutive years of their last ten years of service (see Note 13 Benefit Plans). 

Stock Based Compensation Stock compensation accounting guidance (FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation) requires that the compensation cost relating to share based payment transactions be recognized in financial statements. That cost will be measured based on the grant date fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. The stock compensation accounting guidance covers a wide range of share based compensation arrangements including stock options, restricted share plans, performance based awards, share appreciation rights, and employee share purchase plans. 

The stock compensation accounting guidance requires that compensation cost for all stock awards be calculated and recognized over the employees service period, generally defined as the vesting period. For awards with graded vesting, compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. A Black Sholes model is used to estimate the fair value of stock options, while the market price of DNB s common stock at the date of grant is used for restricted stock awards. 

Preferred Stock Preferred stock ranks senior to common stock with respect to dividends and has preference in the event of liquidation. 

Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series 2011A The shares of Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series 2011A Series 2011A Preferred Stock issued to the United States Treasury U.S. Treasury under the Small Business Lending Fund program SBLF are accounted for as permanent equity on DNB s Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Proceeds received from the issuance of the SBLF preferred stock were used to redeem , in 2011, the CPP preferred stock issued under the TARP capital purchase plan . 

49 

The Series 2011A Preferred Stock is entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends payable quarterly. The dividend rate, which is calculated on the aggregate Liquidation Amount, was initially set at 3.874 per annum based upon the current level of Qualified Small Business Lending , or QSBL (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) by the Bank. The dividend rate for future dividend periods will be set based upon the Percentage Change in Qualified Lending (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) between each dividend period and the Baseline QSBL level. Such dividend rate may vary from 1 per annum to 5 per annum for the second through tenth dividend periods depending on the volume of QSBL the Bank originates in future periods, and will be fixed at a rate between 1 per annum to 7 per annum and remain unchanged up to four and one-half years following the funding date (the eleventh through the first half of the nineteenth dividend periods). If the Series 2011A Preferred Stock remains outstanding for more than four-and-one-half years, the dividend rate will be fixed at 9 . Prior to that time, in general, the dividend rate decreases as the level of the Bank s QSBL increases. At December 31, 2013 and 2012 the dividend rate was 1.00 . Such dividends are not cumulative, but DNB may only declare and pay dividends on its common stock (or any other equity securities junior to the Series 2011A Preferred Stock) if it has declared and paid dividends for the current dividend period on the Series 2011A Preferred Stock, and will be subject to other restrictions on its ability to repurchase or redeem common stock and other securities. In addition, if (i) DNB has not timely declared and paid dividends on the Series 2011A Preferred Stock for six dividend periods or more, whether or not consecutive, and (ii) shares of Series 2011A Preferred Stock with an aggregate liquidation preference of at least 13,000,000 are still outstanding, the Treasury (or any successor holder of Series 2011A Preferred Stock) may designate two additional directors to be elected to DNB s Board of Directors. Preferred dividends paid (declared and accrued) is deducted from net income for computing income available to common stockholders and earnings per share computations. 

Earnings Per Common Share (EPS) Basic EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur from unvested stock awards and the exercise of stock options and warrants computed using the treasury stock method. Stock options and awards for which the exercise price exceeds the average market price over the period have an anti-dilutive effect on EPS and, accordingly, are excluded from the EPS calculation. Treasury shares are not deemed outstanding for earnings per share calculations. 

Comprehensive Income Comprehensive income consists of net income and other comprehensive income. Other comprehensive income includes unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale, accretion of discount on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity, and changes in the funded status of the pension plan of which the accumulated amounts are also recognized as separate components of stockholders equity. 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

Before-Tax 

Tax 

Net-of-Tax 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Amount 

Effect 

Amount 

December 31, 2013 

Net unrealized loss on AFS securities 

(2,459)

836 

(1,623)

Discount on AFS to HTM reclassification 

(32)

11 

(21)

Unrealized actuarial losses-pension 

(1,104)

375 

(729)

Total of all items above 

(3,595)

1,222 

(2,373)

December 31, 2012 

Net unrealized gain on AFS securities 

1,253 

(426)

827 

Discount on AFS to HTM reclassification 

(54)

18 

(36)

Unrealized actuarial losses-pension 

(2,233)

759 

(1,474)

Total of all items above 

(1,034)

351 

(683)

Treasury Stock Shares of the Company ' s common stock which are repurchased on the open market are classified as treasury stock on the consolidated balance sheet. Treasury stock is recorded at the cost at which it was obtained in the open market, and at the date of reissuance, treasury stock on the consolidated balance sheet is reduced by the cost for which it was purchased , using a weighted average price of the remaining treasury stock. 

Bank-Owned Life Insurance The Bank is the beneficiary of insurance policies on the lives of certain officers of the Bank. The Bank has recognized the amount that could be realized under the insurance policies as an asset in the consolidated statements of financial condition. 

Trust Assets Assets held by DNB First Wealth Management , a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, in fiduciary or agency capacities are not included in the consolidated financial statements since such items are not assets of DNB. Operating income and expenses of DNB First Wealth Management are included in the consolidated statements of income and are recorded on an accrual basis. 

Subsequent Events Management has evaluated events and transactions occurring subsequent to December 31, 201 3 for items that should potentially be recognized or disclosed in these Consolidated Financial Statements. The evaluation was conducted through the date these financial statements were issued. 

50 

(2) INVESTMENT SECURITIES 

The amortized cost and estimated fair values of investment securities, as of the dates indicated, are summarized as follows: 

December 31, 2013 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Estimated 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair Value 

Held To Maturity 

US Government agency obligations 

7,494 

75 

- 

7,569 

Government Sponsored Entities (GSE) mortgage-backed securities 

5,934 

200 

- 

6,134 

Corporate bonds 

6,357 

249 

- 

6,606 

Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE 

4,903 

10 

(89)

4,824 

State and municipal tax-exempt 

40,611 

83 

(2,425)

38,269 

Total 

65,299 

617 

(2,514)

63,402 

Available For Sale 

US Government agency obligations 

30,522 

4 

(583)

29,943 

GSE mortgage-backed securities 

49,448 

180 

(698)

48,930 

Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE 

23,836 

18 

(968)

22,886 

Corporate bonds 

16,944 

- 

(394)

16,550 

State and municipal tax-exempt 

2,091 

- 

(19)

2,072 

Certificates of deposit 

1,250 

10 

- 

1,260 

Equity securities 

27 

2 

(11)

18 

Total 

124,118 

214 

(2,673)

121,659 

December 31, 2012 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Estimated 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair Value 

Held To Maturity 

US Government agency obligations 

7,266 

563 

- 

7,829 

Government Sponsored Entities (GSE) mortgage-backed securities 

9,135 

435 

- 

9,570 

Corporate bonds 

6,500 

371 

(11)

6,860 

Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE 

7,204 

185 

- 

7,389 

State and municipal tax-exempt 

35,919 

759 

(19)

36,659 

Total 

66,024 

2,313 

(30)

68,307 

Available For Sale 

US Government agency obligations 

35,424 

133 

(18)

35,539 

GSE mortgage-backed securities 

21,885 

507 

- 

22,392 

Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE 

21,526 

151 

(27)

21,650 

Corporate bonds 

41,005 

772 

(330)

41,447 

State and municipal tax-exempt 

3,195 

1 

(11)

3,185 

Asset-backed securities 

9,723 

90 

- 

9,813 

Certificates of deposit 

1,250 

3 

(5)

1,248 

Equity securities 

27 

- 

(13)

14 

Total 

134,035 

1,657 

(404)

135,288 

51 

Included in unrealized losses are market losses on securities that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for twelve months or more and those securities that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than twelve months. The table below details the aggregate unrealized losses and aggregate fair value of the underlying securities whose fair values are below their amortized cost at December 31, 201 3 and 201 2 . 

December 31, 2013 

Fair Value 

Unrealized 

Fair Value 

Unrealized 

Total 

Impaired 

Loss 

Impaired 

Loss 

Total 

Unrealized 

Less Than 

Less Than 

More Than 

More Than 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Fair Value 

Loss 

12 Months 

12 Months 

12 Months 

12 Months 

Held To Maturity 

Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE 

2,530 

(89)

2,530 

(89)

- 

- 

State and municipal tax-exempt 

29,142 

(2,425)

17,434 

(727)

11,708 

(1,698)

Total 

31,672 

(2,514)

19,964 

(816)

11,708 

(1,698)

Available For Sale 

US Government agency obligations 

24,931 

(583)

24,931 

(583)

- 

- 

GSE mortgage-backed securities 

38,255 

(698)

38,255 

(698)

- 

- 

Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE 

21,416 

(968)

20,336 

(959)

1,080 

(9)

Corporate bonds 

16,549 

(394)

10,968 

(223)

5,581 

(171)

State and municipal tax-exempt 

1,072 

(19)

300 

(6)

772 

(13)

Equity securities 

12 

(11)

- 

- 

12 

(11)

Total 

102,235 

(2,673)

94,790 

(2,469)

7,445 

(204)

December 31, 2012 

Fair value 

Unrealized 

Fair value 

Unrealized 

Total 

Impaired 

Loss 

Impaired 

Loss 

Total 

Unrealized 

Less Than 

Less Than 

More Than 

More Than 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Fair Value 

Loss 

12 Months 

12 Months 

12 Months 

12 Months 

Held To Maturity 

Corporate bonds 

2,587 

(11)

2,587 

(11)

- 

- 

State and municipal tax-exempt 

8,690 

(19)

8,690 

(19)

- 

- 

Total 

11,277 

(30)

11,277 

(30)

- 

- 

Available For Sale 

US Government agency obligations 

10,238 

(18)

10,238 

(18)

- 

- 

Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE 

4,703 

(27)

4,703 

(27)

- 

- 

Corporate bonds 

15,989 

(330)

12,604 

(215)

3,385 

(115)

State and municipal tax-exempt 

1,095 

(11)

1,095 

(11)

- 

- 

Certificates of deposit 

745 

(5)

745 

(5)

- 

- 

Equity securities 

14 

(13)

- 

- 

14 

(13)

Total 

32,784 

(404)

29,385 

(276)

3,399 

(128)

As of December 31, 2013, there were nineteen mortgage-backed securities, forty-four municipalities, ten corporate bonds, sixteen agency notes, eighteen collateralized mortgage obligations and five equity securities which were in an unrealized loss position. DNB does not intend to sell these securities and management of DNB does not expect to be required to sell any of these securities prior to a recovery of its cost basis. Management has reviewed all of these securities and believes that DNB will collect all principal and interest that is due on debt securities on a timely basis. Management does not believe any individual unrealized loss as of December 31, 2013 represents an other-than-temporary impairment. There were 4 corporate bonds and 5 equity securities that were impaired for more than 12 months. DNB reviews its investment portfolio on a quarterly basis judging each investment for OTTI. The OTTI analysis focuses on the duration and the amount a particular security is below book. 

Factors affecting the market price include credit risk, market risk, interest rates, economic cycles, and liquidity risk. The magnitude of any unrealized loss may be affected by the relative concentration of the Corporation s investment in any one issuer or industry. DNB has established policies to reduce exposure through diversification of concentration of the investment portfolio including limits on concentrations to any one issuer and as such, management believes the investment portfolio is prudently diversified. 

52 

The decline in value is related to a change in interest rates and subsequent change in credit spreads required for these issues affecting market price. All issues are performing and are expected to continue to perform in accordance with their respective contractual terms and conditions. Short to intermediate average durations and in certain cases monthly principal payments should reduce further market value exposure to increases in rates. 

Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE There are eighteen impaired securities classified as collateralized mortgage obligations. All of these securities were issued and insured by FNMA, FHLMC or GNMA. DNB receives monthly principal and interest payments on all of these securities on a timely basis and none of these agencies has ever defaulted on mortgage-backed principal or interest. DNB anticipates a recovery in the market value as the securities approach their maturity dates or if interest rates decline from December 31, 2013 levels. Management concluded that these securities were not other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2013. 

State and municipal tax-exempt There are forty-four impaired securities in this category, which are comprised of intermediate to long-term municipal bonds. All of the issues carry an A or better underlying credit support and were evaluated on the basis on their underlying fundamentals; included but not limited to annual financial reports, geographic location, population and debt ratios. In certain cases , options for calls reduce the effective duration and in turn the future market value fluctuations. All issues are performing and are expected to continue to perform in accordance with their respective contractual terms and conditions. There have not been disruptions of any payments, associated with any of these municipal securities. These bonds are conservative in nature and the value decline is related to the changes in interest rates that occurred since the time of purchase and subsequent changes in spreads affecting the market prices. Thirty-four of the impaired municipals are school districts that have PA school district credit enhancement programs and twenty-three of those also have additional insurance. The remaining ten are two insured school districts, two uninsured school district, three townships and three insured county bonds , all of which have strong underlying ratings. Management concluded that these securities were not other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2013 . 

US Government agency obligations There are sixteen impaired securities classified as agencies. All of these securities were issued and insured by FHLB, FNMA, or FHLMC. DNB has received timely interest payments on all of these securities and none of these agencies has ever defaulted on their bonds. DNB anticipates a recovery in the market value as the securities approach their maturity dates. Management concluded that these securities were not other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2013. 

GSE mortgage-backed securities There are nineteen impaired bonds classified as GSE mortgage-backed securities. All of these securities were issued and insured by FNMA, FHLMC or GNMA. DNB receives monthly principal and interest payments on all of these securities on a timely basis and none of these agencies has ever defaulted on mortgage-backed principal or interest. DNB anticipates a recovery in the market value as the securities approach their maturity dates or if interest rates decline from December 31, 2013 levels. Management concluded that these securities were not other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2013. 

Corporate bonds There were ten impaired bonds classified as corporate bonds. The bonds are conservative in nature and the value decline is related to the changes in interest rates that occurred since the time of purchase and subsequent changes in spreads affecting the market prices. All of the issues carry an A or better underlying credit support and were evaluated on the basis on their underlying fundamentals; included but not limited to annual financial reports, rating agency reports, capital strength and debt ratios. DNB anticipates a recovery in the market value as the securities approach their maturity dates or if interest rates decline from December 31, 2013 levels. Management concluded that these securities were not other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2013. 

Equity securities There were six marketable equity securities which consisted primarily of Pennsylvania community bank common stocks. The unrealized losses on five of the six investments in the Equity securities portfolio were all impaired for more than twelve months. The severity and duration of the impairment are driven by higher collateral losses, wider credit spreads, and changes in interest rates within the financial services sector. DNB evaluated the prospects of all issuers in relation to the severity and duration of the impairment. Based on this analysis and an evaluation of DNB s ability and intent to hold these investments for a reasonable period of time sufficient for each security to increase to DNB s cost, DNB does not intend to sell these investments and it is not more likely than not that DNB will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their cost, DNB does not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2013. 

In determining that the securities giving rise to the previously mentioned unrealized losses were not other than temporary, the Corporation evaluated the factors cited above, which the Corporation considers when assessing whether a security is other-than-temporarily impaired. In making these evaluations the Corporation must exercise considerable judgment. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the actual results will not differ from the Corporation s judgments and that such differences may not require the future recognition of other-than-temporary impairment charges that could have a material affect 

53 

on the Corporation s financial position and results of operations. In addition, the value of, and the realization of any loss on, an investment security is subject to numerous risks as cited above. 

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of investment securities as of December 31, 201 3 , by contractual maturity, are shown below. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because certain securities may be called or prepaid without penalties. 

Held to Maturity 

Available for Sale 

Amortized 

Estimated 

Amortized 

Estimated 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Cost 

Fair Value 

Cost 

Fair Value 

Due in one year or less 

- 

- 

1,035 

1,036 

Due after one year through five years 

873 

929 

21,637 

21,358 

Due after five years through ten years 

26,248 

26,235 

49,605 

48,809 

Due after ten years 

38,178 

36,238 

51,814 

50,438 

No stated maturity 

- 

- 

27 

18 

Total investment securities 

65,299 

63,402 

124,118 

121,659 

DNB sold 39.3 million and 19.7 million securities from the AFS portfolio during 201 3 and 201 2 , respectively. Gains and losses resulting from investment sales, redemptions or calls were as follows: 

Year Ended 

December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2013 

2012 

Gross realized gains-AFS 

867 

424 

Gross realized losses-AFS 

(257)

(6)

Net realized gain 

610 

418 

At December 31, 201 3 and 201 2 , investment securities with a carrying value of approximately 116.2 million and 9 0.0 million, respectively, were pledged to secure public funds, repurchase agreements, FHLBP advances and for other purposes as required by law. See Note 7 regarding the use of certain securities as collateral. 

(3) LOANS AND LEASES 

December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2013 

2012 

Residential mortgage 

24,677 

25,835 

Commercial mortgage 

234,599 

234,202 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

89,279 

81,888 

Commercial construction 

19,117 

12,247 

Lease financing 

2 

67 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

41,418 

35,322 

Other 

6,262 

6,937 

Total loans and leases 

415,354 

396,498 

Less allowance for credit losses 

(4,623)

(6,838)

Net loans and leases 

410,731 

389,660 

54 

(4) ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 

The performance and credit quality of the loan portfolio is also monitored by analyzing the age of the loans receivable as determined by the length of time a recorded payment is past due. The following tables present the classes of the loan portfolio summarized by the past due status as of December 31, 201 3 and December 31, 201 2 : 

Age Analysis of Past Due Loans Receivables 

December 31, 2013 

Loans 

Receivable 

30-59 

60-89 

Greater 

Total 

> 90 

Days Past 

Days Past 

than 

Total 

Loans 

Days and 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Due 

Due 

90 Days 

Past Due 

Current 

Receivables 

Accruing 

Residential mortgage 

507 

865 

1,757 

3,129 

21,548 

24,677 

- 

Commercial mortgage 

358 

192 

74 

624 

233,975 

234,599 

- 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

50 

- 

- 

50 

89,229 

89,279 

- 

Commercial construction 

- 

- 

2,554 

2,554 

16,563 

19,117 

- 

Lease financing 

- 

- 

2 

2 

- 

2 

2 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

- 

50 

376 

426 

40,992 

41,418 

67 

Other 

80 

- 

77 

157 

6,105 

6,262 

72 

Total 

995 

1,107 

4,840 

6,942 

408,412 

415,354 

141 

December 31, 2012 

Loans 

Receivable 

30-59 

60-89 

Greater 

Total 

> 90 

Days Past 

Days Past 

than 

Total 

Loans 

Days and 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Due 

Due 

90 Days 

Past Due 

Current 

Receivables 

Accruing 

Residential mortgage 

692 

319 

2,256 

3,267 

22,568 

25,835 

60 

Commercial mortgage 

68 

- 

3,514 

3,582 

230,620 

234,202 

710 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

- 

- 

- 

- 

81,888 

81,888 

- 

Commercial construction 

- 

- 

2,031 

2,031 

10,216 

12,247 

- 

Lease financing 

- 

- 

28 

28 

39 

67 

- 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

162 

- 

152 

314 

35,008 

35,322 

92 

Other 

95 

- 

54 

149 

6,788 

6,937 

7 

Total 

1,017 

319 

8,035 

9,371 

387,127 

396,498 

869 

55 

The following table sets forth those assets that are: (i) placed on non-accrual status, (ii) contractually delinquent by 90 days or more and still accruing, (iii) troubled debt restructurings other than those included in items (i) and (ii), and (iv) OREO as a result of foreclosure or voluntary transfer to DNB as well as other repossessed property . 

Non-Performing Assets 

December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2013 

2012 

Non-accrual loans: 

Residential mortgage 

2,250 

2,196 

Commercial mortgage 

266 

2,804 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

- 

- 

Commercial construction 

2,554 

4,326 

Lease financing 

- 

28 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

434 

64 

Other 

82 

147 

Total non-accrual loans 

5,586 

9,565 

Loans 90 days past due and still accruing 

141 

869 

Total non-performing loans 

5,727 

10,434 

Other real estate owned other repossessed property 

1,096 

1,237 

Total non-performing assets 

6,823 

11,671 

The following tables summarize information in regards to impaired loans by loan portfolio class as of December 31, 201 3 and December 31, 201 2 and for the years then ended. 

Impaired Loans 

December 31, 2013 

Unpaid 

Average 

Interest 

Recorded 

Principal 

Related 

Recorded 

Income 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Investment 

Balance 

Allowance 

Investment 

Recognized 

With no related allowance recorded: 

Residential mortgage 

2,250 

2,848 

- 

2,393 

- 

Commercial mortgage 

2,502 

2,574 

- 

2,018 

- 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

- 

3 

- 

- 

- 

Commercial construction 

499 

3,355 

- 

1,047 

- 

Lease financing 

- 

- 

- 

11 

- 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

434 

442 

- 

136 

- 

Other 

78 

78 

- 

115 

3 

Total: 

5,763 

9,300 

- 

5,720 

3 

With allowance recorded: 

Residential mortgage 

- 

- 

- 

64 

- 

Commercial mortgage 

36 

36 

14 

1,477 

- 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

- 

- 

- 

40 

- 

Commercial construction 

2,055 

3,386 

361 

3,007 

- 

Lease financing 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other 

4 

4 

4 

1 

- 

Total: 

2,095 

3,426 

379 

4,589 

- 

Total: 

Residential mortgage 

2,250 

2,848 

- 

2,457 

- 

Commercial mortgage 

2,538 

2,610 

14 

3,495 

- 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

- 

3 

- 

40 

- 

Commercial construction 

2,554 

6,741 

361 

4,054 

- 

Lease financing 

- 

- 

- 

11 

- 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

434 

442 

- 

136 

- 

Other 

82 

82 

4 

116 

3 

Total: 

7,858 

12,726 

379 

10,309 

3 

56 

December 31, 2012 

Unpaid 

Average 

Interest 

Recorded 

Principal 

Related 

Recorded 

Income 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Investment 

Balance 

Allowance 

Investment 

Recognized 

With no related allowance recorded: 

Residential mortgage 

2,386 

2,883 

- 

2,243 

- 

Commercial mortgage 

2,807 

2,814 

- 

699 

1 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

- 

3 

- 

111 

12 

Commercial construction 

- 

- 

- 

1,855 

130 

Lease financing 

28 

36 

- 

49 

1 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

64 

72 

- 

85 

2 

Other 

147 

147 

- 

82 

2 

Total: 

5,432 

5,955 

- 

5,124 

148 

With allowance recorded: 

Residential mortgage 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Commercial mortgage 

2,565 

2,569 

151 

985 

158 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Commercial construction 

4,326 

4,864 

864 

2,628 

66 

Lease financing 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total: 

6,891 

7,433 

1,015 

3,613 

224 

Total: 

Residential mortgage 

2,386 

2,883 

- 

2,243 

- 

Commercial mortgage 

5,372 

5,383 

151 

1,684 

159 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

- 

3 

- 

111 

12 

Commercial construction 

4,326 

4,864 

864 

4,483 

196 

Lease financing 

28 

36 

- 

49 

1 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

64 

72 

- 

85 

2 

Other 

147 

147 

- 

82 

2 

Total: 

12,323 

13,388 

1,015 

8,737 

372 

The following tables present the classes of the loan portfolio summarized by the aggregate pass rating and the classified ratings of special mention, substandard and doubtful within DNB s internal risk rating system as of December 31, 201 3 and December 31, 201 2 . 

Credit Quality Indicators 

December 31, 2013 

Special 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Pass 

Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

Residential mortgage 

22,142 

- 

2,535 

- 

24,677 

Commercial mortgage 

224,868 

5,028 

4,703 

- 

234,599 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

88,657 

419 

203 

- 

89,279 

Commercial construction 

16,450 

- 

1,967 

700 

19,117 

Lease financing 

2 

- 

- 

- 

2 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

40,940 

- 

478 

- 

41,418 

Other 

6,180 

- 

82 

- 

6,262 

Total 

399,239 

5,447 

9,968 

700 

415,354 

57 

December 31, 2012 

Special 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Pass 

Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

Residential mortgage 

23,346 

- 

2,489 

- 

25,835 

Commercial mortgage 

211,001 

10,847 

12,354 

- 

234,202 

Commercial: 

Commercial term 

81,394 

73 

421 

- 

81,888 

Commercial construction 

4,018 

- 

6,198 

2,031 

12,247 

Lease financing 

67 

- 

- 

- 

67 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

35,069 

- 

253 

- 

35,322 

Other 

6,933 

- 

4 

- 

6,937 

Total 

361,828 

10,920 

21,719 

2,031 

396,498 

The following tables set forth the activity and composition of DNB s allowance for credit losses at the dates indicated. 

Allowance for Credit Losses and Recorded Investment in Financing Receivables 

Year Ended December 31, 2013 

Residential 

Commercial 

Commercial 

Commercial 

Lease 

Consumer 

Consumer 

(Dollars in thousands) 

mortgage 

mortgage 

term 

construction 

financing 

home equity 

other 

Unallocated 

Total 

Allowance for credit losses: 

Beginning balance - January 1, 2013 

306 

3,094 

506 

1,536 

3 

178 

86 

1,129 

6,838 

Charge-offs 

(183)

(716)

(247)

(3,648)

(26)

- 

(70)

- 

(4,890)

Recoveries 

80 

- 

5 

- 

59 

- 

1 

- 

145 

Provisions 

82 

(368)

357 

3,145 

(36)

(22)

61 

(689)

2,530 

Ending balance - December 31, 2013 

285 

2,010 

621 

1,033 

- 

156 

78 

440 

4,623 

Ending balance: individually 

evaluated for impairment 

- 

14 

- 

361 

- 

- 

4 

- 

379 

Ending balance: collectively 

evaluated for impairment 

285 

1,996 

621 

672 

- 

156 

74 

440 

4,244 

Loans receivables: 

Ending balance 

24,677 

234,599 

89,279 

19,117 

2 

41,418 

6,262 

415,354 

Ending balance: individually 

evaluated for impairment 

2,250 

2,538 

- 

2,554 

- 

434 

82 

7,858 

Ending balance: collectively 

evaluated for impairment 

22,427 

232,061 

89,279 

16,563 

2 

40,984 

6,180 

407,496 

58 

Year Ended December 31, 2012 

Residential 

Commercial 

Commercial 

Commercial 

Lease 

Consumer 

Consumer 

(Dollars in thousands) 

mortgage 

mortgage 

term 

construction 

financing 

home equity 

other 

Unallocated 

Total 

Allowance for credit losses: 

Beginning balance - January 1, 2012 

383 

3,442 

474 

1,029 

10 

165 

95 

566 

6,164 

Charge-offs 

(99)

- 

(38)

(848)

(1)

- 

(31)

- 

(1,017)

Recoveries 

21 

- 

115 

- 

72 

- 

28 

- 

236 

Provisions 

1 

(348)

(45)

1,355 

(78)

13 

(6)

563 

1,455 

Ending balance - December 31, 2012 

306 

3,094 

506 

1,536 

3 

178 

86 

1,129 

6,838 

Ending balance: individually 

evaluated for impairment 

- 

151 

- 

864 

- 

- 

- 

- 

1,015 

Ending balance: collectively 

evaluated for impairment 

306 

2,943 

506 

672 

3 

178 

86 

1,129 

5,823 

Loans receivables: 

Ending balance 

25,835 

234,202 

81,888 

12,247 

67 

35,322 

6,937 

396,498 

Ending balance: individually 

evaluated for impairment 

2,386 

5,372 

- 

4,326 

28 

64 

147 

12,323 

Ending balance: collectively 

evaluated for impairment 

23,449 

228,830 

81,888 

7,921 

39 

35,258 

6,790 

384,175 

(5) OFFICE PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

Estimated 

December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Useful Lives 

2013 

2012 

Land 

840 

840 

Buildings 

5-31.5 years 

11,793 

11,652 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

2-20 years 

14,052 

13,532 

Total cost 

26,685 

26,024 

Less accumulated depreciation 

(18,467)

(17,568)

Office property and equipment, net 

8,218 

8,456 

Amounts charged to operating expense for depreciation for the years ended December 31, 201 3 and 201 2 amounted to 899 ,000 and 9 34 ,000, respectively. 

59 

(6) DEPOSITS 

Included in interest bearing time deposits are certificates of deposit issued in amounts of 100,000 or more in the amount of 54. 4 million and 5 4 .6 million at December 31, 201 3 and 201 2 , respectively. These certificates and their remaining maturities at December 31, 201 3 were as follows: 

December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2013 

Three months or less 

15,915 

Over three through six months 

17,709 

Over six through twelve months 

11,242 

Over one year through two years 

4,673 

Over two years 

4,835 

Total 

54,374 

Certificates of deposit scheduled to mature have the following remaining maturities: 

December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2013 

One year or less 

70,221 

Over one year through two years 

13,326 

Over two years through three years 

3,963 

Over three years through four years 

5,677 

Over four years through five years 

2,355 

Over five years 

- 

Total 

95,542 

(7) FHLBP ADVANCES AND SHORT-TERM BORROWED FUNDS 

DNB s short-term borrowed funds consist of borrowings at the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh (FHLBP), repurchase agreements and Federal funds purchased. Repurchase agreements and Federal funds purchased generally represent one-day borrowings. Borrowings at the FHLBP consist of overnight and 90 day borrowings. DNB had 19.9 million of repurchase agreements at December 31, 201 3 with an average rate of 0. 2 0 and 17.0 million of repurchase agreements at December 31, 201 2 with an average rate of 0. 3 0 . 

In addition to short-term borrowings, DNB maintains borrowing arrangements with a correspondent bank and the FHLBP, as well as access to the discount window at the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia to meet short-term liquidity needs. Through these relationships, DNB has available credit of approximately 236.7 million. DNB has a maximum borrowing capacity at the FHLBP of approximately 203.7 million. At December 31, 201 3 , DNB had a 1 0.0 million outstanding long-term advance , which mature s on December 23 , 2015, as shown in the table below. This advance is collateralized by loans and investment securities, and a lien on the Bank s FHLBP stock. At December 31, 201 2 , DNB had 20.0 million of outstanding long-term advances with an average rate of 4.17 . All of the advances are convertible term advances and are callable, at the FHLBP s option, at various dates. If an advance is called by the FHLBP, DNB has the option of repaying the borrowing, or continuing to borrow at three month Libor plus 10-14 basis points, depending on the advance. In addition to the 1 0.0 million of borrowings from the FHLBP at December 31, 201 3 , the FHLBP had issued letters of credit, on DNB s behalf, totaling 20.0 million against DNB s available credit lines. These letters of credit were used to secure public deposits as required by law. 

December 31, 2013 

Weighted 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Average Rate 

Amount 

Due by December 31, 2015 

5.86 

10,000 

Total 

5.86 

10,000 

60 

(8) CAPITAL LEASE AND OPERATING LEASE OBLIGATIONS 

Included in other borrowings is a long-term capital lease agreement, which relates to DNB s West Goshen branch. As of December 31, 201 3 the lease has a carrying amount of 274 ,000 net of accumulated depreciation of 4 76 ,000 , and is included in the balance of office properties and equipment in the accompanying statements of financial condition. The following is a schedule of the future minimum capital lease payments, together with the present value of the net minimum lease payments, as of December 31, 201 3 : 

Year ended 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31 

2014 

106 

2015 

106 

2016 

107 

2017 

107 

2018 

106 

Thereafter 

389 

Total minimum lease payments 

921 

Less amount representing interest 

(381)

Present value of net minimum lease payments 

540 

The following is a schedule of the future minimum non-callable operating lease payments as of December 31, 20 13 . 

Year ended 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31 

2014 

648 

2015 

587 

2016 

526 

2017 

511 

2018 

511 

Thereafter 

1,909 

Total minimum lease payments 

4,692 

(9) JUNIOR SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES 

DNB has two issuances of junior subordinated debentures (the debentures as follows. The majority of the proceeds of each issuance were invested in DNB s subsidiary, to increase the Bank s capital levels. The junior subordinated debentures issued in each case qualify as a component of capital for regulatory purposes. DNB Capital Trust I and II are special purpose Delaware business trusts, which are not consolidated. 

DNB Capital Trust I 

DNB s first issuance of junior subordinated debentures was on July 20, 2001 . This issuance of debentures are at floating rate s and were issued to DNB Capital Trust I, a Delaware business trust in which DNB owns all of the common equity. DNB Capital Trust I issued 5 million of floating rate 6 month Libor plus 3.75 , with a cap of 12 capital preferred securities to a qualified institutional buyer. The proceeds of these securities were used by the Trust, along with DNB s capital contribution, to purchase 5,155,000 principal amount of DNB s floating rate junior subordinated debentures. The preferred securities have been redeemable since July 25, 2006 and must be redeemed upon maturity of the debentures on July 25, 2031 . 

DNB Capital Trust II 

DNB s second issuance of junior subordinated debentures was on March 30, 2005 . This issuance of debentures are at floating rate s and were issued to DNB Capital Trust II, a Delaware business trust in which DNB owns all of the common equity. DNB Capital Trust II issued 4.0 million of floating rate (the rate was fixed at 6.56 for the first 5 years and is now adjusting at a rate of 3 -month LIBOR plus 1.77 capital preferred securities. The proceeds of these securities were used by the Trust, along with DNB s capital contribution, to purchase 4,124,000 principal amount of DNB s floating rate junior subordinated debentures. The preferred securities have been redeemable since May 23, 2010 . The preferred securities must be redeemed upon maturity of the debentures on May 23, 2035 . 

61 

(10) FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the nature of data inputs for fair value determinations, under which DNB is required to value each asset within its scope using assumptions that market participations would utilize to value that asset. When DNB uses its own assumptions, it is required to disclose additional information about the assumptions used and the effect of the measurement on earnings or the net change in assets for the period. 

The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under FASB ASC Topic 820 are as follows: 

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical securities. 

Level 2 Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose significant value drivers are observable. 

Level 3 Instruments whose significant value drivers are unobservable. 

A description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value is set forth below: 

DNB s available-for-sale investment securities, which generally include U.S. government agencies and mortgage backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations, corporate bonds and equity securities are reported at fair value. These securities are valued by an independent third party preparer ). The preparer s evaluations are based on market data. They utilize evaluated pricing models that vary by asset and incorporate available trade, bid and other market information. For securities that do not trade on a daily basis, their evaluated pricing applications apply available information such as benchmarking and matrix pricing. The market inputs normally sought in the evaluation of securities include benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes (only obtained from market makers or broker/dealers recognized as market participants), issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bid, offers and reference data. For certain securities additional inputs may be used or some market inputs may not be applicable. Inputs are prioritized differently on any given day based on market conditions. 

U.S. Government agencies are evaluated and priced using multi dimensional relational models and option adjusted spreads. State and municipal securities are evaluated on a series of matrices including reported trades and material event notices. Mortgage backed securities are evaluated using matrix correlation to treasury or floating index benchmarks, prepayment speeds, monthly payment information and other benchmarks. Other investments are evaluated using a broker quote based application, including quotes from issuers. 

Impaired loans are those loans that the Bank has measured impairment generally based on the fair value of the loan s collateral. Fair value is generally determined based upon independent third party appraisals of the properties, or discounted cash flows based upon the expected proceeds. These assets are included as Level 3 fair values, based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurements. 

OREO assets are adjusted to fair value less estimated selling costs upon transfer of the loans to OREO. Subsequently, OREO assets are carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value. Fair value is based upon independent market prices, appraised values of the collateral or management s estimation of the value of the collateral. There assets are included as level 3 fair values. 

62 

The following table summarizes the assets at December 31, 201 3 and December 31, 201 2 that are recognized on DNB s balance sheet using fair value measurement determined based on the differing levels of input. 

December 31, 2013 

Assets at 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Fair Value 

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

US Government agency obligations 

- 

29,943 

- 

29,943 

GSE mortgage-backed securities 

- 

48,930 

- 

48,930 

Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE 

- 

22,886 

- 

22,886 

Corporate bonds 

- 

16,550 

- 

16,550 

State and municipal tax-exempt 

- 

2,072 

- 

2,072 

Certificates of deposit 

- 

1,260 

- 

1,260 

Equity securities 

18 

- 

- 

18 

Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 

18 

121,641 

- 

121,659 

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

Impaired loans 

- 

- 

2,829 

2,829 

OREO other repossessed property 

- 

- 

124 

124 

Total assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 

- 

- 

2,953 

2,953 

December 31, 2012 

Assets at 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Fair Value 

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

US Government agency obligations 

- 

35,539 

- 

35,539 

GSE mortgage-backed securities 

- 

22,392 

- 

22,392 

Collateralized mortgage obligations GSE 

- 

21,650 

- 

21,650 

Corporate bonds 

- 

41,447 

- 

41,447 

State and municipal tax-exempt 

- 

3,185 

- 

3,185 

Asset-backed securities 

- 

9,813 

- 

9,813 

Certificates of deposit 

- 

1,248 

- 

1,248 

Equity securities 

14 

- 

- 

14 

Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 

14 

135,274 

- 

135,288 

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

Impaired loans 

- 

- 

6,823 

6,823 

OREO other repossessed property 

- 

- 

213 

213 

Total assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 

- 

- 

7,036 

7,036 

The following table presents additional information about assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and for which DNB has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value: 

Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurement 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Fair Value 

Valuation 

Range (Weighted 

Estimate 

Techniques 

Unobservable Input 

Average) 

December 31, 2013 

Impaired loans- Commercial construction 

2,193 

Appraisal of collateral (1) 

Appraisal adj. 

0 

to 

0 

(0 				 

Disposal costs 

-8 

to 

-11 

(-9 

Impaired loans- Commercial mortgage 

60 

Appraisal of collateral (1) 

Appraisal adj. 

0 

to 

0 

(0 				 

Disposal costs 

-7 

to 

-21 

(-12 

Impaired loans- Residential mortgage 

576 

Appraisal of collateral (1) 

Appraisal adj. (2) 

0 

to 

0 

(0 				 

Disposal costs (2) 

-8 

to 

-8 

(-8 

Impaired loan total 

2,829 

Other real estate owned 

124 

Disposal costs (2) 

-5 

to 

-5 

(-5 

63 

Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurement 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Fair Value 

Valuation 

Range (Weighted 

Estimate 

Techniques 

Unobservable Input 

Average) 

December 31, 2012 

Impaired loans- Commercial construction 

3,487 

Income approach 

Appraisal adj. (2) 

0 

to 

-40 

(-19 

Disposal costs (2) 

-2 

to 

-10 

(-7 

Impaired loans- Commercial mortgage 

2,538 

Appraisal of collateral (1) 

Disposal costs (2) 

-5 

to 

-7 

(-5 

Impaired loan total 

6,025 

As of December 31, 2013 there is only 1 OREO property in the table above . 

(1) 

Fair value is generally determined through independent appraisals or sales contracts of the underlying collateral, which generally include various level 3 inputs which are not identifiable. 

(2) 

Appraisals are adjusted by management for qualitative factors and disposal costs. 

Impaired loan . Impaired loans, which are measured for impairment using the fair value of the collateral for collateral dependent loans, had a carrying amount of 7.9 million at December 31, 2013. Of this, 2.1 million had a valuation allowance of 379 ,000 and 5.8 million had no valuation allowance as of December 31, 2013. Impaired loans had a carrying amount of 12.3 million at December 31, 201 2 . Of this, 6.9 million had a valuation allowance of 1.0 million and 5.4 million had no valuation allowance as of December 31, 2012. DNB had a carrying balance of 1.1 million of loans at December 31, 2013 that had partial charge-offs but no specific reserve as of December 31, 2013. 

Other Real Estate Owned other repossessed property Other real estate owned OREO consists of properties acquired as a result of, or in-lieu-of, foreclosure. Properties or other assets are classified as OREO and other repossessed property are initially recorded at fair value less cost to sell at the date of foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed by management and the assets are carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value, less estimated costs to sell. Costs relating to the development or improvement of the assets are capitalized and costs relating to holding the assets are charged to expense. DNB had 1.1 million of such assets at December 31, 2013, which consisted of 1.0 million in OREO and 73,000 in other repossessed property. DNB had 1.2 million of such assets at December 31, 2012, which consisted of 1.1 million in OREO and 126,000 in other repossessed property. Subsequent to the repossession of these assets, DNB wrote down the carrying values by 70,000 in OREO during the year ending December 31, 2013 and 440,000 during the year ending December 31, 2012. 

64 

Below is management s estimate of the fair value of all financial instruments, whether carried at cost or fair value on DNB s consolidated balance sheet. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial instruments at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012 are as follows: 

December 31, 2013 

Estimated 

Carrying 

Fair 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Amount 

Value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Financial assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

34,060 

34,060 

34,060 

- 

- 

AFS investment securities 

121,659 

121,659 

18 

121,641 

- 

HTM investment securities 

65,299 

63,402 

- 

63,402 

- 

Restricted stock 

2,903 

2,903 

- 

2,903 

- 

Loans and leases, net of allowance 

410,731 

402,569 

- 

- 

402,569 

Accrued interest receivable 

2,297 

2,297 

- 

2,297 

- 

Financial liabilities 

Deposits: 

Non-interest-bearing deposits 

101,853 

101,853 

- 

101,853 

- 

Interest-bearing deposits: 

361,352 

361,352 

- 

361,352 

- 

Time 

95,542 

95,648 

- 

95,648 

- 

Repurchase agreements 

19,854 

19,854 

- 

19,854 

- 

FHLBP advances 

10,000 

11,057 

- 

11,057 

- 

Junior subordinated debentures and other borrowings 

9,279 

9,267 

- 

9,267 

- 

Accrued interest payable 

376 

376 

- 

376 

- 

Off-balance sheet instruments 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

December 31, 2012 

Estimated 

Carrying 

Fair 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Amount 

Value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Financial assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

17,149 

17,149 

17,149 

- 

- 

AFS investment securities 

135,288 

135,288 

14 

135,274 

- 

HTM investment securities 

66,024 

68,307 

- 

68,307 

- 

Restricted stock 

3,426 

3,426 

- 

3,426 

- 

Loans and leases, net of allowance 

389,660 

391,533 

- 

- 

391,533 

Accrued interest receivable 

2,470 

2,470 

- 

2,470 

- 

Financial liabilities 

Deposits: 

Non-interest-bearing deposits 

85,055 

85,055 

- 

85,055 

- 

Interest-bearing deposits: 

343,053 

343,053 

- 

343,053 

- 

Time 

102,316 

103,045 

- 

103,045 

- 

Repurchase agreements 

17,014 

17,014 

- 

17,014 

- 

FHLBP advances 

20,000 

21,592 

- 

21,592 

- 

Junior subordinated debentures and other borrowings 

9,279 

9,256 

- 

9,256 

- 

Accrued interest payable 

421 

421 

- 

421 

- 

Off-balance sheet instruments 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

The specific estimation methods and assumptions used can have a substantial impact on the resulting fair values of financial instruments. Following is a brief summary of the significant assumptions, methods, and estimates used in estimating fair value. 

Limitations Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information about the financial instrument. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time DNB s entire holdings of a particular financial instrument. Because no market exists for a significant portion of DNB s 

65 

financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgments regarding future expected loss experience, current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments, and other factors. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Accrued Interest Receivable and Accrued Interest Payable The carrying amounts for short-term investments (cash and cash equivalents) and accrued interest receivable and payable approximate fair value. 

Loans Fair values are estimated for portfolios of loans with similar financial characteristics. Loans are segregated by type such as commercial, commercial mortgages, residential mortgages, consumer and non-accrual loans. The fair value of performing loans is calculated by discounting expected cash flows using an estimated market discount rate. Expected cash flows include both contractual cash flows and prepayments of loan balances. Prepayments on consumer loans were determined using the median of estimates of securities dealers for mortgage backed investment pools. 

The estimated discount rate considers credit and interest rate risk inherent in the loan portfolios and other factors such as liquidity premiums and incremental servicing costs to an investor. Management has made estimates of fair value discount rates that it believes to be reasonable. However, because there is no market for many of these financial instruments, management has no basis to determine whether the fair value presented would be indicative of the value negotiated in an actual sale. 

The fair value for non-accrual loans not based on fair value of collateral was derived through a discounted cash flow analysis, which includes the opportunity costs of carrying a non-performing asset. An estimated discount rate was used for these non-accrual loans, based on the probability of loss and the expected time to recovery. 

Deposits and Repurchase Agreements The fair values disclosed for demand deposits are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (that is, their carrying amounts). The carrying amounts of variable-rate money market accounts, savings accounts, and interest checking accounts approximate their fair values at the reporting date. Fair values for fixed-rate CDs are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered on certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits. 

Short-Term Borrowings The carrying amounts of federal funds purchased, borrowings under repurchase agreements, and other short-term borrowings maturing within 90 days approximate their fair values. Fair values of other short-term borrowings are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on DNB s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. 

Long-Term Debt The fair value of DNB s fixed rate long-term borrowings which includes FHLBP advances and junior subordinated debentures and other borrowings is estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on the open market s rate for similar types of borrowing arrangements. The carrying amounts of variable-rate long-term borrowings approximate their fair values at the reporting date. 

Off-balance sheet Instruments (Disclosed at Cost) Off-balance sheet instruments are primarily comprised of loan commitments, which are generally priced at market at the time of funding. Fees on commitments to extend credit and stand-by letters of credit are deemed to be immaterial and these instruments are expected to be settled at face value or expire unused. It is impractical to assign any fair value to these instruments. At December 31, 2013, un-funded loan commitments totaled 89.4 million and s tand -by letters of credit totaled 1.5 million . At December 31, 2012, un-funded loan commitments totaled 67.8 million and s tand-by letters of credit totaled 2.1 million. 

66 

(11) FEDERAL INCOME TAXES 

Income tax expense (benefit) was comprised of the following: 

Year Ended 

December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2013 

2012 

Current tax expense: 

Federal 

567 

2,450 

State 

9 

11 

Deferred income tax expense (benefit): 

Federal 

644 

(355)

State 

- 

- 

Income tax expense 

1,220 

2,106 

The effective income tax rates of 23.7 for 2013 and 28.7 for 2012 were different than the applicable statutory Federal income tax rate of 34 . The reason for these differences follows: 

Year Ended 

December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2013 

2012 

Federal income taxes at statutory rate 

1,747 

2,497 

Decrease resulting from: 

Tax-exempt interest and dividend preference 

(465)

(324)

Bank owned life insurance 

(81)

(82)

Other, net increase 

19 

15 

Income tax expense 

1,220 

2,106 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented below: 

December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2013 

2012 

Deferred tax assets: 

Allowance for credit losses 

1,572 

2,325 

Unrealized losses on securities 

836 

- 

Unrealized losses on reclassified securities 

11 

18 

Unrealized loss on pension obligation 

375 

759 

Capital loss disallowance 

1 

1 

State net operating losses 

393 

373 

Unvested stock awards 

58 

45 

Deferred compensation (SERP) 

679 

653 

Nonqualified stock options 

61 

38 

Non-accrued interest 

622 

422 

Joint venture difference 

- 

- 

Deferred compensation (BOLI) 

- 

- 

Provision for unfunded loans 

53 

42 

OREO write-downs 

24 

75 

Accrued expenses 

50 

118 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

4,735 

4,869 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Unrealized gains on securities available for sale 

- 

(426)

Depreciation 

(113)

(80)

Pension expense 

(43)

(100)

Bank shares tax credit 

(189)

(145)

Prepaid expenses 

(169)

(155)

Mortgage servicing rights 

(39)

(28)

Total gross deferred tax liabilities 

(553)

(934)

Valuation allowance 

(394)

(374)

Net deferred tax asset 

3,788 

3,561 

As of December 31, 2013, DNB had no material unrecognized tax benefits or accrued interest and penalties. It is DNB s policy to account for interest and penalties accrued relative to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. Federal and state tax years 2010 through 2013 were open for examination as of December 31, 2013. 

DNB had net operating loss carryovers with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania of 6.0 million and 5.7 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively for which a full valuation allowance has been established. These carryovers will begin to expire in 2021. 

67 

(12) EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE 

Basic earnings per share EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed using the treasury stock method and reflects the potential dilution that could occur from the exercise of stock options, and warrants and the amortized portion of unvested stock awards. Stock options and unvested stock awards for which the exercise or the grant price exceeds the average market price over the period have an anti-dilutive effect on EPS and, accordingly, are excluded from the calculation. Treasury shares are not deemed outstanding for calculations. There were 83,978 anti -dilutive stock options outstanding, and no anti-dilutive stock awards at December 31, 2013. There were 128,568 anti-dilutive stock options outstanding, and no anti-dilutive stock awards at December 31, 2012. The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share: 

(In thousands, 

Year Ended December 31 

except per share data) 

2013 

2012 

Income 

Shares 

Amount 

Income 

Shares 

Amount 

Basic EPS 

Net income available to common stockholders 

3,771 

2,742 

1.38 

4,907 

2,711 

1.81 

Effect of potential dilutive common stock equivalents - 

stock options, restricted shares and warrants 

- 

39 

(0.02)

- 

29 

(0.02)

Diluted EPS 

Income available to common stockholders after assumed 

exercises 

3,771 

2,781 

1.36 

4,907 

2,740 

1.79 

(13) BENEFIT PLANS 

Pension Plan The Bank maintains a defined benefit pension plan (the Plan covering all employees, including officers, who have been employed for one year and have attained 21 years of age. Prior to May 1, 1985, an individual must have attained the age of 25 and accrued one year of service. The Plan provides pension benefits to eligible retired employees at 65 years of age equal to 1.5 of their average monthly pay multiplied by their years of accredited service (maximum 40 years). The accrued benefit is based on the monthly average of their highest five consecutive years of their last ten years of service. The Plan generally covers only full-time employees. 

Effective December 31, 2003, DNB amended its Plan to curtail future eligibility and so that no participants will earn additional benefits under the Plan after December 31, 2003. As a result of this amendment, no further service or compensation was credited under the Plan after December 31, 2003. The Plan, although frozen, will continue to provide benefit payments and employees can still earn vesting credits until retirement. 

The following table sets forth the Plan s funded status, as of the measurement dates of December 31, 201 3 and 201 2 and amounts recognized in DNB s consolidated financial statements at December 31, 201 3 and 201 2 : 

December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2013 

2012 

Projected benefit obligation 

(6,250)

(7,221)

Accumulated benefit obligation 

(6,250)

(7,221)

Fair value of plan assets 

5,274 

5,283 

Amounts recognized in the statement of financial position consist of: 

Liabilities 

(976)

(1,938)

Funded status 

(976)

(1,938)

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) consist of: 

Net loss 

1,104 

2,233 

Total 

1,104 

2,233 

68 

The amounts and changes in DNB s pension benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for the years ended December 31, 201 3 and 201 2 are as follows: 

Year ended December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2013 

2012 

Change in benefit obligation 

Benefit obligation at beginning of year 

7,221 

6,777 

Interest cost 

254 

276 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

(728)

687 

Benefits paid 

(497)

(563)

Service cost 

- 

44 

Benefit obligation at end of year 

6,250 

7,221 

Change in plan assets 

Fair value of assets at beginning of year 

5,283 

5,040 

Actual return on plan assets 

507 

772 

Employer contribution 

- 

90 

Benefits paid 

(497)

(563)

Estimated expenses 

(19)

(56)

Fair value of assets at end of year 

5,274 

5,283 

The Plan s assets are invested using an asset allocation strategy in units of certain equity, bond, real estate and money market funds. The following table summarizes the weighted average asset allocations as of the dates indicated: 

December 31 

2013 

2012 

Cash and cash equivalents 

14.4 

15.2 

Equity securities 

34.2 

22.0 

Fixed income securities 

51.4 

62.8 

Total 

100.0 

100.0 

Equity securities consist mainly of equity common trust funds and mutual funds. Fixed income securities consist mainly of fixed income common trust funds and individual securities. Pension plan assets are invested with a moderate growth objective, with target asset allocations of approximately 50 - 60 bonds and cash and approximately 40 - 50 in stocks. As of December 31, 201 3 , the plan held 65.83 of its assets in bonds and cash . 

Net periodic pension costs for the years indicated include the following components: 

Year Ended December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2013 

2012 

Service cost 

43 

44 

Interest cost 

254 

276 

Expected return on plan assets 

(281)

(267)

Recognized net actuarial loss 

151 

134 

Net periodic cost 

167 

187 

Assumptions used: 

Discount rate 

4.50 

3.60 

Rate of increase in compensation level 

N/A 

N/A 

Expected long-term rate of return on assets 

5.5 

5.5 

69 

DNB s estimated future benefit payments are as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Period 

Benefits 

2014 

285 

2015 

553 

2016 

296 

2017 

299 

2018 

342 

2019-2023 

2,861 

The fair value of DNB s pension plan assets by asset category are as follows: 

December 31, 2013 

Assets at 

Fair 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Value 

Mutual fund - equity: 

US equities 

872 

- 

- 

872 

International equities 

839 

- 

- 

839 

Real estate 

91 

- 

- 

91 

Mutual funds - fixed income: 

Domestic fixed income 

665 

- 

- 

665 

US corporate bonds, notes and cash: 

Corporate bonds 

- 

2,045 

- 

2,045 

Cash 

762 

- 

- 

762 

Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 

3,229 

2,045 

- 

5,274 

December 31, 2012 

Assets at 

Fair 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Value 

Mutual fund - equity: 

US equities 

431 

- 

- 

431 

International equities 

648 

- 

- 

648 

Real estate 

84 

- 

- 

84 

Mutual funds - fixed income: 

Domestic fixed income 

1,537 

- 

- 

1,537 

US corporate bonds, notes and cash: 

Corporate bonds 

- 

1,779 

- 

1,779 

Cash 

804 

- 

- 

804 

Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 

3,504 

1,779 

- 

5,283 

Retirement and Death Benefit Agreement During 1999, the Bank and Henry F. Thorne, its then current Chief Executive Officer (the Executive ), entered into a Death Benefit Agreement providing for supplemental death and retirement benefits for him (the Supplemental Plan ). In 2003, the Supplemental Plan was replaced by a Retirement and Death Benefit Agreement (the Replacement Plan ). 

The Replacement Plan provides that the Bank and the Executive share in the rights to the cash surrender value and death benefits of a split - dollar life insurance policy (the Policy The policy is designed to provide the Executive, upon attaining age 65, with projected annual after-tax payments of approximately 35,000. In addition, the Policy is intended to provide the Executive with a projected death benefit of 750,000. 

In July 2008, DNB commenced making monthly payments of 3,658 to the Executive. The remaining liability under the plan was 7 40 ,000 and 729 ,000 as of December 31, 201 3 and 201 2 , respectively. The annual expense for the same respective periods was 63 ,000 and 5 1,000 . 

70 

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan for Chairman and Chief Executive Officer On December 20, 2006, the Board of Directors of DNB Financial Corporation approved, and effective April 1, 2007 and December 8, 2008 modified, a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (also known as a SERP) for its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, William S. Latoff. The purpose of the SERP is to provide Mr. Latoff a pension supplement beginning at age 70 for 15 years in approximately equal amounts each year and to compensate him for the loss of retirement plan funding opportunities from his other business interests because of his commitments to DNB as Chairman and CEO. 

The remaining liability under the plan was 1. 3 million and 1. 2 million as of December 31, 201 3 and 201 2 , respectively. The annual expense for the same respective periods was 71 ,000 and 6 7 ,000 . 

401(k) Retirement Savings Plan In 1994, the Bank adopted a retirement savings plan intended to comply with Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Participants are permitted to authorize pre-tax savings contributions to a separate trust established under the 401(k) plan, subject to limitations on deductibility of contributions imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. Effective July 1, 2007 the Bank amended the plan to allow after-tax contributions to be made as well. The contributions are subject to the same limitations. Effective January 1, 2010, management indicated that it would evaluate discretionary matching contributions each quarter based upon DNB s financial performance. DNB made no matching contributions to the 401(k) plan in 201 3 and 201 2 . 

Profit Sharing Plan The Bank maintains a Profit Sharing Plan for eligible employees. The plan provides that the Bank make contributions equal to 3 of the eligible participant s W-2 wages. DNB s related expense associated with the Profit Sharing Plan was 2 31 ,000 and 2 25 ,000 in 201 3 and 201 2 , respectively. 

Stock Option Plan DNB has a Stock Option Plan for employees and directors. Under the plan, options (both qualified and non-qualified) to purchase a maximum of 793,368 (as adjusted for subsequent stock dividends) shares of DNB s common stock could be issued to employees and directors. 

Under the plan, option exercise prices must equal the fair market value of the shares on the date of option grant and the option exercise period may not exceed ten years. Vesting of options under the plan is determined by the Plan Committee. There were 335,279 and 327,964 shares available for grant at December 31, 201 3 and 201 2 , respectively. All options with the exception of 44,600 options granted on April 23, 2010 and 44,600 options granted on December 12, 2011 are immediately exercisable. DNB expensed 6 8 ,000 and 69 ,000 during the years ended December 31, 201 3 and 201 2 , respectively, and anticipates additional expense of 7 ,000 through April 23, 2014 for the options granted on April 23, 2010 and 43 ,000 through December 12, 2014 for the options granted on December 12, 2011, the dates the options can first be exercised. 

Stock option activity is indicated below: 

Number 

Weighted Average 

Outstanding 

Exercise Price 

Outstanding January 1, 2012 

236,438 

15.98 

Issued 

- 

- 

Exercised 

- 

- 

Forfeited 

(2,605)

9.69 

Expired 

(19,215)

16.83 

Outstanding December 31, 2012 

214,618 

15.98 

Issued 

- 

- 

Exercised 

- 

- 

Forfeited 

(1,000)

10.31 

Expired 

(6,315)

18.66 

Outstanding December 31, 2013 

207,303 

15.92 

71 

The weighted average price and weighted average remaining contractual life for the outstanding options are listed below for the dates indicated. 

December 31, 2013 

Range of 

Weighted Average 

Exercise 

Number 

Number 

Exercise 

Remaining 

Intrinsic 

Prices 

Outstanding 

Exercisable 

Price 

Contractual Life 

Value 

6.93-10.99 

85,050 

- 

8.65 

4.15 

years 

1,029,000 

14.00-19.99 

55,401 

55,401 

17.51 

1.97 

years 

180,000 

20.00-22.99 

18,811 

18,811 

22.78 

0.97 

years 

- 

23.00-24.27 

48,041 

48,041 

24.27 

1.29 

years 

- 

Total 

207,303 

122,253 

15.92 

2.62 

years 

1,209,000 

December 31, 2012 

Range of 

Weighted Average 

Exercise 

Number 

Number 

Exercise 

Remaining 

Intrinsic 

Prices 

Outstanding 

Exercisable 

Price 

Contractual Life 

Value 

6.93-13.99 

86,050 

- 

8.67 

5.16 

years 

588,000 

14.00-19.99 

61,715 

61,715 

17.62 

2.72 

years 

- 

20.00-22.99 

18,812 

18,812 

22.78 

1.97 

years 

- 

23.00-24.27 

48,041 

48,041 

24.27 

2.29 

years 

- 

Total 

214,618 

128,568 

15.98 

3.54 

years 

588,000 

Other Stock Based Compensation DNB maintains an Incentive Equity and Deferred Compensation Plan. The plan provides that up to 243,101 shares of common stock may be granted, at the discretion of the Board, to individuals of DNB. Shares already granted are issuable on the earlier of three years after the date of the grant or a change in control of DNB if the recipients are then employed by DNB Vest Date ). Upon issuance of the shares, resale of the shares is restricted for an additional one year, during which the shares may not be sold, pledged or otherwise disposed of. Prior to the Vest Date and in the event the recipient terminates association with DNB for reasons other than death, disability or change in control, the recipient forfeits all rights to the shares that would otherwise be issued under the grant. 

Share awards granted by the plan were recorded at the date of award based on the market value of shares. Awards are being amortized to expense over the three-year cliff- vesting period. DNB records compensation expense equal to the value of the shares being amortized. For the twelve month periods ended December 31, 201 3 and 201 2 , 136 ,000 and 74 ,000 was amortized to expense. At December 31, 201 3 , approximately 279 ,000 in additional compensation will be recognized over the weighted average remaining service period of approximately 2.83 years. At December 31, 201 3 , 141,629 shares were reserved for future grants under the plan. Stock grant activity is indicated below. 

Weighted Average 

Shares 

Stock Price 

Non-vested stock awards - January 1, 2012 

29,200 

8.67 

Granted 

19,070 

15.56 

Forfeited 

- 

- 

Vested 

- 

- 

Non-vested stock awards - December 31, 2012 

48,270 

11.39 

Granted 

17,125 

20.43 

Forfeited 

(400)

15.56 

Vested 

(14,200)

6.93 

Non-vested stock awards - December 31, 2013 

50,795 

15.65 

72 

(14) COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISK 

In the normal course of business, various commitments and contingent liabilities are outstanding, such as guarantees and commitments to extend credit, borrow money or act in a fiduciary capacity, which are not reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Management does not anticipate any significant losses as a result of these commitments. 

DNB had outstanding stand-by letters of credit totaling 1.5 million and unfunded loan and lines of credit commitments totaling 89.4 million at December 31, 201 3 , of which, 80.0 million were variable rate and 9.5 million were fixed rate. 

These instruments involve , to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized on the balance sheet. The exposure to credit loss in the event of non-performance by the party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and stand-by letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount. Management uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. 

Stand-by letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by DNB to guarantee the performance or repayment of a financial obligation of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The credit risks involved in issuing letters of credit are essentially the same as those involved in extending loan facilities to customers. DNB holds various forms of collateral to support these commitments. 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. DNB evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral, if any, obtained upon the extension of credit, usually consists of real estate, but may include securities, property or other assets. 

DNB maintains borrowing arrangements with correspondent banks and the FHLB of Pittsburgh, as well as access to the discount window at the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia to meet short-term liquidity needs. Through these relationships, DNB has available credit of approximately 236.7 million. 

Approximately 148.2 million of assets were held by DNB First Wealth Management in a fiduciary, custody or agency capacity at December 31, 201 3 . These assets are not assets of DNB, and are not included in the consolidated financial statements. 

DNB is a party to a number of lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business. While any litigation causes an element of uncertainty, management is of the opinion that the liability, if any, resulting from the actions, will not have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. 

73 

(15) PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Condensed financial information of DNB Financial Corporation (parent company only) follows: 

Condensed Statements of Financial Condition 

December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2013 

2012 

Assets 

Cash 

157 

222 

Investment securities, at fair value 

18 

14 

Investment in subsidiary 

67,883 

65,945 

Other assets 

111 

118 

Total assets 

68,169 

66,299 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Liabilities 

Junior subordinated debentures 

9,279 

9,279 

Other liabilities 

307 

315 

Total liabilities 

9,586 

9,594 

Stockholders equity 

58,583 

56,705 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

68,169 

66,299 

Year Ended 

Condensed Statements of Income 

December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2013 

2012 

Income: 

Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary 

3,631 

4,843 

Dividends from subsidiary 

590 

721 

Total income 

4,221 

5,564 

Expense: 

Interest expense 

302 

325 

Total expense 

302 

325 

Net income 

3,919 

5,239 

right 

Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Year Ended 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31 

2013 

2012 

Net income 

3,919 

5,239 

Other comprehensive income: 

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period 

Before tax amount 

4 

(1)

Tax effect 

(1)

- 

Net of tax 

3 

(1)

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

3 

(1)

Total comprehensive income 

3,922 

5,238 

74 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2013 

2012 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net income 

3,919 

5,239 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used 

in operating activities: 

Equity in income of subsidiary and dividends 

(4,221)

(5,564)

Unvested stock amortization 

204 

143 

Net change in other liabilities 

(8)

6 

Net change in other assets 

6 

6 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

(100)

(170)

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Payments for investments in and advances to subsidiaries 

(213)

(157)

Sale or repayment of investments in and advances to subsidiaries 

803 

877 

Other, net 

- 

2 

Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities 

590 

722 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

344 

332 

Issuance of preferred stock and warrants 

- 

- 

Repurchase of preferred stock and warrants 

- 

- 

Dividends paid 

(899)

(993)

Net Cash (Used in) Financing Activities 

(555)

(661)

Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

(65)

(109)

Cash and cash equivalents at Beginning of Period 

222 

331 

Cash and cash equivalents at End of Period 

157 

222 

(16) REGULATORY MATTERS 

Under the Federal Reserve s Regulation H, DNB First, National Association may not, without regulatory approval, declare or pay a dividend to DNB if the total of all dividends declared in a calendar year exceeds the total of (a) the Bank s net income for that year and (b) its retained net income for the preceding two calendar years, less any required transfers to additional paid-in capital or to a fund for the retirement of preferred stock. 

Federal banking agencies impose three minimum capital requirements Total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based and Leverage capital. The risk-based capital ratios measure the adequacy of a bank s capital against the riskiness of its assets and off-balance sheet activities. Failure to maintain adequate capital is a basis for prompt corrective action or other regulatory enforcement action. In assessing a bank s capital adequacy, regulators also consider other factors such as interest rate risk exposure; liquidity, funding and market risks; quality and level of earnings; concentrations of credit, quality of loans and investments; risks of any nontraditional activities; effectiveness of bank policies; and management s overall ability to monitor and control risks. 

Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require DNB to maintain certain minimum amounts and ratios as set forth below. Management believes that DNB and the Bank meet all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. The Bank is considered Well Capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as Well Capitalized, the Bank must maintain minimum ratios as set forth below. There are no conditions or events since the most recent regulatory notification that management believes would have changed the Bank s category. Actual capital amounts and ratios are presented in the following table . 

75 

To Be Well 

For Capital 

Capitalized Under 

Adequacy 

Prompt Corrective 

Actual 

Purposes 

Action Provisions 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

DNB Financial Corporation 

December 31, 2013: 

Total risk-based capital 

74,505 

16.40 

36,338 

8.00 

N/A 

N/A 

Tier 1 risk-based capital 

69,727 

15.35 

18,169 

4.00 

N/A 

N/A 

Tier 1 (leverage) capital 

69,727 

10.61 

26,295 

4.00 

N/A 

N/A 

December 31, 2012: 

Total risk-based capital 

71,775 

15.88 

36,153 

8.00 

N/A 

N/A 

Tier 1 risk-based capital 

66,115 

14.63 

18,076 

4.00 

N/A 

N/A 

Tier 1 (leverage) capital 

66,115 

10.50 

25,189 

4.00 

N/A 

N/A 

DNB First, N.A. 

December 31, 2013: 

Total risk-based capital 

74,527 

16.42 

36,306 

8.00 

45,381 

10.00 

Tier 1 risk-based capital 

69,749 

15.37 

18,152 

4.00 

27,229 

6.00 

Tier 1 (leverage) capital 

69,749 

10.60 

26,314 

4.00 

32,893 

5.00 

December 31, 2012: 

Total risk-based capital 

71,737 

15.89 

36,119 

8.00 

45,149 

10.00 

Tier 1 risk-based capital 

66,077 

14.64 

18,060 

4.00 

27,090 

6.00 

Tier 1 (leverage) capital 

66,077 

10.53 

25,110 

4.00 

31,387 

5.00 

(17) BRANCH PURCHASE 

On April 2, 2012 , the Bank entered into a Purchas e and Assumption Agreement with Capital Bank, National Association , to acquire certain assets and assume certain liabilities of one full-service branch office of Capital Bank located in Boothwyn, Pennsylvania (the "Branch Acquis i tion"). 

The Bank consummated the Branch Acquisition on June 11, 2012 . The Bank purchased specified assets of the branch, including personal loans totaling 66,000 , real estate, furniture and equipment totaling 686 ,000 and assumed approximately 15.9 million of deposits. The Branch Acquisition includes the payment to Capital Bank of 130,000 or a 0.82 premium on the deposits , which has been recorded as a core deposit intangible . 

76 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of DNB Financial Corporation Downingtown, Pennsylvania 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of financial condition of DNB Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively the Corporation as of December 31, 2013, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Corporation s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of DNB Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania March 21, 2014 

77 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board of Directors and Stockholders DNB Financial Corporation 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of financial condition of DNB Financial Corporation and subsidiaries (the Corporation as of December 31, 2012, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Corporation s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Corporation is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of DNB Financial Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2012, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ ParenteBeard LLC 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 

March 2 0 , 2013 

78 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

DNB s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of December 31, 201 3 , the end of the period covered by this report, in accordance with the requirements of Exchange Act Rule 240.13a-15(b). Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that DNB s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of December 31, 201 3 . 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Management , with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of DNB s internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 201 3 . To make this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework 1992) . Management believes that, as of December 31, 201 3 , DNB s internal control over financial reporting was effective. This annual report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of DNB s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by DNB s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the exemption provided to issuers that are not large accelerated filers or accelerated filers . 

There have been no changes in internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during our fourth quarter of 201 3 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

The information required herein with respect to Registrant s directors, officers and corporate governance is incorporated by reference to pages 9-19 of DNB s Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and the information required herein with respect to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is incorporated by reference to page 8 of DNB s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. DNB has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to DNB s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. DNB s current Code of Ethics is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 14 to this report. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required herein is incorporated by reference to pages 20-36 of DNB s Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

79 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

(a) Information Regarding Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table summarizes certain information relating to equity compensation plans maintained by DNB as of December 31, 201 3 : 

Number of securities 

remaining available 

Number of securities 

for future issuance 

to be issued 

Weighted- 

under equity 

upon exercise of 

average price of 

compensation plans 

outstanding options, 

outstanding options, 

(excluding securities 

Plan category 

warrants and rights 

warrants and rights 

reflected in first column) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

1995 Stock Option Plan 

207,303 

15.92 

335,279 

2004 Incentive Equity and Deferred Compensation Plan 

50,795 

15.65 

141,629 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security 

holders 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

258,098 

15.87 

476,908 

(b) The balance of the information required herein is incorporated by reference to pages 7-8 of DNB s Proxy Statement for the 201 4 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence 

The information required herein is incorporated by reference to pages 16 and 36 of DNB s Proxy Statement for the 201 4 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required herein is incorporated by reference to pages 37-39 of DNB s Proxy Statement for the 201 4 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

80 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)(1) Financial Statements. 

The 2013 consolidated financial statements listed below, together with an opinion of BDO USA, LLP, dated March 2 1 , 201 4 for the year end ing December 31, 201 3 with respect thereto, are set forth beginning at page 4 0 of this report under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The 2012 consolidated financial statements listed below, together with an opinion of ParenteBeard, LLC, dated March 20, 2013 for the year ending December 31, 2012 with respect thereto, are set forth beginning at page 4 0 of this report under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Report s of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
					 
						 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
					 
						 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(a)(2) Not applicable 

(a)(3) Exhibits, pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

The exhibits listed on the Index to Exhibits on pages 83 - 8 6 of this report are incorporated by reference and filed or furnished herewith in response to this Item. 

81 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DNB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

March 21 , 201 4 

BY: 

/s/ William S. Latoff 
					 
						 William S. Latoff, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ William S. Latoff 
					 
						 William S . Latoff , Chairman of the 
					 
						 Board and Chief Executive Officer 
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer) 

March 21, 2014 

/s/ William J. Hieb 
					 
						 William J. Hieb, Director, President and 
					 
						 Chief Risk Credit Officer 

March 2 1 , 201 4 

/s/ Gerald F. Sopp 
					 
						 Gerald F. Sopp 
					 
						 Chief Financial Officer 
					 
						 (Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) 

March 21, 2014 

/s/ James R. Biery 
					 
						 James R. Biery 
					 
						 Director 

March 21, 2014 

/s/ Thomas A. Fillippo 
					 
						 Thomas A. Fillippo 
					 
						 Director 

March 21, 2014 

/s/ Gerard F. Griesser 
					 
						 Gerard F. Griesser 
					 
						 Director 

March 21, 2014 

/s/ Mildred C. Joyner 
					 
						 Mildred C. Joyner 
					 
						 Director 

March 21, 2014 

/s/ James J. Koegel 
					 
						 James J. Koegel 
					 
						 Director 

March 21, 2014 

/s/ James H. Thornton 
					 
						 James H. Thornton 
					 
						 Director 

March 21, 2014 

82 

Index to Exhibits 

Exhibit No. Under Item 601 of Regulation S-K 

2 

(i) 

Purchase and Assumption Agreement, by and between DNB First, National Association and Capital Bank, National Association dated as of April 2, 2012 filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K (No. 1-34242) on April 4, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3 

(i) 

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended effective December 8, 2008, filed March 31, 2009 as item 3(i) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year-ended December 31, 2008 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(ii) 

Bylaws of the Registrant as amended December 8, 2008, filed March 31, 2009 as item 3(ii) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year-ended December 31, 2008 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(iii) 

Certificate of Designations of Fixed Rate Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series 2008A of DNB Financial Corporation, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K (No. 1-34242) on January 26, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4 

(a) 

Registrant has certain debt obligations outstanding, for none of which do the instruments defining holders rights authorize an amount of securities in excess of 10 of the total assets of the Registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Registrant agrees to furnish copies of such agreements to the Commission on request. 

(b) 

Form of Preferred Stock Certificate to the United States Department of the Treasury, filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K (No. 1-34242) on January 30, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(c) 

Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock to the United States Department of the Treasury, filed as Exhibit 4.5 to Form 8-K (No. 1-34242) on January 30, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(d) 

Form of Certificate for 13,000 shares of Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series 2011A, 10.00 par value per share of DNB Financial Corporation, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to Form 8-K (No. 1-34242) on August 8, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(e) 

Certificate of Designation of Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series 2011A, 10.00 par value per share, filed as Exhibit 99.3 to Form 8-K (No. 1-34242) on August 8, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10 

(a) 

Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreements dated December 20, 2006 between DNB Financial Corporation and DNB First, N.A. and the following executive officers, each in the form filed March 26, 2007 as item 10(a) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year-ended December 31, 2006 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference: Bruce E. Moroney, C. Tomlinson Kline III, and Richard J. Hartmann. 

(b) 

1995 Stock Option Plan of DNB Financial Corporation (as amended and restated, effective as of April 25, 2012), filed on March 22, 2012 as Appendix A to Registrant s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders held April 25, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(c) 

DNB Financial Corporation Incentive Equity and Deferred Compensation Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective May 5, 2009), filed March 31, 2009 as Appendix A to Registrant s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14-A (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(d) 

Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement among DNB Financial Corporation, DNB First, N.A. and William S. Latoff, dated December 20, 2006, filed March 26, 2007 as item 10(e) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year-ended December 31, 2006 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(e) 

Agreement of Lease dated February 10, 2005 between Headwaters Associates, a Pennsylvania general partnership, as Lessor, and DNB First, National Association as Lessee for a portion of premises at 2 North Church Street, West Chester, Pennsylvania, filed March 10, 2005 as Item 10(l) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference, as amended by Addendum to Agreement of Lease dated as of November 15, 2005, filed March 23, 2006 as Item 10(l) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference, and as further amended by Second Addendum to Agreement of Lease dated as of May 25, 2006, filed August 14, 2006 as Item 10(l) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2006 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference, and as further amended by Third Addendum to Agreement of Lease dated as of June 9, 2010, filed August 13, 2010 as Item 10(f) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2010 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference and as further amended by Fourth Addendum to Agreement of Lease dated as of June 30, 2013, filed August 9, 2013 as Item 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2013 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

83 

(f) 

Form of Stock Option Agreement for grants prior to 2005 under the Registrant s Stock Option Plan, filed May 11, 2005 as Item 10(n) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2005 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(g) 

Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement for April 18, 2005 and subsequent grants prior to April 23, 2010 under the Stock Option Plan, filed May 11, 2005 as Item 10(o) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2005 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(h) 

Agreement of Sale dated June 1, 2005 between DNB First, National Association (the Bank ), as seller, and Papermill Brandywine Company, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company, as buyer Buyer with respect to the sale of the Bank s operations center and an adjunct administrative office (the Property and accompanying (i) Agreement of Lease between the Buyer as landlord and the Bank as tenant, pursuant to which the Property will be leased back to the Bank, and (ii) Parking Easement Agreement to provide cross easements with respect to the Property, the Buyer s other adjoining property and the Bank s other adjoining property, filed August 15, 2005 as Item 10(p) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2005 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(i) 

Agreement of Lease dated November 18, 2005 between Papermill Brandywine Company, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company Papermill ), as Lessor, and DNB First, National Association as Lessee for the banks operations center and adjunct administrative office, filed March 23, 2006 as Item 10(q) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(j) 

Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement among DNB Financial Corporation, DNB First, N.A. and William J. Hieb, filed May 15, 2007 as Item 10(l) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2007 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(k) 

Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement for grants on and after December 22, 2005 and prior to April 23, 2010 under the Stock Option Plan, filed March 23, 2006 as Item 10(s) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(l) 

Deferred Compensation Plan For Directors of DNB Financial Corporation (adopted effective October 1, 2006), filed November 14, 2006 as Item 10(s) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2006 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(m) 

DNB Financial Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan (adopted effective October 1, 2006), filed November 14, 2006 as Item 10(t) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2006 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(n) 

Trust Agreement, effective as of October 1, 2006, between DNB Financial Corporation and DNB First, National Association (Deferred Compensation Plan), filed November 14, 2006 as Item 10(u) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2006 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(o) 

Change of Control Agreements among DNB Financial Corporation, DNB First, N.A. and each of the following executive officers, each in the form filed March 26, 2007 as item 10(q) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year-ended December 31, 2006 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference: Albert J. Melfi, Jr. and Gerald F. Sopp. 

(p) 

DNB Financial Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan for William S. Latoff as amended and restated effective April 1, 2007, filed May 15, 2007 as Item 10(r) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2007 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference, as further amended by Amendment dated December 8, 2008, filed March 31, 2009 as item 3(r) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year-ended December 31, 2008 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(q) 

Trust Agreement effective as of December 20, 2006 between DNB Financial Corporation and DNB First, N.A. (William S. Latoff SERP), filed March 26, 2007 as item 10(s) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year-ended December 31, 2006 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference, as modified by Agreement to Terminate Trust dated as of April 1, 2007, filed May 15, 2007 as Item 10(s) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2007 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(r) 

DNB Offer Letter to Albert J. Melfi, Jr., dated November 10, 2006, filed March 26, 2005 as item 10(t) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year-ended December 31, 2006 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(s) 

DNB Offer Letter to Gerald F. Sopp, dated December 20, 2006, filed March 26, 2007 as item 10(u) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year-ended December 31, 2006 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(t) 

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement dated November, 28, 2007, filed March 28, 2008 as item 10(v) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year-ended December 31, 2007 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

84 

(u) 

Restricted Stock Award Agreement dated April 23, 2010 between DNB Financial Corporation and William S. Latoff, filed August 13, 2010 as Item 10(x) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2010 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(v) 

Form of Restricted Stock Option Agreement for non-employee directors for awards made on and after April 23, 2010 pursuant to the 1995 Stock Option Plan of DNB Financial Corporation (as amended and restated, effective as of April 27, 2004), filed August 13, 2010 as Item 10(y) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2010 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(w) 

Form of Restricted Stock Option Agreement for employees for awards made on and after April 23, 2010 pursuant to the 1995 Stock Option Plan of DNB Financial Corporation (as amended and restated, effective as of April 27, 2004), filed August 13, 2010 as Item 10(z) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2010 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(x) 

Form of Amendment effective April 23, 2010, to the Restricted Stock Award agreements made between James H. Thornton, James J. Koegel, Mildred C. Joyner and Thomas A. Fillippo, non-employee Directors of the registrant, and the registrant on November 28, 2007 and December 17, 2008, filed August 13, 2010 as Item 10(aa) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2010 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(y) 

Form of Amendment effective April 23, 2010, to the Restricted Stock Award agreements made between Eli Silberman, a non-employee Director of the registrant, and the registrant on November 28, 2007 and December 17, 2008, filed August 13, 2010 as Item 10(bb) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2010 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(z) 

Form of Amendment effective April 23, 2010, to the Restricted Stock Award agreements made between William S. Latoff, William J. Hieb, Albert J. Melfi, Gerald F. Sopp and Bruce E. Moroney, officers of the registrant, and the registrant on November 28, 2007 and December 17, 2008, filed August 13, 2010 as Item 10(cc) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2010 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

(aa) 

Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of August 4, 2011, between the Secretary of the Treasury and DNB Financial Corporation, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K (No. 1-34242) on August 8, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(bb) 

Letter Agreement dated August 4, 2011 between the Secretary of the Treasury and DNB Financial Corporation, filed as Exhibit 99.4 to Form 8-K (No. 1-34242) on August 8, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(cc) 

Warrant Letter Agreement, dated September 21, 2011, between DNB Financial Corporation and the Secretary of the Treasury, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K (No. 1-34242) on September 22, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(dd) 

Form of Amendment to Change of Control Agreement For Named Executive Officers, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K (No. 1-34242) on October 28, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(ee) 

Restricted Stock Award Agreement dated December 12, 2011 between DNB Financial Corporation and William S. Latoff, filed as Item 99.1 to Form 8-K/A (No. 1-34242) on January 6, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(ff) 

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Directors, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K (No. 1-34242) on December 21, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(gg) 

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for employees, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to Form 8-K (No. 1-34242) on December 21, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(hh) 

Amended Change of Control Agreement among DNB Financial Corporation, DNB First, N.A. and Gerald F. Sopp, filed as Exhibit 99.3 to Form 8-K (No. 1-34242) on December 21, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 

11 

Registrant s Statement of Computation of Earnings Per Share is set forth in Note 12 to Registrant s consolidated financial statements at of this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

14 

Code of Ethics as amended and restated effective February 23, 2005, filed March 10, 2005 as Item 10(m) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004 (No. 1-34242) and incorporated herein by reference. 

16.1 

Letter dated June 27, 2013 from ParenteBeard to the Securities and Exchange Commission, filed as Exhibit 16.1 to Form 8-K (No. 1-34242) on July 7, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

21 

List of Subsidiaries, filed herewith. 

23.1 

Consent of BDO USA , LLP, filed herewith. 

23.2 

Consent of ParenteBeard LLC, filed herewith. 

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14 (a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer, filed herewith. 

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14 (a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer, filed herewith. 

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, filed herewith. 

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, filed herewith. 

85 

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

Management contract or compensatory plan arrangement. 

Stockholder approved compensatory plan pursuant to which DNB s Common Stock may be issued to employees of DNB. 

86 

DNB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
					 
						 CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS 
					 
						 4 Brandywine Avenue 
					 
						 Downingtown, PA 19335 
					 
						 Tel. 610-269-1040 Fax 484-359-3176 
					 
						 www.dnbfirst.com 
					 
						 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
					 
						 Investors, brokers, security analysts and 
					 
						 others desiring financial information 
					 
						 should contact Gerald F. Sopp at 
					 
						 484-359-3143 or gsopp@dnbfirst.com 
					 
						 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC 
					 
						 ACCOUNTING FIRM 
					 
						 BDO USA, LLP 
					 
						 Ten Penn Center, 1801 Market Street 
					 
						 Suite 1700 
					 
						 Philadelphia, PA 19103 
					 
						 COUNSEL 
					 
						 Stradley, Ronon, Stevens and Young, LLP 
					 
						 2600 One Commerce Square 
					 
						 Philadelphia, PA 19103 
					 
						 REGISTRAR AND STOCK 
					 
						 TRANSFER AGENT 
					 
						 Registrar and Transfer Company 
					 
						 10 Commerce Drive 
					 
						 Cranford, NJ 07016 
					 
						 800-368-5948 
					 
						 www.rtco.com 
					 
						 MARKET MAKERS 
					 
						 Boenning Scattergood, Inc. 
					 
						 800-842-8928 
					 
						 FIG Partners 
					 
						 866-344-2657 
					 
						 Janney Montgomery Scott, Inc. 
					 
						 800-526-6397 
					 
						 Raymond James Financial, Inc. 
					 
						 800-800-4693 

DIRECTORS 
					 
						 William S. Latoff 
					 
						 Chairman and Chief Executive 
					 
						 Officer 
					 
						 James R. Biery Thomas A. Fillippo, Sr. 
					 
						 Gerard F. Griesser 
					 
						 William J. Hieb 
					 
						 Mildred C. Joyner 
					 
						 James J. Koegel 
					 
						 James H. Thornton 
					 
						 DIRECTORS EMERITUS 
					 
						 Robert J. Charles 
					 
						 Vernon J. Jameson 
					 
						 Eli Silberman 
					 
						 Henry F. Thorne 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
					 
						 William S. Latoff 
					 
						 Chairman and Chief Executive 
					 
						 Officer 
					 
						 William J. Hieb 
					 
						 President and Chief Risk Credit 
					 
						 Officer 
					 
						 Vince Liuzzi 
					 
						 Executive Vice President 
					 
						 Chief Banking Officer 
					 
						 Albert J. Melfi, Jr. 
					 
						 Executive Vice President 
					 
						 Chief Lending Officer 
					 
						 Bruce E. Moroney 
					 
						 Executive Vice President 
					 
						 Chief Accounting Officer 
					 
						 Gerald F. Sopp 
					 
						 Executive Vice President 
					 
						 Chief Financial Officer Secretary 

<EX-21>
 7
 dnbf-20131231ex2149beaab.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiary List 

Name 

Jurisdiction 

DNB First, National Association ............................................................................................................................. 

PA 

DNB Capital Trust I ............................................................................................................................................... 

DE 

DNB Capital Trust II ............................................................................................................................................. 

DE 

DOWNCO, Inc. ................................................................................................................................................... 

PA 

DNB Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a DNB Investments Insurance ................................................................................... 

PA 

DN Acquisition Company, Inc ................................................................................................................................. 

PA 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 dnbf-20131231ex23111661f.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 231

Exhibit 23 .1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

DNB Financial Corporation 

Downingtown, Pennsylvania 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 No. 333-131954 and Forms S-8 No. 333-78913, No. 333-121145, No. 333-125999, No. 333-126610, No. 333-138214 and No. 333-183318 of DNB Financial Corporation of our report dated March 2 1 , 201 4 , relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 
					 
						 Philadelphia , Pennsylvania 
					 
						 March 2 1 , 201 4 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 9
 dnbf-20131231ex23299e6dc.htm
 EX-23.2

Exhibit 232

Exhibit 23 .2 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

DNB Financial Corporation Downingtown, Pennsylvania 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 No. 333-131954 and Forms S-8 No. 333-78913, No. 333-121145, No. 333-125999, No. 333-126610, No. 333-138214, and No. 333-183318 of DNB Financial Corporation of our report dated March 20, 2013, relating to the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012, which appear in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ ParenteBeard LLC 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania March 21, 2014 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 dnbf-20131231ex3118bac1e.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311

Exhibit 31.1 

RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

CERTIFICATION 

I, William S. Latoff, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of DNB Financial Corporation (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

3 

/s/ William S. Latoff 
					 
						 William S. Latoff 
					 
						 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer) 
					 
						 March 2 1 , 201 4 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 dnbf-20131231ex312c817bd.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312

Exhibit 31.2 

RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Gerald F. Sopp, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of DNB Financial Corporation (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

3 

/s/ Gerald F. Sopp 
					 
						 Gerald F. Sopp 
					 
						 Chief Financial Officer 
					 
						 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
					 
						 March 2 1 , 201 4 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 dnbf-20131231ex3217efe76.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 321

Exhibit 32 . 1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of DNB Financial Corporation (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 201 3 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, William S. Latoff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

3 

/s/ William S. Latoff 
					 
						 William S. Latoff 
					 
						 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer) 
					 
						 March 2 1 , 201 4 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 dnbf-20131231ex322d96a34.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 322

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of DNB Financial Corporation (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 201 3 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gerald F. Sopp, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

2 

/s/ Gerald F. Sopp 
					 
						 Gerald F. Sopp 
					 
						 Chief Financial Officer 
					 
						 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
					 
						 March 2 1 , 201 4 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 dnbf-20131231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 dnbf-20131231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.INS>
 16
 dnbf-20131231.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 dnbf-20131231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 dnbf-20131231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 dnbf-20131231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

