<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20150227_10-K_edgar_data_1075607_0001047469-15-001369.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11566746</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>455670</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2913572</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2755817</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2751675</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2405809</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>23</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001047469-15-001369.hdr.sgml : 20150227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20150227112809
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001047469-15-001369
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		27
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TC PIPELINES LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001075607
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION [4922]
		IRS NUMBER:				522135448
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35358
		FILM NUMBER:		15655900

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 LOUISIANA STREET, SUITE 700
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002-2700
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(877) 290-2772

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 LOUISIANA STREET, SUITE 700
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002-2700

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001047469-15-001369.txt : 20150227

10-K
 1
 a2223176z10-k.htm
 FORM 10-K

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from to

Commission File Number: 001-35358 

 TC PipeLines, LP (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware State or other jurisdiction 
of incorporation or organization 
 
 52-2135448 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

700 Louisiana Street, Suite 700 
Houston, Texas (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 77002-2761 (Zip code) 

877-290-2772 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Common units representing limited partner interests 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter)
is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "small reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a small reporting company) 
 
 Small Reporting Company 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). Yes No 

 The aggregate market value of the common units of the registrant held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2014 was approximately
 2.3 billion. 

 As
of February 24, 2015, there were 63,561,546 common units of the registrant outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 None

TC PIPELINES, LP 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 7 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 17 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 28 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 28 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 29 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 29 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 30 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 31 

Item 7. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 31 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 47 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 49 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 49 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 49 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 50 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 50 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 55 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 58 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 59 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 64 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 64 

Signatures 

70 

All amounts are stated in United States dollars unless otherwise
indicated. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

3 

Definitions 

 The abbreviations, acronyms, and industry terminology used in this annual report are defined as follows: 

2014 Acquisition 
 
 Partnership's acquisition of the remaining 30 percent interest in Bison from a subsidiary of TransCanada 

2013 Acquisition 

Acquisition of an additional 45 percent membership interest in each of GTN and Bison by the Partnership to increase ownership to 70 percent 

2011 Acquisition 

Acquisition from subsidiaries of TransCanada of a 25 percent membership interest in each of GTN and Bison 

AFUDC 

Allowance for funds used during construction 

ASC 

Accounting Standards Codification 

ASU 

Accounting Standards Update 

ATM program 

At-the-market Equity Issuance Program 

Bison 

Bison Pipeline LLC 

Carty Lateral 

The proposed GTN lateral pipeline 

Consolidated Subsidiaries 

GTN, Bison, North Baja and Tuscarora 

Delaware Act 

Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act 

DOT 

U.S. Department of Transportation 

Dth/day 

Dekatherms per day 

DSUs 

Deferred Share Units 

EPA 

U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 

FASB 

Financial Accounting Standards Board 

FERC 

Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 

Fracking 

Horizontal drilling in combination with multi-stage hydraulic fracturing 

GAAP 

U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 

General Partner 

TC PipeLines GP, Inc. 

GHG 

Greenhouse Gas 

Great Lakes 

Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership 

Great Lakes Rate Settlement 

Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement for Great Lakes regarding its rates and terms and conditions of service 

GTN 

Gas Transmission Northwest LLC 

GTN Settlement 

Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement for GTN regarding its rates and terms and conditions of service 

HCAs 

High consequence areas 

IDRs 

Incentive Distribution Rights 

IRS 

Internal Revenue Service 

KPMG 

KPMG LLP 

LDCs 

Local Distribution Companies 

LIBOR 

London Interbank Offered Rate 

LNG 

Liquefied Natural Gas 

Mainline 

TransCanada's Mainline, a natural gas transmission system extending from the Alberta/Saskatchewan border east to Quebec 

4 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

NGA 

Natural Gas Act of 1938 

North Baja 

North Baja Pipeline, LLC 

Northern Border 

Northern Border Pipeline Company 

Northern Border Settlement 

Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement for Northern Border regarding its rates and conditions of service 

NYSE 

New York Stock Exchange 

Partnership 

TC PipeLines, LP including its subsidiaries, as applicable 

Partnership Agreement 

Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership 

PHMSA 

U.S. Department of Transportation Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration 

SEC 

Securities and Exchange Commission 

Senior Credit Facility 

TC PipeLines, LP's senior credit facility under revolving credit agreement as amended and restated, dated November 20, 2012 

Short-Term Loan Facility 

TC PipeLines, LP short-term loan facility under loan agreement dated October 1, 2014 

Term Loan Facility 

TC PipeLines, LP's term loan credit facility under a term loan agreement dated July 1, 2013 

TransCanada 

TransCanada Corporation and its subsidiaries 

Tuscarora 

Tuscarora Gas Transmission Company 

U.S. 

United States of America 

WCSB 

Western Canada Sedimentary Basin 

Wholly-owned subsidiaries 

Bison, North Baja, and Tuscarora 

Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, TC PipeLines, LP and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to in
this annual report as "we," "us," "our" and "the Partnership." We use "our pipeline systems" and "our pipelines" when referring to the Partnership's ownership interests in Gas Transmission
Northwest LLC (GTN), Northern Border Pipeline Company (Northern Border), Bison Pipeline LLC (Bison), Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership (Great Lakes), North Baja
Pipeline, LLC (North Baja) and Tuscarora Gas Transmission Company (Tuscarora). 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

5 

PART I 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

 This report includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are identified by words and phrases such as: "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe,"
"forecast," "should," "predict," "could," "will," "may," and other terms and expressions of similar meaning. The absence of these words, however, does not mean that the statements are not
forward-looking. These statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on currently available information and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding anticipated
financial performance, future capital expenditures, liquidity, market or competitive conditions, regulations, organic or strategic growth opportunities, contract renewals and ability to market open
capacity, business prospects, outcome of regulatory proceedings and cash distributions to unitholders. 

 Forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the results predicted. Factors that could cause actual
results and our financial condition to differ materially from those contemplated in forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

the
ability of our pipeline systems to sell available capacity on favorable terms and renew expiring contracts which are affected by, among other factors:

demand
for natural gas;
 changes
in relative cost structures and production levels of natural gas producing basins;
 natural
gas prices and regional differences;
 weather
conditions;
 availability
and location of natural gas supplies in Canada and the United States (U.S.) in relation to our pipeline systems;
 competition
from other pipeline systems;
 natural
gas storage levels; and
 rates
and terms of service;
 
 the
performance by the shippers of their contractual obligations on our pipeline systems;
 the
outcome and frequency of rate proceedings or settlement negotiations on our pipeline systems;
 changes
in the taxation of master limited partnership investments by state or federal governments such as the elimination of pass-through taxation or tax deferred
distributions;
 increases
in operational or compliance costs resulting from changes in laws and governmental regulations affecting our pipeline systems, particularly regulations issued by
the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT);
 the
impact of recent significant declines in oil and natural gas prices, including the effects on the creditworthiness of our shippers;
 our
ongoing ability to grow distributions through acquisitions, accretive expansions or other growth opportunities, including the closure of announced acquisitions and the
timing and structure of further potential acquisitions;
 potential
conflicts of interest between TC PipeLines GP, Inc., our general partner (General Partner), TransCanada and us;
 the
ability to maintain secure operation of our information technology;
 the
impact of any impairment charges; 

6 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

operating
hazards, casualty losses and other matters beyond our control; and
 the
level of our indebtedness, including the indebtedness of our pipeline systems, and the availability of capital. 

 These
and other risks are described in greater detail in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors." All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting
on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these factors. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. All forward-looking
statements are made only as of the date made and except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect new information, subsequent events
or other changes. 

Item 1. Business 

NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

General 

 We are a Delaware master limited partnership, and our common units are traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol TCP. We were formed by TransCanada
Corporation and its subsidiaries (TransCanada) in 1998, to acquire, own and participate in the management of energy infrastructure businesses in North America. Our pipeline systems transport natural
gas in the U.S. 

 We
are managed by our General Partner, which is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of TransCanada. Through its subsidiaries, TransCanada owns an approximate
28.3 percent equity interest in us, including a 26.3 percent limited partner interest and an effective two percent general partner interest held by our General Partner.
See Part II, Item 5. "Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities" for more information regarding TransCanada's ownership
in us. 

Recent Business Developments 

 Cash Distributions In July 2014, we increased our quarterly distribution by
3.7 percent to 0.84 per common unit and during 2014, we paid cash distributions totaling 3.30 per common unit. The increased distribution exceeded the first target of the General Partner's
incentive distribution rights (IDRs) by 0.03 per common unit, resulting in an increase in the distribution to the General Partner from 2 to 15 as a result of the incremental distribution exceeding
the first IDR target. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the IDRs paid to the General Partner were approximately 1 million. 

 On
February 13, 2015, we paid a cash distribution of 0.84 per common unit for the fourth quarter of 2014. 

 ATM Equity Issuance Program (ATM Program) In August 2014, we entered
into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the EDA) with five different financial institutions (Managers), pursuant to which, the Partnership may from time to time, offer and sell common units
having an aggregate offering price of up to 200 million. Sales of such common units will be made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions on the NYSE at market prices, in block transactions
or as otherwise agreed upon by one or more of the Managers and the Partnership. 

 In
2014, the Partnership issued 1.3 million common units under the ATM Program generating net proceeds of approximately 72 million, plus an additional
 1 million from the General Partner's to maintain its effective two percent interest. 

 Bison Acquisition On October 1, 2014, we acquired the remaining
30 percent interest in Bison from a subsidiary of TransCanada. The total purchase price of the 2014 Acquisition was 215 million plus purchase price adjustments of approximately
 2 million. The 2014 Acquisition was financed through a combination of (i) net proceeds from the ATM Program and (ii) short-term financing. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

7 

Short-Term Loan Facility On October 1, 2014, the
Partnership borrowed 170 million payable in 364-days. The outstanding principal bears interest based on the LIBOR plus an applicable margin.
We used the proceeds to fund a portion of the 2014 Acquisition and reduce the amount outstanding under our Senior Credit Facility. 

 GTN Acquisition On February 24, 2015, we entered into an agreement to acquire
the remaining 30 percent interest in GTN from TransCanada for 446 million comprised of 253 million in cash, the assumption of 98 million in proportional GTN debt and the
issuance of 95 million of new Class B units to TransCanada. The Partnership plans to fund the cash portion of the transaction through a combination of debt and common equity. The
Class B units will be entitled to a distribution based on 30 percent of GTN's annual distributions as follows: i) for the first five years, 100 percent of distributions
above 20 million; and ii) for subsequent years, 25 percent of distributions above 20 million. The transaction is expected to close on April 1, 2015. 

 The
transaction was approved by the Board of Directors of the general partner, based on approval and recommendation from the Board's conflicts committee which is comprised
entirely of independent directors. 

Business Strategies 

Our
strategy is to invest in long-life critical energy infrastructure that provides reliable delivery of energy to customers.
 Our
investment approach is to develop or acquire assets that provide stable cash distributions and opportunities for new capital additions, while maintaining a low-risk
profile. We are opportunistic and disciplined in our approach when identifying new investments.
 Our
goal is to maximize revenue opportunities over the long-term through efficient utilization of our pipeline systems and appropriate business strategies, while maintaining
a commitment to safe and reliable operations. 

Understanding the Natural Gas Pipelines Business 

 Natural gas pipelines move natural gas from major sources of supply or upstream pipelines to downstream pipelines or locations or markets that use natural gas to meet their
energy needs. Pipeline systems include meter stations that record how much natural gas comes on to the pipeline and how much comes off at the delivery locations; compressor stations that act like
pumps to move the large volumes of natural gas along the pipeline; and the pipelines themselves that transport natural gas under high pressure. 

 Regulation, rates and cost recovery 

 Interstate natural gas pipelines are regulated by FERC. FERC approves the construction of new pipeline facilities and regulates certain aspects of ongoing operations including
the maximum rates that are allowed to be charged. Maximum rates are based on operating costs, which include allowances for operating and maintenance costs, income and property taxes, interest on debt,
depreciation expense to recover invested capital and a return on the capital invested. Although FERC regulates maximum rates for services, interstate natural gas pipelines frequently face competition
and therefore may choose to discount their services in order to compete. 

 Because
FERC rate reviews are periodic and not annual, actual revenues and costs typically vary from those projected during the rate case. If revenues no longer provide a
reasonable opportunity to recover costs, a pipeline can file with FERC for a determination of new rates, subject to any moratoriums in effect. FERC also has the authority to initiate a review to
determine whether a pipeline's rates of return are just and reasonable. Sometimes a settlement or agreement with the pipeline shippers is achieved, which may include mutually beneficial performance
incentives. FERC must approve the components of any settlement. 

 Contracting 

 New pipeline projects are typically supported by long-term contracts. The term of the contracts is dependent on the individual developer's appetite for risk and is a function
of expected rates of return and stability and certainty of 

8 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

returns.
Transportation contracts expire at varying times and underpin varying amounts of capacity. As existing contracts approach their expiration dates, efforts are made to extend and/or renew the
contracts. If market conditions are not favorable at the time of renewal, transportation capacity may remain uncontracted, contracted at lower rates or contracted on a shorter-term basis. Unsold
capacity may be recontracted if and when market conditions become more favorable. The ability to extend and/or renew expiring contracts and the terms of such subsequent contracts will depend upon the
overall commercial environment, including factors such as: 

demand
for natural gas;
 cost
structures and production levels of natural gas producing basins;
 natural
gas prices and regional differences in natural gas prices;
 weather
conditions; and
 availability
and location of natural gas supplies. 

 Business environment 

 The North American natural gas pipeline network has been developed to connect supply to market. Use and growth of this infrastructure is affected by changes in the location and
relative cost of natural gas supply and changing market demand. 

The
map below shows the location of the North American basins in relation to our pipeline systems. 

Supply 

 Natural gas is primarily transported from producing regions and, in limited circumstances, from liquefied natural gas (LNG) import facilities to market hubs or interconnects
for distribution to natural gas consumers. Recent development of 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

9 

shale
and other unconventional gas reserves has resulted in increases in overall North American natural gas production and economically recoverable reserves. 

 There
has been an increase in production from the development of shale gas reserves that are located close to traditional existing markets, particularly in the Northeastern
U.S. This has increased the number of supply choices for natural gas consumers resulting in changes to historical natural gas pipeline flow patterns. 

 The
supply of natural gas in North America is expected to continue increasing significantly over the next decade and over the long-term for a number of reasons, including
the following: 

use
of technology, including horizontal drilling in combination with multi-stage hydraulic fracturing (fracking), is allowing companies to access unconventional resources
economically. This has increased the technically accessible resource base of existing basins and is opening up new producing regions; and
 application
of these technologies to existing oil fields where further recovery of the existing resource is now possible. There is often associated gas discovered in the
exploration and production of liquids-rich hydrocarbon basins, (for example the Bakken oil fields) which also contributes to an increase in the overall gas supply for North America. 

 Other
factors that can influence the overall level of natural gas supply in North America include: 

the
price of natural gas low prices in North America may increase demand but slow drilling activities that in turn diminish
production levels, particularly in dry natural gas fields where the extra revenue generated from the entrained liquids is not available. High natural gas prices may encourage higher drilling
activities but may decrease the level of demand;
 producer
portfolio diversification large producers often diversify their portfolios by developing several basins but this is
influenced by actual costs to develop the resource as well as economic access to markets and cost of pipeline transportation services. Basin-on-basin competition impacts the extent and timing of a
resource development that, in turn, drives changing dynamics for pipeline capacity demand; and
 regulatory
and public scrutiny changes in regulations that apply to fracking could impact the cost and pace of development of natural
gas in these large shale and unconventional basins. 

 Demand 

 The natural gas pipeline business ultimately depends on a shipper's demand for pipeline capacity and the price paid for that capacity. Demand for pipeline capacity is
influenced by, among other things, supply and market competition, economic activity, weather conditions, natural gas pipeline and storage competition and the price of alternative fuels. 

The
growing supply of natural gas has resulted in relatively low natural gas prices in North America which has supported increased demand for natural gas particularly in the
following areas: 

natural
gas fired power generation;
 petrochemical
and industrial facilities;
 the
production of Alberta's oil sands;
 exports
to Mexico to fuel electric power generation facilities; and
 exports
from North America to global markets through a number of proposed LNG export facilities. 

 Commodity Prices 

 In general, the profitability of the natural gas pipelines business is not directly tied to commodity prices given we are a transporter of the commodity and the transportation
costs are not tied to the price of natural gas. However, the cyclical supply and demand nature of commodities and its price impact can have a secondary impact on our business where our shippers may
choose to accelerate or delay certain projects. This can impact the timing for the demand of transportation services and/or new gas pipeline infrastructure. 

10 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

Competition 

 Competition among natural gas pipelines is based primarily on transportation rates and proximity to natural gas supply areas and consuming markets. Changes in supply locations
and regional demand have resulted in changes to pipeline flow dynamics. Where pipelines historically transported natural gas from one or two supply sources to their markets under long-term contracts,
today many pipelines transport gas in multiple directions and with shorter contract terms. Some pipelines have even reversed their flows in order to adapt to changing sources of supply. Competition
among pipelines to attract supply and new or existing markets to their systems has also increased across North America. 

Our Pipeline Systems 

 We have equity ownership interests in two natural gas interstate pipeline systems that are accounted for on an equity basis, as well as three wholly-owned and one
majority-owned pipeline that are accounted for on a consolidated basis. Collectively, they are designed to transport approximately 8.9 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas from
producing regions and import facilities to market hubs and consuming markets primarily in the Western and Midwestern U.S. All of our pipeline systems are operated by subsidiaries
of TransCanada. 

 Our
pipeline systems include: 

Pipeline 
 
 Length 
 
 Description 
 
 Ownership 

GTN 
 
 1,353 miles 
 
 Extends between an interconnection near Kingsgate, British Columbia, Canada at the Canadian border to a point near Malin, Oregon at the California border and delivers natural gas to the Pacific Northwest and to
California. TransCanada currently owns the remaining 30 percent of GTN. 
 
 70 (1) 

Northern Border 

1,408 miles 

Extends between the Canadian border near Port of Morgan, Montana to a terminus near North Hayden, Indiana, south of Chicago. Northern Border is capable of receiving natural gas from Canada, the Williston Basin and Rocky Mountain Basin. ONEOK Partners,
 L.P. owns the remaining 50 percent of Northern Border. 

50 

Bison 

303 miles 

Extends from a location near Gillette, Wyoming to Northern Border's pipeline system in North Dakota. Bison transports natural gas from the Powder River Basin to Midwest markets. 

100 

Great Lakes 

2,115 miles 

Connects with the TransCanada Mainline at the Canadian border near Emerson, Manitoba, Canada and St. Clair, Michigan, near Detroit. Great Lakes is a bi-directional pipeline that can receive and deliver natural gas at multiple points along its
system. TransCanada owns the remaining 53.55 percent of Great Lakes. 

46.45 

North Baja 

86 miles 

Extends between an interconnection with the El Paso Natural Gas Company pipeline near Ehrenberg, Arizona and an interconnection with a natural gas pipeline near Ogilby, California on the Mexican border. North Baja is a bi-directional
pipeline. 

100 

Tuscarora 

305 miles 

Extends between the GTN pipeline near Malin, Oregon to its terminus near Reno, Nevada and delivers natural gas in northeastern California and northwestern Nevada. 

100 

(1) Upon
the closing of the GTN Acquisition, the Partnership will own 100 of GTN. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

11 

The map below shows the location of our pipeline systems. 

Customers, Contracting and Demand 

 Our customers are generally large utilities, local distribution companies (LDCs) and major natural gas marketers and producing companies. Our pipelines generate revenue by
charging rates for transporting natural gas. Natural gas transportation service is provided pursuant to long-term and short-term contracts on a firm or interruptible basis. The majority of our
pipeline systems' natural gas transportation services are provided through firm service transportation contracts with a reservation or demand charge that reserves pipeline capacity, regardless of use,
for the term of the contract. The revenues associated with capacity reserved under firm service transportation contracts are not subject to fluctuations caused by changing supply and demand
conditions, competition or customers. Customers with interruptible service transportation agreements may utilize available capacity after firm service transportation requests are satisfied. 

 Our
pipeline systems actively market their available capacity and work closely with customers, including natural gas producers, LDC's, marketers and end users, to ensure our
pipelines are offering
attractive services and competitive rates. Approximately 90 of our long-term contract revenues are with customers who have an investment grade rating or who have provided guarantees from investment
grade parties. We have obtained financial assurances as permitted by FERC and our tariffs for the remaining long-term contracts. See Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors." 

 In
2014, Anadarko Energy Services Company and Pacific Gas and Electric Company comprised 15 percent and 14 percent, respectively, of the Partnership's
revenues. 

 GTN GTN's
revenues are substantially supported by long-term contracts. Contracts expiring prior to 2023 are primarily held by LDCs
that historically use a diversified portfolio of transportation options to serve their long-term markets. We expect GTN to continue to be an important transportation component of these diversified
portfolios. Incremental transportation transaction opportunities are based on the differential in value between Western Canadian supplies and deliveries to Northern California. GTN's rates were
established primarily based on its current contracted long-term capacity. As a result, GTN's revenues will be subject to positive variation as a result of capacity sold at levels above its current
contracted amount. 

 Northern
Border Northern Border's revenues are substantially supported by firm transportation contracts through March 2016. As
contracts have expired, market conditions have enabled Northern Border to negotiate contract extensions that are typically for terms of two years or longer. Its uncontracted capacity is subject to
seasonal demand for transportation services, which has traditionally been strongest during peak winter months to serve heating demand and peak spring/summer months to serve electric cooling demand and
storage injection. Northern Border's tariff has a seasonal rate structure providing for higher rates during traditional peak months. 

12 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

Great
Lakes Great Lakes' revenue is derived from shorter-term contracts for short-haul and long-haul transportation primarily with
TransCanada on multiple paths across its system. Great Lakes' ability to sell its available and future capacity will depend on future market conditions which are impacted by a number of factors
including weather, levels of natural gas in storage, the capacity of upstream and downstream pipelines, and the availability and pricing of natural gas supplies. Demand for Great Lakes' services has
historically been highest in the summer to fill the storage complexes in Ontario and Michigan in advance of the upcoming winter season. During the winter, Great Lakes serves peak heating requirements
for customers in Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan and beyond. 

 Other
Pipelines Bison, North Baja and Tuscarora revenues are substantially supported by long-term contracts through 2020. 

Competition 

 Overall, our pipeline systems generate a substantial portion of their cash flow from long-term firm contracts for transportation services and are therefore insulated from
competitive factors during the terms of the contracts. When these long-term contracts expire, our pipeline systems face competitive pressures which influence contract renewals and rates charged for
transportation services. 

 Four
of our pipeline systems, GTN, Northern Border, Great Lakes and Tuscarora, compete with each other for WCSB natural gas supply as well as with other pipelines, including
TransCanada's Mainline system, the Alliance pipeline and the Westcoast pipeline. Northern Border, Great Lakes and Tuscarora compete in their respective market areas for natural gas supplies from other
basins as well, such as the Rocky Mountain, Mid-Continent, Gulf Coast, Utica and Marcellus Basins. GTN primarily competes with pipelines supplying natural gas into California and Pacific Northwest
markets. 

 Bison
competes for deliveries with other pipelines that transport natural gas supplies within, and away from, the Rocky Mountain basin. 

 North
Baja's southbound pipeline capacity competes with deliveries of LNG received at the Costa Azul terminal in Mexico. When LNG shipments are received at Costa Azul, North
Baja's northbound capacity competes with pipelines that deliver Rocky Mountain, Permian and San Juan basin natural gas into the Southern California area. 

Tuscarora
competes for deliveries primarily into the northern Nevada natural gas market with natural gas from the Rocky Mountain Basin. 

Relationship with TransCanada 

 TransCanada is the indirect parent of our General Partner and owns, through its subsidiaries, an approximate 28.3 percent equity interest in the Partnership. TransCanada
is a major energy infrastructure company, listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and NYSE, with more than 60 years of experience in the responsible development and reliable operation of energy
infrastructure in North America. TransCanada is primarily focused on natural gas and oil transmission and power generation services. TransCanada owns approximately 59 billion in total assets,
including 35,500 miles of wholly-owned natural gas pipelines, interests in an additional 7,000 miles of natural gas pipelines, 2,639 miles of wholly-owned oil pipelines and over
350 billion cubic feet of storage capacity. TransCanada also owns, controls or is developing over 11,800 megawatts of power generation. 

 TransCanada
operates our pipeline systems and, in some cases, contracts for pipeline capacity. We have purchased assets from TransCanada and jointly participated with
TransCanada in acquiring assets from third parties, including acquisitions that we would have been unable to pursue on our own. TransCanada has announced its intent to drop down its remaining
U.S. natural gas pipeline assets to the Partnership over the next few years. 

 See
Part III, Item 13. "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence" for more information on our relationship with TransCanada. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

13 

Government Regulation 

 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 

All of our pipeline systems are regulated by FERC under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 (NGA) and Energy Policy Act of 2005, which gives FERC jurisdiction to regulate virtually all
aspects of our business, including: 

transportation
of natural gas in interstate commerce;
 rates
and charges;
 terms
of service and service contracts with customers, including creditworthiness requirements;
 certification
and construction of new facilities;
 extension
or abandonment of service and facilities;
 accounts
and records;
 depreciation
and amortization policies;
 acquisition
and disposition of facilities;
 initiation
and discontinuation of services; and
 standards
of conduct for business relations with certain affiliates. 

 Our
pipeline systems' operating revenues are determined based on rate options stated in our tariffs which are approved by FERC. Tariffs specify the general terms and
conditions for pipeline transportation service including the rates that may be charged. FERC, either through hearing a rate case or as a result of approving a negotiated settlement, approves the
maximum rates permissible for transportation service on a pipeline system which are designed to recover the pipeline's cost-based investment, operating expenses and a reasonable return for its
investors. Once maximum rates are set, a pipeline system is not permitted to adjust the maximum rates to reflect changes in costs or contract demand until new rates are approved by FERC. Pipelines are
permitted to charge rates lower than the maximum tariff rates in order to compete. As a result, earnings and cash flows of each pipeline system depend on a number of factors including costs incurred,
contracted capacity and transportation path, the volume of natural gas transported, and rates charged. 

 Regulatory and Rate Proceedings 

 GTN GTN has a FERC-approved settlement agreement for transportation rates effective
January 2012, and these rates will remain in effect, subject to certain actions, until December 31, 2015. GTN is required to have new rates in effect on January 1, 2016. 

 Northern Border Northern Border has a FERC-approved settlement agreement which
established maximum long-term transportation rates and charges on the Northern Border system effective January 1, 2013. The Northern Border Settlement also includes a three-year moratorium on
filing rate cases and requires Northern Border to file for new rates no later than January 1, 2018. 

 Bison Bison continues to operate under the rates approved by FERC in connection with
Bison's initial construction and has no requirement to file a new rate proceeding. 

 Great Lakes Great Lakes has a FERC-approved settlement agreement for transportation
rates effective November 2013. The settlement includes a moratorium on filing rate cases or challenging the settlement rates until March 31, 2015 and requires that Great Lakes file to
have new rates in effect no later than January 1, 2018. 

 Effective
November 1, 2014, Great Lakes executed contracts with its affiliate, ANR Pipeline Company (ANR) to provide seasonal firm service between Michigan and
Wisconsin. These contracts were at the maximum FERC authorized rate and were intended to replace historical contracts. On December 3, 2014, the FERC accepted and suspended Great Lakes' tariff
records related to these contracts to become effective May 3, 2015, subject to refund. On January 2, 2015, Great Lakes submitted a request for rehearing and clarification with FERC. On
February 2, 2015 FERC issued an Order granting rehearing to allow for additional time for FERC to consider the request. Until Great Lakes obtains clarification 

14 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

from
FERC or a settlement is reached and approved, it is providing service to ANR under multiple service agreements and rates. Great Lakes has deferred 9.4 million of revenue related to
services performed in 2014 under such agreements that may not be collected. 

 North Baja North Baja continues to operate under the rates approved by FERC and has
no requirement to file a new rate proceeding. 

 On
January 6, 2014, FERC approved North Baja's application to temporarily abandon compression associated with the original design of its pipeline system up to three
years. This temporary abandonment will preserve replacement options while reducing maintenance requirements and related expenses without any reduction in capacity or impact to existing firm
transportation service. 

Tuscarora Tuscarora has a FERC-approved settlement agreement for transportation rates
effective January 2012. A moratorium on the filing of future rate proceedings expired on December 31, 2014. Tuscarora has no requirement to file for new rates. 

 Environmental 

 Our pipelines are subject to stringent and complex federal, state and local laws and regulations governing environmental protection, including air emissions, water quality,
wastewater discharges and solid waste management. Such laws and regulations generally require natural gas pipelines to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental registrations, licenses,
permits and other approvals. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and/or criminal penalties, the imposition of remedial requirements
and/or the issuance of orders enjoining future operations. 

 The
following is a discussion of some of the applicable environmental laws and regulations that relate to our business. 

Waste and Hazardous Substance Statutes The operations of our pipeline systems are
subject to federal and state statutes that regulate the handling, management, storage and disposal of solid wastes, including hazardous wastes and hazardous substances. These include the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, the Solid Waste Disposal Act and the Comprehensive Response, Compensation and Liability Act, on the federal level and comparable state statutes. These requirements are
subject to rigorous waste management and disposal practices to ensure compliance.
 The Clean Air Act (CAA) The CAA and comparable state laws regulate emissions of air
pollutants from various industrial sources, including compressor stations, and impose various monitoring, reporting, and in some cases, control requirements. Such laws and regulations may require
pre-approval for the construction or modification of certain facilities expected to produce air emissions or result in an increase of existing air emissions. Such facilities must also comply with air
permits containing various emission and operational limitations, or requiring the use of emission control or abatement technologies.
 Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) The TSCA addresses the production, importation,
use, and disposal of specific chemicals and provides the EPA with authority to require reporting, record-keeping and testing requirements, and restrictions relating to chemical substances and
mixtures. These include polychlorinated biphenyls, asbestos, radon and lead-based paint.
 The Clean Water Act (CWA) The CWA and comparable state laws impose strict controls
with respect to the discharge of pollutants, including spills and leaks of oil and other substances, into or adjacent to waters of the U.S. The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is
generally prohibited, except in accordance with the terms of a permit issued by the EPA or a delegated state or federal agency. The CWA and federal regulations also prohibit the discharge of dredge
and fill material into regulated waters, including wetlands, unless authorized by an appropriately issued permit.
 National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) Natural gas transportation activities over
federally-managed land or involving federal approval can be subject to review under NEPA, or analogous state requirements. NEPA requires federal agencies, including the Department of the Interior or
FERC, to evaluate governmental agency actions having the potential to significantly impact the environment. In the course of such evaluations, an agency will prepare an 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

15 

Environmental
Assessment that addresses the potential direct, indirect and cumulative impacts of a proposed project and, if necessary, will prepare a more detailed Environmental Impact Statement that
is made available for public review and comment. The current activities of our pipeline systems, as well as any proposed plans for future activities, on federal lands are subject to the requirements
of NEPA in connection with any new approval that is required for construction, operation or use on or of federal lands. 

The Endangered Species Act (ESA) The ESA restricts activities that may affect
endangered or threatened species or their habitats. The presence of threatened or endangered species, including the designation of previously unidentified or threatened species could cause us to incur
additional costs or become subject to operating restrictions or bans in the affected states. 

 We
have not incurred and do not anticipate incurring material costs to comply with existing environmental laws and regulations. We have not accrued for any environmental
liabilities. We believe that we are in substantial compliance with all environmental laws and regulations. 

 Greenhouse Gas 

 Substantial uncertainty exists regarding the impact of new and proposed greenhouse gas (GHG) laws and regulations. Current federal regulatory programs have focused on reporting
of GHG, including methane and carbon dioxide, and the regulation of new sources. No current state program directly regulates our GHG emissions or seeks to reduce them, although such regulations may
affect our customers. In addition, federal and state legislation is under discussion that could impose restrictions upon our GHG emissions. 

 On
January 14, 2015, President Obama proposed the adoption of a variety of policies to address methane emissions from the oil and gas sector, including the
transportation sector. In total, the package of proposed policies seeks to reduce methane emissions from the sector by 40-45 percent from 2012 levels by 2025. Part of the proposal includes the
promulgation of new regulations governing releases of methane from new and existing sources under Section 111(b) of the Clean Air Act. While the impacts of the proposal are uncertain, it is
possible that these new policy initiatives could impact our pipeline systems. 

 We
cannot estimate the effect that proposed legislation or new legislations may have on our future financial position, results of operations or cash flow. However, it is
possible that such legislation could materially increase our operating costs, including our cost of environmental compliance. Because of the uncertainty of policy and regulatory schemes, the future
impacts on our pipeline systems cannot be predicted. 

 Safety 

 Our pipeline systems are subject to existing and proposed pipeline safety regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous
Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA). In 2002 and 2006, federal pipeline safety statutes were enacted that apply to pipeline facility design, construction, installation, testing, operation,
replacement, and integrity management. These statutes and the associated regulations require pipeline companies to perform ongoing pipeline integrity assessments, to identify applicable threats to
pipelines located in high consequence areas (HCAs) where a leak or rupture could potentially cause the most harm, to implement preventative and mitigative measures, and to repair and remediate
pipelines as necessary. In compliance with these statutes and accompanying regulations, we apply an annual Integrity Management Program that evaluates our pipelines and results in measures to ensure
the continued safe operation of our pipelines located in HCAs. 

16 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

In January 2012, The Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 (2012 Pipeline Act) was enacted. The 2012 Pipeline Act and the anticipated
regulations that will follow impose a number of additional provisions affecting pipelines that may have a material effect on pipeline owners and operators. The 2012 Pipeline Act directs PHMSA to adopt
regulations requiring the installation of leak detection equipment, the utilization of automatic and remote-controlled shut-off valves, the implementation of procedures to confirm the physical and
operational characteristics and the maximum allowable operating pressure for pipelines in HCAs and areas other than HCAs; and the testing of grandfathered or previously untested natural gas
transmission pipelines. In 2014, PHMSA published several new proposed rulemakings related to these issues. We are reviewing the proposed rules and public comments submitted to date to determine the
ultimate impact on our pipeline systems. If these proposed rulemakings are adopted as proposed, they would result in significant increased costs to any new or existing pipelines and the potential for
temporary or permanent reductions in maximum allowable operating pressure, which would reduce available capacity on our pipelines. 

 While
we believe that our pipeline systems are in substantial compliance with current applicable requirements, due to the possibility that new or amended statutes and
regulations will be enacted, there can be no assurance that future compliance with the requirements will not have a material adverse effect on our pipeline systems and the Partnership's financial
position, operational costs, cash flow and our ability to maintain current distribution levels to the extent the increased costs are not recoverable through rates. 

 From
time to time, despite compliance with applicable rules and regulations, our pipelines may experience incidents that result in leaks and ruptures that may impact the
surrounding population and environment. This may result in enforcement by regulatory agencies that may seek civil and/or criminal fines and penalties, and could require our pipelines to conduct
testing of the pipeline system or upgrade segments of a pipeline unrelated to the incident which costs may not be covered by insurance or recoverable through rate increases. 

EMPLOYEES 

 We do not have any employees. We are managed and operated by our General Partner. Subsidiaries of TransCanada operate our pipelines systems pursuant to operating agreements. 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION 

 We make available free of charge on or through our website (www.tcpipelineslp.com) our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports
on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we
electronically file the material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Copies of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Corporate Governance Guidelines and the Audit
Committee Charter of our General Partner are also available on our website under "Corporate Governance." We will also provide copies of these documents at no charge upon request. The information
contained on our website is not part of this report. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 Limited partner interests are inherently different from the capital stock of a corporation, although many of the business risks to which we are subject are similar to those
that would be faced by a corporation engaged in a similar business. Realization of any of the risks described below could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, including
valuation of our equity investments, results of operations and cash flows, including our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. Investors should review and carefully consider all of the
information contained in this report, including the following discussion of risks when making investment decisions relating to our Partnership. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

17 

RISKS RELATED TO THE PARTNERSHIP 

 Our ability to make cash distributions is dependent primarily on our cash flow, financial reserves and working capital borrowings. 

Cash distributions are not dependent solely on our profitability. Therefore, we may make cash distributions during periods when losses are reported and may not make cash
distributions during periods when we report profits. 

 Factors
that affect the actual amount of cash that we will have available for distribution to our unitholders include the following: 

the
amount of cash set aside and the adjustment in reserves made by our General Partner in its sole discretion;
 the
amount of cash distributed to us by our pipeline systems;
 the
level of capital expenditures made by our pipeline systems;
 the
required principal and interest payments on our debt, retirement of debt and other liabilities, including cost of acquisitions;
 our
ability to borrow funds and access capital markets, including the issuance of debt and equity securities; and
 restrictions
on distributions contained in debt agreements. 

Significant changes in energy prices could impact supply and demand balances for natural gas. 

 Prolonged low oil and natural gas prices can have a positive impact on demand but can negatively impact exploration and development of new natural gas supplies that could
impact the availability of natural gas to be transported by our pipelines. Similarly, high commodity prices can increase levels of exploration and development but can reduce demand for natural gas
leading to reduced demand for transportation services. Sustained low oil and natural gas prices could also impact shippers' creditworthiness that could impact their ability to meet their
transportation service cost obligations. 

 If we do not successfully identify and complete expansion projects or make and integrate acquisitions that are accretive, we may not be able to continue
to grow our cash distributions. 

 Our strategy is to continue to grow the cash distributions on our common units by expanding our business. Our ability to grow depends on our ability to undertake acquisitions
and organic growth projects, and the ability of our pipeline systems to complete expansion projects and make and integrate acquisitions that result in an increase in cash per common unit generated
from operations. Our ability to complete successful, accretive expansion projects or acquisitions is dependent upon many factors, including our ability to secure necessary rights-of-way or regulatory
approvals, our ability to finance such expansion projects or acquisitions on economically acceptable terms and the degree to which our assumptions about volumes, reserves, revenues, costs and customer
commitments materialize. Acquisitions may not be available to the Partnership or occur at the prices, terms, with the structure or on the schedule consistent with historical transactions. 

 During
2014, TransCanada announced plans to drop down its remaining U.S. natural gas pipeline interests to the Partnership. There can be no assurance, however, as to
when and on what terms these interests will be offered to the Partnership. Our ability to grow distributions depends on the rate of acquisitions. Our unit price could be adversely affected if the rate
of acquisitions is less than analysts' expectations. 

 In
addition, we face competition for acquisitions from investment funds, strategic buyers and commercial finance companies. These companies may have higher risk tolerances
or different risk assessments that permit them to offer higher prices that we may be unwilling to match. 

18 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

Expansion projects or future acquisitions that appear to be accretive may nevertheless reduce our cash from operations on a per unit basis. 

 Even if we complete expansion projects or make acquisitions that we believe will be accretive, these expansion projects or acquisitions may nevertheless reduce our cash from
operations on a per-unit basis. Any expansion project or acquisition involves potential risks, including: 

an
inability to complete expansion projects on schedule or within the budgeted cost due to, among other factors, the unavailability of required construction personnel,
equipment or materials, and the risk of cost overruns resulting from inflation or increased costs of materials, labor and equipment;
 a
decrease in our liquidity as a result of using a significant portion of our available cash or borrowing capacity to finance the project or acquisition;
 an
inability to receive cash flows from a newly built or acquired asset until it is operational; and
 unforeseen
difficulties operating in new business areas or new geographic areas. 

 As
a result, our new facilities may not achieve expected investment returns, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. If any
completed expansion projects or acquisitions reduce our cash from operations on a per unit basis, our ability to make distributions may be reduced. 

 Exposure to variable interest rates and general volatility in the financial markets and economy could adversely affect our business, our common unit
price, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

 As of December 31, 2014, 850 million of our total 1,695 million of consolidated debt was subject to variable interest rates. As a result, our results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by significant increases in interest rates. From time to time, we may enter into interest rate swap arrangements
which may increase or decrease our exposure to variable interest rates but there is no assurance that these will be sufficient to offset rising interest rates. As of December 31, 2014, the
variable interest rate exposure related to 150 million of the 500 million Term Loan Facility was hedged by fixed interest rate swap arrangements. 

 For
more information about our interest rate risk, see Item 7A "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk Market Risk." 

Our indebtedness may limit our ability to obtain additional financing, make distributions or pursue business opportunities. 

 The amount of the Partnership's debt could have negative consequences to the Partnership including the following: 

our
ability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, for working capital, acquisitions, payment of distributions or other purposes may be impaired or such financing may
not be available on favorable terms;
 our
need for cash to fund interest payments on the debt reduces the funds that would otherwise be available for operations, future business opportunities and distributions
to our unitholders; and
 our
flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions may be limited. 

 Our
ability to service our debt will depend upon, among other things, the future financial and operating performance of our pipeline systems, which will be affected by
prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, the Partnership's third party credit facility requires us to
maintain certain financial ratios and contains restrictions on incurring additional debt and making distributions to unitholders. 

An impairment of our equity investment, long-lived assets or goodwill could reduce our earnings or negatively impact the value of our
common units. 

 Consistent with GAAP, we evaluate our goodwill for impairment at least annually and our equity investments and long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful
lives, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. For the investments we account for under the equity 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

19 

method,
the impairment test requires us to consider whether the fair value of the equity investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than
temporary. If we determine that impairment is indicated, we would be required to take an immediate noncash charge to earnings with a correlative effect on equity and balance sheet leverage as measured
by debt to total capitalization. 

 As
of December 31, 2014, no impairment has been identified related to our equity investments, long-lived assets or goodwill. There is a risk of a future impairment in
our equity investment in Great Lakes if assumptions relied upon change. For more information, see Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations Critical Accounting Estimates Impairment of Equity Investments, Goodwill and Long-Lived
Assets Equity Investments." 

 We do not own a controlling interest in Northern Border or Great Lakes, which limits our ability to control these assets. 

We do not own a controlling interest in Northern Border or Great Lakes and are therefore unable to cause certain actions to occur without the agreement of the other owners. As
a result, we may be unable to control the amount of cash distributions received from these assets or the cash contributions required to fund our share of their operations. The organizational documents
of these assets require distribution of their available cash to their owners on a quarterly basis; however, in each case, available cash is reduced, in part, by appropriate reserves. Any disagreements
with the other owners of these assets could adversely affect our ability to respond to changing economic or industry conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, financial condition and ability to make cash distributions to unitholders. 

 The GTN Acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions. 

 On February 24, 2015, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the remaining 30 percent equity interest in GTN from TransCanada effective April 1,
2015. Following the closing, we will own all of the equity interest in GTN. The completion of the acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions, including the ability of the seller to make
certain representations and warranties and the absence of a material adverse effect at closing. We cannot assure you that these conditions will be met and as a result there can be no assurance that
the acquisition will be completed. The GTN Acquisition is not subject to a financing condition, and we will require additional financing. Although we expect to finance the remaining portion of the
purchase price of the acquisition with equity and long-term debt, we do not have
a committed financing source for the full amount of the purchase price. There can be no assurance that the GTN Acquisition, if completed, will result in an increase in cash per common unit generated
from operations. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR PIPELINE SYSTEMS 

 We may experience change in demand for our transportation services which may lead to an inability of our pipelines to charge maximum rates or renew
expiring contracts. 

 Our primary exposure to market risk and competitive pressure occurs at the time existing shipper contracts expire and are subject to renegotiation and renewal. The value of our
transportation services depends on a shipper's demand for pipeline capacity and the price paid for that capacity. The inability of our pipelines to extend or replace expiring contracts on comparable
terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make cash distributions. Our ability to extend and replace expiring contracts,
particularly long-term firm contracts, on terms comparable to prior contracts, depends on many factors including: 

changes
in upstream and downstream pipeline capacity could impact the pipeline's ability to contract for transportation services;
 the
availability and supply of natural gas in Canada and the U.S.;
 competition
from alternative sources of supply;
 competition
from other existing or proposed pipelines;
 contract
expirations and capacity on competing pipelines; 

20 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

changes
in rates upstream or downstream of our pipeline systems, which can affect our pipeline systems' relative competitiveness;
 basis
differentials between the market location and location of natural gas supplies;
 the
liquidity and willingness of shippers to contract for transportation services; and
 regulatory
developments. 

Rates and other terms of service for our pipeline systems are subject to approval and potential adjustment by FERC, which could limit their ability to
recover all costs of operations and negatively impact their rate of return, results of operations and cash available for distribution. 

 Our pipeline systems are subject to extensive regulation over nearly every aspect of their business, including the rates that they can charge to shippers. Under the NGA, our
rates must be just, reasonable and not unduly discriminatory. Actions by FERC (see Item 1. "Business Government Regulation") could adversely
affect our pipeline systems ability to recover all of their current or future costs and could negatively impact their rate of return, results of operations and cash available for distribution. 

The long-term financial condition of our assets is dependent on the continued availability of, and demand for, natural gas in relation to our pipeline
systems. 

 As the long-term contracts on our pipeline systems expire, the demand for transportation service on our pipeline systems will depend on the availability of supply from the
basins connected to our systems and the demand for natural gas in the markets we serve. Natural gas availability from basins depends upon numerous factors including basin production costs, production
levels, availability of storage and natural gas prices. Our systems are also dependent on the continued demand for natural gas in our market areas. If supply and/or demand should significantly fall,
our systems may be at risk for loss of contracting or contracting at discounted rates which could impact our revenues. 

 Our pipeline systems' business systems could be negatively impacted by security threats, including cyber security threats, and related disruptions. 

 In 2012, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security issued public warnings that indicate that pipelines and other assets might be specific targets of terrorist
organizations or "cyber security" events. These potential targets might include our pipeline systems or operating systems and may affect our ability to operate or control our pipeline assets, our
operations could be disrupted and/or customer information could be stolen. 

 We
depend on the secure operation of our information technology to process, transmit and store electronic information, including information we use to safely operate our
pipeline systems. Security breaches could expose our business to a risk of loss, misuse or interruption of critical information and functions that affect the pipeline operations. Such losses could
result in operational impacts, damage to our assets, safety incidents, damage to the environment, reputational harm, competitive disadvantage, regulatory enforcement actions, litigation and a
potential material adverse effect on our operations, financial position and results of operations. Costs incurred related to securing against threats may not be recovered through rates. 

If our pipeline systems do not make additional capital expenditures sufficient to offset depreciation expense, our rate base will decline and our
earnings and cash flow will decrease over time. 

 Our pipeline systems are allowed to collect from their customers a return on their assets or "rate base" as reflected in their financial records, as well as recover a portion
of that rate base over time through depreciation. In the absence of additions to the rate base through capital expenditures, the rate base will decline over time and revenue and cash flows associated
with return on the rate base will also decline. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

21 

Our pipeline systems' indebtedness may limit their ability to borrow additional funds, make distributions to us or capitalize on business opportunities. 

Our pipeline systems' respective debt levels could have negative consequences to each of them and the Partnership, including the following: 

their
ability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes may be impaired or such financing may
not be available on favorable terms;
 their
need for cash to fund interest payments on the debt reduces the funds that would otherwise be available for operations, future business opportunities and distributions
to us;
 their
debt level may make them more vulnerable to competitive pressures or a downturn in their business or the economy generally; and
 their
debt level may limit their flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions. 

 Our
pipeline systems' ability to service their respective debt will depend upon, among other things, future financial and operating performance which will be affected by
prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond their control. 

 Our pipeline systems are subject to operational hazards and unforeseeable interruptions that may not be covered by insurance. 

Our pipeline systems are subject to inherent risks including earthquakes, adverse weather conditions and other natural disasters; terrorist activity or acts of aggression;
damage to a pipeline by a third party; and, pipeline or equipment failures. Each of these risks could result in damage to one of our pipeline systems, business interruptions, release of pollution or
contaminants into the environment and other environmental hazards, or injuries to persons and property. These risks could cause us to suffer a substantial loss of revenue and incur significant costs
to the extent they are not covered by insurance under our shipper contracts, as applicable. In addition, if one of our pipeline systems was to experience a serious pipeline failure, a regulator could
require our pipelines to conduct testing of the pipeline system or upgrade segments of a pipeline unrelated to the failure which costs may not be covered by insurance or recoverable through rate
increases or face a potential reduction in operational parameters which could reduce the capacity available for sale. 

 Our pipeline systems may experience significant costs and liabilities related to compliance with pipeline safety laws and regulations. 

 Our pipeline systems are subject to pipeline safety statutes and regulations administered by PHMSA, which require. pipeline operators to develop integrity management programs. 

 The
ongoing implementation of the pipeline integrity management programs could cause our pipeline systems to incur significant and unanticipated capital and operating
expenditures for repairs or upgrades deemed necessary to ensure their continued safe and reliable operation and to comply with the federal pipeline safety statutes and regulations. Additionally, any
failure to comply with PHMSA's regulations could subject our pipeline systems to penalties, fines, or restrictions on our pipeline systems' operations. 

 The
cost of new PHMSA regulations to our pipeline systems could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial position, cash flows, and our ability to maintain
current distribution levels to the extent the increased costs are not recoverable through rates. 

 Our pipeline systems are regulated by federal, state and local laws and regulations that could impose costs for compliance with environmental
protection. 

 Each of our pipeline systems is subject to federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations and enforcement policies and potential liabilities may arise related to
protection of the environment and natural resources. Existing or new environmental laws, regulations or enforcement policies could be implemented that significantly increase our pipeline systems'
compliance costs or the cost of any environmental remediation which may not be recoverable under their 

22 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

rates.
As an example, revisions to National Ambient Air Quality Standards, non-attainment designations, and Toxic Substances Control Act, have been proposed, including reforms that would require lower
emission standards, increased inspections and reporting for constituents such as methane, and monitoring of chemicals present in the pipeline environment. In addition, under certain environmental laws
and regulations, we may be exposed to substantial liabilities for pollution control or contamination that arise in connection with our operations. For instance, we may be required to obtain and
maintain permits and approvals issued by various federal, state and local governmental authorities, and to limit or prevent releases of materials from our operations in accordance with these permits
and approvals, or install pollution control equipment. It is uncertain which proposed laws, regulations or reforms, if any, will be adopted and what impact they might ultimately have on our operations
or financial results. Moreover, new environmental laws, regulations or enforcement policies could be implemented that significantly increase our pipeline systems' compliance costs or the cost of any
remediation of environmental contamination which may not be recoverable under their rates. 

 Current and future emissions regulation legislation or regulations restricting emissions of GHG could result in increased operating costs. 

 There have been a number of legislative initiatives to regulate GHG emissions; however, substantial uncertainty exists regarding the impact of new and proposed GHG laws and
regulations. Moreover, implementation of GHG regulations is the subject of significant litigation which has created uncertainty in compliance requirements with both the regulatory agencies and
Industry. We cannot estimate the effect of proposed legislation, proposed and final regulations, and industry litigation on our future financial position, results of operations or cash flow. However,
such legislation, regulation and litigation could materially increase our operating costs, including our cost of environmental compliance. Given the uncertainty of policy and regulatory schemes, the
future effects on our pipelines cannot be predicted. 

We are exposed to credit risk when a customer fails to perform its contractual obligations. 

 Our pipeline systems are subject to a risk of loss resulting from the nonperformance by a customer of its contractual obligations. Our exposure generally relates to receivables
for services provided and future performance over the remaining contract terms under firm transportation contracts. Our FERC approved tariffs restricts our ability to request credit support in the
event that a customer's creditworthiness is or becomes unacceptable. If a significant customer has financial problems which result in a delay or failure to pay for services provided by us or
contracted for with us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

 Our pipeline systems do not own all of the land on which their pipelines and facilities are located, which could impact their operations. 

 Our pipeline systems do not own all of the land on which their pipelines and facilities are located and they are, therefore, subject to the risk of increased costs to maintain
necessary land use. They must either obtain the right from landowners or exercise the power of eminent domain in order to use most of the land on which they are constructed and operated. The loss of
these rights, through their inability to renew right-of-way contracts, or increased costs to renew such rights could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR PARTNERSHIP STRUCTURE 

 We do not have the same flexibility as corporations to accumulate cash and equity to protect against illiquidity in the future. 

 As a limited partnership, we are required by our Partnership Agreement to make quarterly distributions to our unitholders of all available cash, reduced by any amounts of
reserves for commitments and contingencies, including capital and operating costs and debt service requirements. The value of our units and other limited partner interests may decrease in direct
correlation with decreases in the amount we distribute per common unit. Accordingly, if we experience a liquidity shortfall in the future, we may not be able to recapitalize by issuing
more equity. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

23 

Unitholders have limited voting rights and are not entitled to elect our General Partner or its board of directors. 

 The General Partner is our manager and operator. Unlike the stockholders in a corporation, holders of our common units have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our
business. Unitholders have no right to elect our General Partner or its board of directors. The members of the board of directors of our General Partner, including the independent directors, are
appointed by its parent company and not by the unitholders. 

 Unitholders cannot remove our General Partner without its consent. 

 Our General Partner may not be removed except by the vote of the holders of at least 66 2 / 3 percent of the outstanding common units. These required votes would
include the votes of common units owned by our General Partner and its affiliates. TransCanada's ownership of 26.3 percent of the outstanding common units has the practical effect of making
removal of our General Partner difficult. 

 In
addition, the Partnership Agreement contains some provisions that may have the effect of discouraging a person or group from attempting to remove our General Partner or
otherwise change our management. If our General Partner is removed as our general partner under circumstances where cause does not exist and common units held by our General Partner and its affiliates
are not voted in favor of that removal: 

any
existing arrearages in the payment of the minimum quarterly distributions on the common units will be extinguished; and
 our
General Partner will have the right to convert its general partner interests and its incentive distribution rights into common units or to receive cash in exchange for
those interests. 

 Our Partnership Agreement restricts voting and other rights of unitholders owning 20 percent or more of our common units. 

 The Partnership Agreement contains provisions limiting the ability of unitholders to call meetings of unitholders or to acquire information about our operations, as well as
other provisions limiting the unitholders' ability to influence the manner or direction of management. Further, if any person or group other than our General Partner or its affiliates or a direct
transferee of our General Partner or its affiliates acquires beneficial ownership of 20 percent or more of any class of common units then outstanding, that person or group will lose voting
rights with respect to all of its common units. As a result, unitholders have limited influence on matters affecting our operations, and third parties may find it difficult to attempt to gain control
of us or influence our activities. 

 We may issue additional common units without unitholder approval, which would dilute the existing unitholders' ownership interests. In addition,
issuance of additional common units may increase the risk that we will be unable to maintain the quarterly distribution payment at current levels. 

Subject to certain limitations, we may issue additional common units and other partnership securities of any type, without the approval of unitholders. 

 Based
on the circumstances of each case, the issuance of additional common units or securities ranking senior to, or on parity with, the common units may dilute the value of
the interests of the then-existing holders of common units in the net assets of the Partnership. In addition, the issuance of additional common units may increase the risk that we will be unable to
maintain the quarterly distribution payment at current levels. 

Unitholders may not have limited liability in some circumstances. 

 A general partner generally has unlimited liability for the obligations of a limited partnership, except for those contractual obligations of the partnership that are expressly
made without recourse to the general partner. We are organized under Delaware law and conduct business in a number of other states. The limitations on the liability of holders of limited partner
interests for the obligations of a limited partnership have not been clearly established in some 

24 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

states.
Our unitholders could be liable for any and all of our obligations as if our unitholders were a general partner if a court or government agency determined that: 

the
Partnership had been conducting business in any state without compliance with the applicable limited partnership statute; or
 the
right, or the exercise of the right, by the unitholders as a group to remove or replace our General Partner, to approve some amendments to the Partnership Agreement or
to take other action under the Partnership Agreement constituted participation in the "control" of the Partnership's business. 

 In
addition, under some circumstances, such as an improper cash distribution, a unitholder may be liable to the Partnership for the amount of a distribution for a period of
three years from the date of the distribution. 

 Our General Partner has a limited call right that may require unitholders to sell their common units at an undesirable time or price. 

If at any time our General Partner and its affiliates own 80 percent or more of the common units, the General Partner will have the right, but not the obligation, which
it may assign to any of its affiliates or us, to acquire all of the remaining common units held by unaffiliated persons at a price generally equal to the then current market price of the common units.
As a consequence, unitholders may be required to sell their common units at a time when they may not desire to sell them or at a price that is less than the price they would desire to receive upon
sale. Unitholders may also incur a tax liability upon a sale of their units. As of December 31, 2014, the General Partner and its affiliates own approximately 26.3 percent of our
outstanding common units. 

 TransCanada, through its subsidiaries, controls our General Partner, which has responsibility for conducting our business and managing our operations.
Our General Partner and its affiliates have limited fiduciary responsibilities and may have conflicts of interest with respect to our Partnership, and they may favor their own interests to the
detriment of our unitholders. 

 The directors and officers of our General Partner and its affiliates have duties to manage the General Partner in a manner that is beneficial to its stockholders. At the same
time, our General Partner has duties to manage the Partnership in a manner that is beneficial to us. Therefore, our General Partner's duties to us may conflict with the duties of its officers and
directors to its stockholders. In resolving these conflicts of interest, our General Partner may favor its own interests and the interests of its affiliates over the interests of our unitholders. Such
conflicts may include, among others, the following situations: 

our
General Partner is allowed to take into account the interests of parties other than us, such as TransCanada and its affiliates, in resolving conflicts
of interest;
 TransCanada,
through wholly-owned subsidiaries, is the operator of all of our pipeline systems. This operator role along with its ownership interests in some of our pipeline
systems may influence TransCanada to make decisions that may conflict as operator and/or owner of these systems;
 our
General Partner and its affiliates are not limited in their ability to compete with us;
 officers
of our General Partner who provide services to us may also devote significant time to the business of TransCanada and are compensated by TransCanada for the
services rendered to it;
 our
General Partner may limit our liability and reduce its fiduciary duties, while also restricting the remedies available to our unitholders for actions that might, without
the limitations, constitute breaches of fiduciary duty. As a result of purchasing our units, unitholders are deemed to consent to some actions and conflicts of interest that might otherwise constitute
a breach of fiduciary or other duties under applicable law; and
 our
General Partner controls the enforcement of obligations owed to us by our General Partner and its affiliates. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

25 

Costs reimbursed to our General Partner are determined by our General Partner which could reduce our earnings and cash available for distribution. 

 Prior to making any distribution on the common units, we reimburse our General Partner and its affiliates, including officers and directors of the General Partner, for all
expenses incurred by our General Partner and its affiliates on our behalf. During the year ended December 31, 2014, we paid fees and reimbursements to our General Partner in the amount of
 3 million (2013 3 million). Our General Partner, in its sole discretion, determines the amount of these expenses. In addition, our General
Partner and its affiliates may provide us with services for which we will be charged reasonable fees as determined by the General Partner. The reimbursement of expenses and the payment of fees could
adversely affect our ability to make distributions. 

TAX RISKS 

 Our tax treatment depends on our status as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as well as not being subject to a material amount
of entity level taxation by individual states. If the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) were to treat us as a corporation for U.S federal income tax purposes or if we were to become subject to a material
amount of entity level taxation, then our cash available for distribution would be substantially reduced. 

 The anticipated after-tax benefit of an investment in us depends largely on our classification as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. We have not requested, and do
not plan to request, a ruling from the IRS on this or any other tax matter affecting us. 

 If
we were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would pay federal income taxes on our taxable income at the applicable corporate tax
rate, which is currently a maximum of 35 percent, and we would likely have to pay state income taxes at varying rates. Distributions to our unitholders (to the extent of our earnings and
profits) would generally be taxed again to unitholders as corporate dividends, and no income, gains, losses, deductions or credits would flow through to our unitholders. Because of a tax imposed upon
us as a corporation, the cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be substantially reduced. Any tax treatment of us as a corporation would result in a material reduction in the
anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to unitholders and thus would likely result in a substantial reduction in the value of the common units. 

 The
present U.S. federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including us, or an investment in our units, may be modified by administrative,
legislative or judicial interpretation at any time. From time to time, members of the U.S. Congress propose and consider substantive changes to the existing U.S. federal tax laws that
could include changes affecting the tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships. In addition, President Obama has proposed a budget for fiscal year 2016 that calls for corporate taxation of publicly
traded partnership beginning in 2021. We are unable to predict whether or not changes in the law regarding the treatment of publicly traded partnership, if any, will ultimately occur or
become enacted. 

 Our
pipeline systems are held in operating partnerships or limited liability companies, which are generally treated as flow-through entities for income tax purposes, and as
such the income from our pipeline systems generally has not been subject to income tax at the entity level. Several states have either adopted or may be evaluating a variety of ways to subject
partnerships and limited liability companies to entity level taxation. Imposition of such taxes on our pipeline systems would reduce the cash available for distribution to us and for other business
needs by our pipeline systems, and could adversely affect the amount of funds available for distribution to our unitholders. 

 Any
modification to the U.S. federal income or state tax laws or interpretation thereof, may be applied retroactively and could negatively impact the value of an
investment in our units. Our Partnership Agreement provides that, if a law is enacted or existing law is modified or interpreted in a manner that subjects us to taxation as a corporation or otherwise
subjects us to entity level taxation for federal, state, or local income tax purposes, then specified provisions of the Partnership Agreement relating to distributions will be subject to change. These
changes would include a decrease in distributions to reflect the impact of that law on us. 

26 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

We have not requested an IRS ruling with respect to our tax treatment. 

 We have not requested a ruling from the IRS with respect to any tax matter affecting us. The IRS may adopt positions that differ from the positions we take. It may be necessary
to resort to administrative or court proceedings in an effort to sustain some or all of the positions we take. Any contest with the IRS, and the outcome of any contest with the IRS, may materially and
adversely impact the market for our common units and the price at which the common units trade. In addition, the costs of any contest with the IRS will be borne directly or indirectly by the
unitholders and the General Partner. 

 Unitholders may be required to pay taxes on income from us even if they receive no cash distributions. 

 Because unitholders are treated as partners to whom we allocate taxable income which could be different in amount than the cash distributed, unitholders may be required to pay
U.S. federal income taxes and, in some cases, state and local income taxes on their allocable share of our income, whether or not they receive cash distributions from us. Unitholders may not
receive cash distributions equal to their allocable share of our taxable income or even the tax liability that results from that income. 

 Tax gains or losses on the disposition of common units could be different than expected. 

 If unitholders sell their common units, they will recognize a taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and their adjusted tax basis in those
common units. Prior distributions in excess of the total net taxable income that a unitholder was allocated for a common unit, which distributions decreased the unitholder's tax basis in that common
unit, will, in effect, become taxable income if the common unit is sold at a price greater than their adjusted tax basis in that common unit, even if the price is less than the original cost. A
substantial portion of the amount realized on the sale of common units, whether or not representing a gain, may be ordinary income to unitholders due to certain items such as potential depreciation
recapture. If the IRS were to successfully contest some conventions we use, unitholders could recognize more taxable gain on the sale of common units than would be the case under those conventions
without the benefit of decreased taxable income in prior years. 

 Tax-exempt and non-U.S. investors may have adverse tax consequences from owning common units. 

 An investment in common units by tax-exempt entities and foreign persons raises issues unique to these persons. For example, virtually all of our income allocated to
organizations which are exempt from federal income tax, including individual retirement accounts and other retirement plans, will be unrelated business taxable income and will be taxable to them.
Distributions to foreign persons will be reduced by withholding taxes imposed at the highest applicable effective tax rate, and foreign persons will be required to file federal income tax returns and
pay tax on their share of our taxable income. Any tax-exempt or non-U.S. investors should consult their tax advisor before investing in our common units. 

 We treat a purchaser of common units as having the same tax benefits without regard to the actual common units purchased. A successful IRS challenge
could adversely affect the value of the common units. 

 Because we cannot match transferors and transferees of common units, to maintain uniformity of the economic and tax characteristics of our common units, we have adopted
depreciation and amortization conventions that do not conform to all aspects of specified Treasury Regulations. A successful challenge to those conventions by the IRS could adversely affect the amount
of tax benefits available to unitholders or could affect the timing of tax benefits or the amount of taxable gain from the sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of the
common units or result in audit adjustments to unitholders' tax returns. 

We have adopted certain valuation methodologies that may result in a shift of income, gain, loss and deduction between the General Partner and the
unitholders. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of the common units. 

 For income tax purposes and pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, when we issue additional units or engage in certain other transactions, we determine the fair market value of
our assets and allocate any unrealized gain or loss attributable to our assets to the capital accounts of our unitholders and our General Partner. If our valuation methodology were not sustained upon
an IRS challenge, there may be a shift of income, gain, loss and deduction 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

27 

between
certain unitholders and the General Partner, which may be unfavorable to such unitholders. Our valuation methodology is also used in certain computations and allocations relating to tax basis
adjustments and the tax treatment of unitholders' gain on sale of common units. 

 A
successful IRS challenge to these methods, calculations or allocations could adversely affect the amount of taxable income or loss being allocated to our unitholders. It
also could affect the amount or character of taxable gain from our unitholders' sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of the common units or result in audit adjustments to
our unitholders' tax returns without the benefit of additional deductions. 

 The sale or exchange of 50 percent or more of the total interest in our capital and profits will result in the termination of our Partnership for
federal income tax purposes. 

 We will be considered to have terminated for federal income tax purposes if there is a sale or exchange of 50 percent or more of the total interests in our capital and
profits within a 12-month period. Our termination would, among other things, result in the closing of our taxable year for all unitholders and could result in a deferral of depreciation deductions
allowable in computing our taxable income. 

 Unitholders will likely be subject to state and local taxes and return filing requirements in states where they do not live as a result of an investment
in our common units. 

 In addition to U.S. federal income taxes, unitholders will likely be subject to other taxes, including state and local taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate,
inheritance or intangible taxes that are imposed by the various jurisdictions in which we do business or own property now or in the future, even if they do not live in any of those jurisdictions. We
may be required to withhold income taxes with respect to income allocable or distributions made to our unitholders. In addition, unitholders may be required to file state and local income tax returns
and pay state and local income taxes in some or all of the jurisdictions in which we do business or own property and may be subject to penalties for failure to comply with those requirements. We
currently own assets and conduct business in Arizona, California, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas,
Washington, Wisconsin and Wyoming. Should we make acquisitions or expand our business, we may own assets or conduct business in additional states. Most of these states currently impose personal income
taxes on individuals. Generally, these states also impose income taxes on corporations and other entities. It is the unitholders' responsibility to file all required U.S. federal, state and
local tax returns. Counsel has not rendered an opinion on the state or local tax consequences of an investment in us. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None. 

Item 2. Properties 

 A description of the location and general character of our principal physical properties is included in Item 1. "Business" and is incorporated herein
by reference. 

 We
believe that our pipeline systems hold all rights, titles and interests in their respective pipeline systems. With respect to real property, our pipeline systems own or
lease sites for compressor stations, meter stations, pipeline field offices and microwave towers. Our pipeline systems are constructed and operated on land owned by third parties, governmental
authorities and others pursuant to leases, easements, rights-of-way, permits and licenses. We believe that our pipeline systems' properties are adequate and suitable for the conduct of their business
in the future. 

 Northern Border Approximately 90 miles of Northern Border's pipeline system is
located within the boundaries of the Fort Peck Indian Reservation in Montana. Northern Border has a pipeline right-of-way lease with the Assiniboine and Sioux Tribes of the Fort Peck Indian
Reservation, the term of which expires in 2061. In conjunction with obtaining right-of-way access across tribal lands located within the exterior boundaries of the Fort Peck Indian Reservation, 

28 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

Northern
Border also obtained right-of-way access across allotted lands located within the reservation boundaries. With the exception of three tracts subject to right-of-way grants expiring in 2015,
the allotted lands are subject to a perpetual easement granted by the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) for and on behalf of the individual allottees. The right-of-way grants for the three remaining
tracts were renewed by the BIA. Two of the tracts are now subject to a perpetual easement and the third tract was renewed for a term of 20 years, expiring in 2035. 

 Great Lakes Approximately 74 miles of Great Lakes' pipeline system is located
within the boundaries of three Indian reservations: the Leech Lake Chippewa Indian Reservation and the Fond du Lac Chippewa Indian Reservation in Minnesota, and the Bad River Chippewa Indian
Reservation in Wisconsin. Great Lakes has right-of-way access, granted by the BIA, across allotted lands located within each reservation's boundaries that expire in 2018. Also, the Great Lakes
pipeline crosses approximately 1,000 feet in two tracts under perpetual easement, located within the Chippewa Indian Reservation in Lower Michigan. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

 We are involved in various legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, as well as proceedings that we consider material under federal securities
regulations. Information regarding our pipeline systems' rate proceedings described in Item 1. "Business Government
Regulation Regulatory and Rate Proceedings" is incorporated herein by reference. We are also a party to the following legal proceedings: 

 Great
Lakes v. Essar Steel Minnesota LLC, et al. On October 29, 2009, Great Lakes filed suit in the
U.S. District Court, District of Minnesota, against Essar Minnesota LLC and certain Essar affiliates (collectively, Essar) for breach of its monthly payment obligation under its
transportation services agreement with Great Lakes. Great Lakes sought to recover approximately 33 million for past and future payments due under the agreement. During the first quarter of
2013, the Federal District Court ruled favorably on a summary judgment motion for Great Lakes and dismissed Essar's defenses. In July 2013, the Essar Defendants made an offer of judgment to
Great Lakes narrowing the issue for trial to the appropriate discount rate on the damages. On October 10, 2014, the District Court issued an Order striking Essar's discount rate expert. Trial
on damages was scheduled for October 27, 2014; however, Essar objected to the jurisdiction of the District Court and filed a motion to dismiss the case. The parties filed briefs on the
jurisdictional issue and the issue is currently pending with the District Court. Due to the jurisdictional issue, the trial was continued and has not yet been rescheduled. 

 State of South Dakota Use Tax Appeal On February 28, 2011, the State of South
Dakota assessed a use tax in the amount of approximately 6 million on Northern Border for shipper supplied natural gas used to fuel compressors on Northern Border's pipeline system from
July 1, 2007 to December 31, 2010. In November 2011, Northern Border filed a Request for Hearing with the South Dakota Department of Revenue to protest the assessment. A hearing
was held on the matter in May 2012 and in the third quarter of 2013, the South Dakota Department of Revenue determined that the gas used by Northern Border to fuel compressors is taxable. In
October 2013, Northern Border filed an appeal of this decision in the South Dakota Circuit Court, Sixth Judicial Circuit. In May 2014, the Sixth Judicial Circuit Court (Circuit Court)
issued a Memorandum Decision reversing the Final Decision of the South Dakota Department of Revenue. The Circuit Court found that the compression of natural gas and the natural gas burned in that
process is a function of natural gas transportation and therefore exempt from use tax. The South Dakota Department of Revenue filed an appeal to the Circuit Court decision on July 23, 2014.
Briefs were submitted to the South Dakota Supreme Court in October 2014 and oral argument is scheduled for March 24, 2015. As of December 31, 2014, Northern Border has recorded a
liability of 14 million, including interest. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

 None. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

29 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 As of February 24, 2015, there were 49 registered holders of common units and approximately 32,568 beneficial owners of common units, including common units held in street
name. Our common units trade on the NYSE under the symbol "TCP." 

 As
of February 24, 2015, the Partnership had 63,561,546 common units outstanding, of which 46,476,715 are held by the public, 17,084,831 common units
are held by TransCanada, including 5,797,106 held by our General Partner. The common units represent an effective 98 percent limited partner interest. Our General Partner holds an
effective two percent general partner interest. 

 The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sale prices per common unit, as reported by the NYSE, and the amount of cash distributions
declared per common unit with respect
to the corresponding periods. Cash distributions are paid within 45 days after the end of each quarter to unitholders of record as of the record date. 

Price Range 

Cash Distributions 
Declared per 

High 

Low 

Common Unit 

2014 

First Quarter 

48.57 

44.92 

0.81 

Second Quarter 

53.25 

47.52 

0.84 

Third Quarter 

68.37 

50.74 

0.84 

Fourth Quarter 

80.46 

57.69 

0.84 

2013 

First Quarter 
 
 49.13 
 
 40.60 
 
 0.78 

Second Quarter 
 
 50.27 
 
 42.16 
 
 0.81 

Third Quarter 
 
 52.61 
 
 45.69 
 
 0.81 

Fourth Quarter 
 
 51.90 
 
 43.06 
 
 0.81 

On February 13, 2015, we paid a cash distribution of 55 million to common unitholders and the General Partner,
representing a cash distribution of 0.84 per common unit for the quarter ended December 31, 2014. The distribution was allocated in the following manner: 54 million to the common
unitholders as of the close of business on February 3, 2015 (including approximately 14 million to TransCanada as holder of 17,084,831 common units), and 1 million to the
General Partner in respect of its effective two percent general partner interest, which includes de minimus incentive distributions. In 2014, the Partnership made cash distributions to common
unitholders and the General Partner that amounted to 212 million compared to 188 million in 2013. 

 Cash Distribution Policy 

 Pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, the General Partner receives two percent of all cash distributions in regard to its general partner interest and is also entitled to
incentive distributions as described below. The unitholders receive the remaining portion of the cash distribution. Our quarterly cash distributions to the unitholders comprise all of our Available
Cash. Available Cash is defined in the Partnership Agreement and generally means, with respect to any
quarter, all cash on hand at the end of a quarter less the amount of cash reserves that are necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable discretion of the General Partner, to: 

provide
for the proper conduct of our business (including reserves for future capital expenditures and anticipated credit needs);
 comply
with applicable laws or any debt instrument or other agreement to which we are subject; and 

30 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

provide
funds for cash distributions to unitholders and the General Partner in respect of any one or more of the next four quarters. 

 Incentive Distributions 

 The incentive distribution provisions of the Partnership Agreement provide that the General Partner receives 15 percent of quarterly amounts distributed in excess of
 0.81 per common unit, and a maximum of 25 percent of quarterly amounts distributed in excess of 0.88 per common unit, provided the balance has been first distributed to unitholders on a
pro rata basis. The amounts that trigger incentive distributions at various levels are subject to adjustment in certain events, as described in the Partnership Agreement. In the second quarter
of 2014, distributions exceeded the first target of the General Partner's IDRs by 0.03 per common unit, resulting in an increase in the distribution on the General Partner interest from 2 to 15 on
the incremental distribution in excess of the first target. In 2014, we paid incentive distributions to our General Partner of approximately 1 million. In 2013, we paid no incentive
distributions to our General Partner. 

 Additional
information about our cash distributions is included in Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources" and Item 13. "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence." 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

 The selected financial data should be read in conjunction with the financial statements, including the notes thereto, and Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 

(millions of dollars, except per common unit amounts) 

2014 
 
 2013 (a) 
 
 2012 (a) 
 
 2011 (a) 
 
 2010 (a) 

Income Data (for the year ended December 31) 

Transmission revenues 

336 
 
 341 
 
 343 
 
 353 
 
 286 

Equity earnings from unconsolidated affiliates 

88 
 
 67 
 
 99 
 
 135 
 
 126 

Net income 

204 
 
 191 
 
 229 
 
 250 
 
 200 

Net income attributable to controlling interests 

172 
 
 155 
 
 192 
 
 216 
 
 181 

Basic and diluted net income per common unit (b) 

2.67 
 
 2.13 
 
 2.51 
 
 3.02 
 
 2.91 

Cash Flow Data (for the year ended December 31) 

Cash distribution declared per common unit 

3.30 
 
 3.21 
 
 3.11 
 
 3.06 
 
 2.96 

Balance Sheet Data (at December 31) 

Total assets 

3,349 
 
 3,443 
 
 3,505 
 
 3,625 
 
 3,639 

Long-term debt (including current maturities) 

1,695 
 
 1,578 
 
 1,013 
 
 1,067 
 
 1,000 

Partners' equity 

1,586 
 
 1,789 
 
 2,422 
 
 2,496 
 
 2,254 

(a) Recast
as discussed in Note 2 and Note 6 of the Partnership's consolidated financial statements included in Item 15. "Exhibit and
Financial Statement Schedules" of this report.
 (b) Represents
basic and diluted net income per common unit prior to recast. 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

 Management's Discussion and Analysis is intended to give our unitholders an opportunity to view the Partnership through the eyes of our management. We have done so by providing
management's current assessment of, and outlook of the business of the Partnership. Our discussion and analysis includes the following: 

EXECUTIVE
OVERVIEW;
 HOW
WE EVALUATE OUR OPERATIONS; 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

31 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS;
 LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES;
 CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES;
 CONTINGENCIES;
and
 RELATED
PARTY TRANSACTIONS. 

 The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with Item 15. "Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules." 

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 Net income attributable to controlling interest was 172 million or 2.67 per common unit in 2014 compared to 155 million (as recast) or 2.13 per common
unit in 2013. Cash distributions paid increased thirteen percent to 212 million while Partnership cash flows increased thirty-one percent to 254 million. Our cash distribution coverage
ratio was 1.22 times in 2014 compared to 1.06 times in 2013. 

 ATM Program In August 2014, we established an at-the-market equity program.
Pursuant to the terms of the EDA, we may from time to time, through our sales agents, offer and sell common units having an aggregate offering price of up to 200 million. Sales of such common
units will be made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions on the NYSE at market prices, in block transactions or as otherwise agreed upon by one or more of our sales agents and us. 

 In
2014, the Partnership issued 1.3 million common units under the ATM Program generating proceeds of approximately 72 million of the 200 million
authorized. Our General Partner also contributed approximately 1 million to maintain its effective two percent general partner interest. The commissions to our sales agents were approximately
 1 million. 

 Bison Acquisition On October 1, 2014, we acquired the remaining
30 percent interest in Bison from a subsidiary of TransCanada. The total purchase price of the 2014 Acquisition was 215 million plus purchase price adjustments of 2 million.
This acquisition is expected to improve the Partnership's long-term cash flow stability and predictability by long-term contract profile through 2020. 

 Short-Term Loan Facility On October 1, 2014, the Partnership borrowed
 170 million payable in 364-days. The outstanding principal bears interest based on the LIBOR plus an applicable margin. We used the proceeds to partially fund the 2014 Acquisition and reduce
the amount outstanding under our Senior Credit Facility. 

 GTN Acquisition On February 24, 2015, we entered into an agreement to acquire
the remaining 30 percent interest in GTN from TransCanada for 446 million comprised of 253 million in cash, the assumption of 98 million in proportional GTN debt and the
issuance of 95 million of new Class B units to TransCanada. The Partnership plans to fund the cash portion of the transaction through a combination of debt and common equity. The
Class B units will be entitled to a distribution based on 30 percent of GTN's annual distributions as
follows: i) for the first five years, 100 percent of distributions above 20 million; and ii) for subsequent years, 25 percent of distributions above
 20 million. The transaction is expected to close on April 1, 2015. 

 The
transaction was approved by the Board of Directors of the general partner, based on approval and recommendation from the Board's conflicts committee which is comprised
entirely of independent directors. 

Outlook of Our Business 

 TransCanada, the ultimate parent company of our General Partner, is currently executing a large capital program that includes 46 billion of commercially secured
projects backed by long-term contracts or cost of service business models. 

32 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

TransCanada's
management has expressed its intent to drop down all of TransCanada's remaining U.S. natural gas pipeline assets into the Partnership to assist in funding its capital program and
increase the size and diversity of the Partnership's asset base. There can be no assurance when any drop downs may occur. 

 The
Partnership's financial performance is expected to benefit from acquisitions including the remaining interests in the Bison and GTN pipelines. Despite uncertainty in
energy commodity prices, our portfolio of six FERC-regulated interstate natural gas pipelines, five of which are backed by long-term, ship-or-pay contracts, is expected to deliver generally stable
results in 2015. 

HOW WE EVALUATE OUR OPERATIONS 

 We evaluate our business primarily on the basis of the underlying operating results for each of our pipeline systems along with a measure of Partnership cash flows. This
measure does not have a standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP. It is, therefore, considered to be a non-GAAP measure and is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other entities.
See Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital
Resources Partnership Cash Flows". 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Our equity interests in Northern Border and Great Lakes, and ownership of GTN, Bison, North Baja and Tuscarora were our only material sources of income in 2014. Therefore, our
results of operations and Partnership cash flows were influenced by, and reflect the same factors that influenced, our pipeline systems. See Item 1. "Business." 

 To
supplement our financial statements, we have presented a comparison of the earnings contribution components from each of our investments. We have presented net income
attributable to controlling interests in this format to enhance investors' understanding of the way management analyzes our financial performance. The presentation of this additional information is
not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

Partnership Results of Operations 

(millions of dollars) 

2014 
 
 2013 (a) 
 
 2012 (a) 

Net income: 

GTN 

72 
 
 75 
 
 78 

Bison 

46 
 
 46 
 
 44 

North Baja 

23 
 
 22 
 
 21 

Tuscarora 

17 
 
 16 
 
 15 

Equity earnings: 

Northern Border 

69 
 
 64 
 
 72 

Great Lakes 

19 
 
 3 
 
 27 

Partnership expenses 

(42 

(35) 
 (28) 

Net income 

204 
 
 191 
 
 229 

Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 

32 
 
 36 
 
 37 

Net income attributable to controlling interests 

172 
 
 155 
 
 192 

(a) Recast
as discussed in Note 2 and Note 6 of the Partnership's consolidated financial statements included in Item 15. "Exhibit and
Financial Statement Schedules" of this report. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

33 

Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2013 

 Net income attributable to controlling interests increased 17 million to 172 million in 2014 compared to 155 million in 2013. This increase was
primarily due to higher equity earnings from Northern Border and Great Lakes partially offset by higher Partnership expenses. 

 Equity
earnings increased from Northern Border and Great Lakes primarily due to higher transportation revenues for the first quarter of 2014 mainly due to the sale of daily
capacity during the winter months. 

 Partnership
expenses were 42 million in 2014, an increase of 7 million compared to the same period in 2013. The increase was primarily due to interest
expense incurred in relation to the 500 million term loan obtained to finance a portion of the 2013 Acquisition. 

Year Ended December 31, 2013 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2012 

 Net income attributable to controlling interests decreased 37 million to 155 million in 2013 compared to 192 million in 2012. This decrease was
primarily due to lower equity earnings from Great Lakes and Northern Border and higher Partnership expenses. 

 Equity
earnings from Great Lakes were 3 million in 2013, a decrease of 24 million compared to 2012. The decrease was primarily due to lower revenue resulting
from capacity contracted at lower rates and volumes in 2013 compared to 2012. 

Equity
earnings from Northern Border were 64 million in 2013, a decrease of 8 million compared to 2012. This was primarily due to the 11 percent
reduction in reservation rates resulting from the Northern Border Settlement which became effective in January 2013. 

 Partnership
expenses were 35 million in 2013, an increase of 7 million compared to the same period in 2012. This increase was primarily due to acquisition
and interest expenses incurred in relation to the 2013 Acquisition. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Overview 

 Our principal sources of liquidity include distributions received from our investments in partially owned affiliates, operating cash flows from our consolidated subsidiaries,
public offerings of debt and equity, term loans and our bank credit facility. The Partnership funds its operating expenses, debt service and cash distributions primarily with operating cash flows.
Long-term capital needs may be met through the issuance of long-term debt and/or equity. 

 Our
pipeline systems' principal sources of liquidity are cash generated from operating activities, long-term debt offerings, bank credit facilities and equity contributions
from their owners. Our pipeline systems have historically funded operating expenses, debt service and cash distributions to their owners primarily with operating cash flow. However, since the fourth
quarter of 2010, Great Lakes has funded its debt repayments with cash calls to its owners. Northern Border also funded 62 million of debt repayment in 2013 with a cash call to
its owners. 

 Capital
expenditures are funded by a variety of sources, including cash generated from operating activities, borrowings under bank credit facilities, issuance of senior
unsecured notes or equity contributions from our pipeline systems' owners. The ability of our pipeline systems to access the debt capital markets under reasonable terms depends on their financial
position and general market conditions. 

 The
Partnership's pipeline systems monitor the creditworthiness of their customers and have credit provisions included in their tariffs which, although limited by FERC,
allow them to request credit support as circumstances dictate. 

 Our
cash flow is based on the distributions from our portfolio of six pipelines. Overall, we believe that our pipeline systems' ability to obtain financing at reasonable
rates, together with a history of consistent cash flow from operating activities, provide a solid foundation to meet future liquidity and capital requirements. We expect to be able to fund our 

34 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

liquidity
requirements, including our distributions, at the Partnership level, over the next 12 months utilizing our cash flow and our existing Senior Credit Facility if required. 

Partnership Cash Flows 

 The Partnership uses the non-GAAP financial measures "Partnership cash flows" and "Partnership cash flows before General Partner distributions" as they provide a measure of
cash generated during the period to evaluate our cash distribution capability. As well, management uses these measures as a basis for recommendations to our General Partner's board of directors
regarding the distribution amount to be declared each quarter. Partnership cash flow information is presented to enhance investors' understanding of the way that management analyzes the Partnership's
financial performance. 

 Partnership
cash flows include net income attributable to controlling interests, less net income attributed to GTN's and Bison's former parent, plus operating cash flows
from North Baja and Tuscarora, and cash distributions received from GTN, Northern Border, Great Lakes, and Bison, less equity earnings from unconsolidated affiliates and consolidated subsidiaries' net
income as previously reported, plus net income attributable to non-controlling interests from consolidated subsidiaries after the 2013 Acquisition, and net of distributions declared to the General
Partner. Partnership cash flows before General Partner distributions represent Partnership cash flows prior to distributions paid to the General Partner. 

 Partnership
cash flows and Partnership cash flows before General Partner distributions are provided as a supplement to GAAP financial results and are not meant to be
considered in isolation or as substitutes for financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

35 

Non-GAAP Measures 
Reconciliations of Net Income Attributable to Controlling Interests to Partnership Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31 

(millions of dollars except per common unit amounts) 

2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

Net income attributable to controlling interests 

172 
 
 155 
 (a) 
 192 
 (a) 

Less net income attributed GTN's and Bison's former parent 

(26) (b) 
 (55) (b) 

Net income allocated to controlling interests 

172 
 
 129 
 
 137 

Add: 

Cash distributions from GTN (c) 

83 
 
 54 
 
 28 

Cash distributions from Northern Border (c) 

87 
 
 84 
 
 96 

Cash distributions from Bison (c) 

50 
 
 29 
 
 16 

Cash distributions from Great Lakes (c) 

27 
 
 17 
 
 44 

Cash flows provided by North Baja's and Tuscarora's operating activities 

53 
 
 50 
 
 49 

300 
 
 234 
 
 233 

Less: 

Equity earnings as previously reported: 

GTN 

(9) 
 (19) 

Northern Border 

(69 

(64) 
 (72) 

Bison 

(6) 
 (11) 

Great Lakes 

(19 

(3) 
 (27) 

(88 

(82) 
 (129) 

Less: 

Consolidated Subsidiaries' net income as previously reported (d) 

GTN 

(72 

(39) 

Bison 

(46 

(23) 

North Baja 

(23 

(22) 
 (21) 

Tuscarora 

(17 

(16) 
 (15) 

(158 

(100) 
 (36) 

Add: 

Net income attributable to non-controlling interests after the 2013 Acquisition 

32 
 
 18 

Partnership cash flows before General Partner distributions 

258 
 
 199 
 
 205 

General Partner distributions (e) 

(4 

(4) 
 (3) 

Partnership cash flows 

254 
 
 195 
 
 202 

Cash distributions declared 

(215 

(197) 
 (170) 

Cash distributions declared per common unit (f) 

3.33 
 
 3.21 
 
 3.11 

Cash distributions paid 

(212 

(188) 
 (169) 

Cash distributions paid per common unit (f) 

3.30 
 
 3.18 
 
 3.10 

(a) Recast
as discussed in Note 2 and Note 6 of the Partnership's consolidated financial statements included in Item 15. "Exhibit and
Financial Statement Schedules" of this report. 

36 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

(b) Net
income allocated to controlling interests excludes net income attributed to GTN's and Bison's former parent as it was allocated to TransCanada and was
not allocable to either the general partner or common units. This amount also reconciles net income attributable to controlling interests, as recast to the net income attributable to controlling
interests as previously reported by the Partnership.
 (c) In
accordance with the cash distribution policies of the respective entities, cash distributions from GTN, Northern Border, Bison and Great Lakes, are
based on their respective prior quarter financial results. Distributions from GTN are based on 70 percent ownership starting from July 1, 2013.
 (d) "Consolidated
Subsidiaries" includes the results of North Baja and Tuscarora and, after July 1, 2013, GTN and Bison as well.
 (e) General
Partner distributions represent the cash distributions paid to the General Partner with respect to its effective two percent general partner
interest plus an amount equal to incentive distributions. Incentive distributions for the twelve months ended December 31, 2014 was 1 million. No incentive distributions was paid to the
General Partner twelve months ended December 31, 2013.
 (f) Cash
distributions declared per common unit and cash distributions paid per common unit are computed by dividing cash distributions, after the deduction of
the General Partner's allocation, by the number of common units outstanding. The General Partner's allocation is computed based upon the General Partner's effective two percent general partner
interest plus an amount equal to incentive distributions. 

 Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2013 

 Partnership cash flows increased 59 million to 254 million in 2014 compared to 195 million in 2013. This increase was primarily due to increased cash
distributions from GTN and Bison of 50 million as a result of the 2013 Acquisition, increased cash distributions from Bison as a result of the 2014 Acquisition and distributions from Great
Lakes of 10 million, consistent with the increases in earnings previously discussed in Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations Results of Operations." 

 The
Partnership paid cash distributions of 212 million in 2014, an increase of 24 million compared to 2013. This increase is due to a 0.03 increase in the
distribution per common unit in July 2014, as well as an increase in the number of common units outstanding resulting from issuances under the ATM Program that began in August 2014. 

Year Ended December 31, 2013 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2012 

 Partnership cash flows decreased 7 million to 195 million in 2013 compared to 202 million in 2012. This decrease was primarily due to lower cash
distributions from Great Lakes of 27 million and Northern Border of 12 million as compared to the same period of 2012, consistent with the reductions in earnings previously discussed
in Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations." This was offset by increased
cash distributions of 39 million from GTN and Bison as a result of the 2013 Acquisition. 

 The
Partnership paid cash distributions of 188 million in 2013, an increase of 19 million compared to 2012. This increase is due to a 0.03 increase in the
distribution per common unit in July 2013, as well as an increase in the number of common units outstanding resulting from the equity issuance in May 2013. 

 Other Cash Flows 

 In March and October of 2014, the Partnership made equity contributions totaling 9 million to Great Lakes to fund debt repayments. 

 On
October 1, 2014, the Partnership acquired the remaining 30 percent interest in Bison from a subsidiary of TransCanada. The total purchase price of the 2014
Acquisition was 215 million plus purchase price adjustments of approximately 2 million. The acquisition of Bison was financed through combinations of (i) net proceeds from the
ATM Program, and (ii) short-term financing. Refer to Item 15. "Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules" Note 6 "ACQUISITIONS" for additional disclosure regarding the 2014
Acquisition. 

 In
the second quarter of 2014, the Partnership made a payment of 25 million in accordance with the 2013 Acquisition related to the attainment of certain events with
respect to the Carty Lateral project. 

In
November 2013, the Partnership made an equity contribution totaling 31 million to Northern Border to fund repayment of a portion of the Northern Border
Credit Facility. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

37 

On
July 1, 2013, the Partnership acquired a 45 percent membership interest in each of GTN and Bison from subsidiaries of TransCanada, increasing the
Partnership's ownership in each of GTN and Bison to 70 percent. The Partnership paid 921 million in respect of this acquisition in 2013. It was financed with net proceeds from an equity
issuance of 373 million, borrowing of 500 million in term loans, an 8 million capital contribution from the General Partner, a draw under the Senior Credit Facility and cash on
hand. Refer to Item 15. "Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules" Note 6 "ACQUISITIONS" for additional disclosure regarding the 2013 Acquisition. 

 In
the second quarter of 2013, Bison's former parent made an equity contribution to Bison of 18 million which was used to repay inter-affiliate debt primarily
related to pipeline construction costs, including reclamation and restoration work. 

 In
March and October of 2013, the Partnership made equity contributions totaling 9 million to Great Lakes to fund debt repayments. 

Contractual Obligations 

 The Partnership's Contractual Obligations 

 The Partnership's contractual obligations as of December 31, 2014 included the following: 

Payments Due by Period 

(millions of dollars) 
 
 Total 
 
 Less than 
1 Year 
 
 1-3 Years 
 
 4-5 Years 
 
 More than 
5 Years 

Senior Credit Facility due 2017 
 
 330 

330 

Term Loan Facility due 2018 
 
 500 

500 

Short-Term Loan Facility due 2015 
 
 170 
 
 170 

4.65 Senior Notes due 2021 
 
 350 

350 

5.09 Senior Notes due 2015 
 
 75 
 
 75 

5.29 Senior Notes due 2020 
 
 100 

100 

5.69 Senior Notes due 2035 
 
 150 

150 

3.82 Series D Senior Notes due 2017 
 
 20 
 
 4 
 
 16 

Interest on Debt Obligations (a) 
 
 356 
 
 45 
 
 99 
 
 64 
 
 148 

Operating Leases 
 
 5 
 
 1 
 
 1 
 
 1 
 
 2 

2,056 
 
 295 
 
 446 
 
 565 
 
 750 

(a) Interest
payments on floating-rate debt are estimated using interest rates effective as of December 31, 2014. 

 The Partnership's Senior Credit Facility consists of a 500 million senior revolving credit facility with a banking syndicate,
maturing November 20, 2017, under which 330 million was outstanding at December 31, 2014 (2013 380 million). 

 At
the Partnership's option, the interest rate on the outstanding borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility may be lenders' base rate or LIBOR plus, in either case, an
applicable margin that is based on the Partnership's long-term unsecured credit ratings. The Senior Credit Facility permits the Partnership to specify the portion of the borrowings to be covered by
specific interest rate options and, for LIBOR-based borrowings, to specify the interest rate period. The Partnership is required to pay a commitment fee based on its credit rating and on the unused
principal amount of the commitments under the Senior Credit Facility. The Senior Credit Facility has a feature whereby at any time, so long as no event of default has occurred and is continuing, the
Partnership may request an increase in the Senior Credit Facility of up to 250 million, but no lender has an obligation to increase their respective share of the facility. 

38 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

The LIBOR-based interest rate on the Senior Credit Facility averaged 1.41 percent for the year ended December 31, 2014
(2013 1.44 percent). 

 On
July 1, 2013, the Partnership entered into a term loan agreement with a syndicate of lenders for a 500 million Term Loan Facility. On July 2, 2013,
the Partnership borrowed 500 million under a new Term Loan Facility with a syndicate of lenders, which matures on July 1, 2018. The outstanding principal amount bears interest based, at
the Partnership's election, on the LIBOR or the base rate plus, in either case, an applicable margin. 

 The
LIBOR based interest rate on the Term Loan Facility averaged 1.41 percent for the year ended December 31, 2014. After hedging activity, the interest rate
incurred on the Term Loan Facility averaged 1.82 percent for the year ended December 31, 2014. Prior to hedging activities, the LIBOR-based interest rate was 1.41 percent at
December 31, 2014 (2013-1.42 percent). 

 On
October 1, 2014, the Partnership borrowed 170 million under a Short-Term Loan Facility payable in 364-days. The outstanding principal bears interest based
on the LIBOR plus an applicable margin. 

 The
LIBOR-based interest rate on the Short-Term Loan Facility averaged 1.28 percent for the period ended December 31, 2014. 

 The
Senior Credit Facility, the Term Loan Facilities and Short-Term Loan Facility require the Partnership to maintain a leverage ratio (debt to adjusted cash flow
(net income plus cash distributions received, extraordinary losses, interest expense, expense for taxes paid or accrued, and depreciation and amortization expense less
equity earnings and extraordinary gains)) of no more than 5.00 to 1.00 at the end of each fiscal quarter. The permitted leverage ratio will increase to 5.50 to 1.00 for the fiscal
quarter in which a specified material acquisition occurs and for the two fiscal quarters immediately following such acquisition, after which the permitted leverage ratio reverts to 5.00 to 1.00. The
leverage ratio was 4.36 to 1.00 as of December 31, 2014. The Senior Credit Facility, the Term Loan Facility and Short-Term Loan Facility contain additional covenants that include
restrictions on entering into mergers, consolidations and sales of assets, granting liens, material amendments to the Partnership Agreement, incurrence of additional debt by the Partnership's
subsidiaries and distributions to unitholders. Upon any breach of these covenants, amounts outstanding under the Senior Credit Facility, the Term Loan Facility and Short-Term Loan Facility may become
immediately due and payable. 

 On
June 1, 2015, GTN's 5.09 percent unsecured Senior Notes will mature. As market conditions dictate, GTN intends to refinance all or a portion of this debt
with either fixed-rate or variable rate debt. GTN's Senior Notes provisions contain a covenant that limits total debt to no greater than 70 percent of total capitalization. 

 Series D
Senior Notes are secured by Tuscarora's transportation contracts, supporting agreements and substantially all of Tuscarora's property. The note purchase
agreements contain certain provisions that include, among other items, limitations on additional indebtedness and distributions to partners. 

 At
December 31, 2014, the Partnership was in compliance with its financial covenants. 

 The
fair value of the Partnership's long-term debt is estimated by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at estimated current borrowing rates. The estimated
fair value of the Partnership's long-term debt at December 31, 2014 was 1,751 million. As of February 27, 2015, the Partnership had 320 million outstanding under the
Senior Credit Facility. 

Capital Requirements 

 The Partnership is expected to make equity contributions totaling 9 million to Great Lakes in 2015 for scheduled debt repayments. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

39 

GTN
will spend approximately 54 million to build the Carty Lateral which is expected to be in-service in the third quarter of 2015. 

 The
Partnership expects to pay approximately 253 million in cash to a subsidiary of TransCanada as part of the purchase price for the remaining 30 percent
interest in GTN. The payment is expected to be made on April 1, 2015. 

 To
the extent the Partnership has any additional capital requirements with respect to our pipeline systems or acquisitions in the future, we expect to fund these
requirements with operating cash flows, debt and/or equity. 

Summary of Northern Border's Contractual Obligations 

 Northern Border's contractual obligations as of December 31, 2014 included the following: 

Payments Due by Period (a) 

(millions of dollars) 
 
 Total 
 
 Less than 
1 Year 
 
 1-3 
Years 
 
 4-5 
Years 
 
 More than 
5 Years 

6.24 Senior Notes due 2016 
 
 100 

100 

7.50 Senior Notes due 2021 
 
 250 

250 

200 million Credit Agreement due 2016 
 
 61 

61 

Interest payments on debt 
 
 140 
 
 26 
 
 61 
 
 38 
 
 15 

Operating leases 
 
 57 
 
 2 
 
 7 
 
 4 
 
 44 

Other long-term obligations 
 
 3 
 
 3 

611 
 
 31 
 
 229 
 
 42 
 
 309 

(a) Represents
100 percent of Northern Border's contractual obligations. 

 Senior Notes 

 All of Northern Border's outstanding debt securities are senior unsecured notes with similar terms except for interest rates, maturity dates and prepayment premiums. The
indentures for the notes do not limit the amount of unsecured debt Northern Border may incur, but do restrict secured indebtedness. At December 31, 2014, Northern Border was in compliance with
all of its financial covenants. 

 At
December 31, 2014, the aggregate estimated fair value of Northern Border's long-term debt was approximately 476 million
(2013 462 million). In 2014, interest expense related to the senior notes was 25 million
(2013 25 million; 2012 25 million). 

 Credit Agreement 

 Northern Border's credit agreement consists of a 200 million revolving credit facility. At December 31, 2014, 61 million was outstanding leaving
 139 million available for future borrowings. At Northern Border's option, the interest rate on the outstanding borrowings may be the lenders' base rate or LIBOR plus, in either case, an
applicable margin that is based on Northern Border's long-term unsecured credit ratings. The interest rate on Northern Border's Credit Agreement at December 31, 2014 was 1.39 percent
(2013 1.37 percent). At December 31, 2014, Northern Border was in compliance with all of its financial covenants. 

 Operating Leases 

 Northern Border is required to make future minimum payments for office space and rights-of-way under non-cancelable operating leases. 

40 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

Summary of Great Lakes' Contractual Obligations 

 Great Lakes' contractual obligations as of December 31, 2014 included the following: 

Payments Due by Period (a) 

(millions of dollars) 
 
 Total 
 
 Less than 
1 Year 
 
 1-3 
Years 
 
 4-5 
Years 
 
 More than 5 Years 

6.73 series Senior Notes due 2015 to 2018 
 
 36 
 
 9 
 
 18 
 
 9 

9.09 series Senior Notes due 2015 to 2021 
 
 70 
 
 10 
 
 20 
 
 20 
 
 20 

6.95 series Senior Notes due 2019 to 2028 
 
 110 

11 
 
 99 

8.08 series Senior Notes due 2021 to 2030 
 
 100 

100 

Interest payments on debt 
 
 188 
 
 24 
 
 44 
 
 38 
 
 82 

504 
 
 43 
 
 82 
 
 78 
 
 301 

(a) Represents
100 percent of Great Lakes' contractual obligations. 

 Long-Term Financing 

 All of Great Lakes' outstanding debt securities are senior unsecured notes with similar terms except for interest rates, maturity dates and prepayment premiums. 

 Great
Lakes is required to comply with certain financial, operational and legal covenants. Under the most restrictive covenants in the senior note agreements, approximately
 170 million of Great Lakes' partners' capital was restricted as to distributions as of December 31, 2014 (2013 180 million). Great Lakes
was in compliance with all of its financial covenants at December 31, 2014. 

 The
aggregate estimated fair value of Great Lakes' long-term debt was 409 million at December 31, 2014
(2013 410 million). The aggregate annual required repayment of senior notes is 19 million for each year 2015 through 2018 and 21 million
for 2019. Aggregate required repayments of senior notes thereafter total 219 million. In 2014, interest expense related to Great Lakes' senior notes was 25 million
(2013 27 million; 2012 28 million). 

 Other 

 Great Lakes has a cash management agreement with TransCanada whereby Great Lakes' funds are pooled with other TransCanada affiliates. The agreement also gives Great Lakes the
ability to obtain short-term borrowings to provide liquidity for Great Lakes' operating needs. 

Cash Distribution Policy of the Partnership 

 The following table illustrates the percentage allocations of available cash from operating surplus between the common unitholders and our General Partner based on the
specified target distribution levels. The percentage interests set forth below for our General Partner include its two percent general partner interest and IDRs, and assume our General Partner has
contributed any additional capital necessary to maintain its two percent general partner interest. The 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

41 

distribution
to the General Partner illustrated below, other than in its capacity as a holder of 5,797,106 common units that are in excess of its effective two percent general partner interest,
represents the IDRs. 

Marginal Percentage 
Interest in Distribution 

Total Quarterly Distribution 
Per Unit Target Amount 
 
 Common 
Unitholders 
 
 General 
Partner 

Minimum Quarterly Distribution 
 
 0.45 
 
 98 
 
 2 

First Target Distribution 
 
 above 0.45 up to 0.81 
 
 98 
 
 2 

Second Target Distribution 
 
 above 0.81 up to 0.88 
 
 85 
 
 15 

Thereafter 
 
 above 0.88 
 
 75 
 
 25 

2014 Fourth Quarter Cash Distribution 

 On January 22, 2015, the board of directors of our General Partner declared the Partnership's fourth quarter 2014 cash distribution in the amount of 0.84 per common
unit. The fourth quarter cash distribution, which was paid on February 13, 2015 to unitholders of record as of February 3, 2015, totaled 55 million and was paid in the following
manner: 54 million to common unitholders (including 5 million to the General Partner as holder of 5,797,106 common units and 9 million to another subsidiary of
TransCanada as holder of 11,287,725 common units) and 1 million to the General Partner in respect of its two percent general partner interest and incentive distributions. The fourth
quarter 2014 cash distribution represents an annual cash distribution of 3.33 per common unit. 

 Distribution Policies of Our Pipeline Systems 

 Distributions of available cash are made to partners on a pro rata basis according to each partner's ownership percentage, approximately one month following the end of a
quarter. Our pipeline systems' respective management committees determine the amounts and timing of cash distributions, where the amounts of such distributions are based on distributable cash flow as
determined by a prescribed formula. Any changes to, or suspension of our pipeline systems' cash distribution policies requires the unanimous approval of their respective management committees. 

 GTN,
Bison, and North Baja's distribution policies are to distribute 100 percent of distributable cash flow based on earnings before depreciation and amortization
less allowance for funds used during construction (AFUDC) and maintenance capital expenditures. This defined formula is subject to management committee approval and can be modified to ensure minimum
cash balances, equity balances and ratios are maintained. 

 Tuscarora's
distribution policy is to distribute 100 percent of distributable cash flow based on earnings before depreciation and amortization less debt repayment,
AFUDC and maintenance capital expenditures. This defined formula is subject to management committee approval and can be modified to ensure minimum cash balances, equity balances and ratios
are maintained. 

 Northern
Border's distribution policy is to distribute 100 percent of the distributable cash flow based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization less interest expense and maintenance capital expenditures. Northern Border adopted certain changes related to equity contributions that defined minimum equity to total capitalization
ratios to be used by the Northern Border management committee to determine the amount of required equity contributions, timing of the required contributions and for any shortfall due to the inability
to refinance maturing debt to be funded by equity contributions. 

 Great
Lakes' distribution policy is to distribute 100 percent of distributable cash flow based on earnings before income taxes, depreciation, AFUDC less capital
expenditures and debt repayments not funded with cash calls to its partners. This defined formula is subject to management committee approval and can be modified to ensure minimum cash balances,
equity balances and ratios are maintained. 

42 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

Cash from Our Pipeline Systems 

 GTN declared its fourth quarter 2014 distribution of 31 million on January 8, 2015, of which the Partnership received its 70 percent share or
 21 million. The distribution was paid on February 2, 2015. 

 Northern
Border declared its fourth quarter 2014 distribution of 43 million on January 12, 2015, of which the Partnership received its 50 percent share
or 21 million. The distribution was paid on February 2, 2015. 

 Great
Lakes declared its fourth quarter 2014 distribution of 17 million on January 8, 2015, of which the Partnership received its 46.45 percent share
or 8 million. The distribution was paid on February 2, 2015. 

Investing Activities for our Pipeline Systems 

 The Partnership's share in capital spending for maintenance of existing facilities and growth projects was as follows: 

Year Ended December 31 

(millions of dollars) 

2014 
 
 2013 (a) 
 
 2012 (a) 

Maintenance 

18 
 
 22 
 
 30 

Growth 

4 
 
 3 
 
 7 

22 
 
 25 
 
 37 

(a) Recast
as discussed in Note 2 and Note 6 of the Partnership's consolidated financial statements included in Item 15. "Exhibit and
Financial Statement Schedules" of this report. 

 Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2013 

 Maintenance capital spending decreased 4 million to 18 million in 2014 compared to 2013. This decrease was primarily due to a 2013 major compression equipment
overhaul on GTN's pipeline system. 

 Year Ended December 31, 2013 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2012 

 Maintenance capital spending decreased 8 million to 22 million in 2013 compared to 2012. This decrease was primarily due to lower compressor station maintenance
costs on GTN's pipeline system and lower compressor engine overhauls on Northern Border's pipeline system. 

 Growth
capital spending decreased 4 million to 3 million in 2013 compared to 2012. This decrease was primarily due to the lower costs incurred in 2013 as a
result of the completion of the Bison pipeline in 2012. 

 Other Investing Activities 

 In 2015, our pipeline systems expect to invest approximately 42 million in maintenance of existing facilities and approximately 58 million in growth projects,
of which the Partnership's share would be 25 million and 53 million, respectively. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 

 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions with respect to values or conditions which cannot be known with
certainty, that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Such estimates and assumptions
also affect the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Although we believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable, actual results could differ. 

 We
believe our critical accounting estimates discussed in the following paragraphs require us to make the most significant assumptions when preparing our financial
statements and changes in these assumptions could have a 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

43 

material
impact on the financial statements. These critical accounting estimates should be read in conjunction with Note 2 of the Partnership's Financial Statements included elsewhere in
this report. 

 We
account for our investments in Northern Border and Great Lakes using the equity method of accounting. The equity method of accounting is appropriate where the investor
does not control an investee, but rather is able to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of an investee. We are able to exercise significant influence over our
investments in Northern Border and Great Lakes because of our ownership interests and our representation on their management committees. 

 We
account for our investments in GTN, Bison, North Baja and Tuscarora using the consolidation method, as we are able to exercise control over these investments because of
our ownership interests and our representation on their management committees. 

Regulation 

 Our pipeline systems' accounting policies conform to Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 980 Regulated
Operations . As a result, our pipeline systems record assets and liabilities that result from the regulated ratemaking process that may not be recorded under GAAP for
non-regulated entities. Regulatory assets generally represent incurred costs that have been deferred because such costs are probable of future recovery in customer rates. Regulatory liabilities
generally represent obligations to make refunds to customers or for instances where the regulator provides current rates that are intended to recover costs that are expected to be incurred in the
future. Our pipeline systems consider several factors to evaluate their continued application of the provisions of ASC 980 such as potential deregulation of their pipelines; anticipated changes
from cost-based ratemaking to another form of regulation; increasing competition that limits their ability to recover costs; and regulatory actions that limit rate relief to a level insufficient to
recover costs. 

 Certain
assets that result from the ratemaking process are reflected on the balance sheets of our pipeline systems. If it is determined that future recovery of these assets
is no longer probable as a result of discontinuing application of ASC 980 or other regulatory actions, our pipeline systems would be required to write off the regulatory assets at that time. 

 As
of December 31, 2014, Northern Border reflected regulatory assets of 32 million on its balance sheet
(2013 30 million). Northern Border also has regulatory liabilities of 20 million as of December 31, 2014
(2013 17 million). 

 As
of December 31, 2014 and 2013, Great Lakes did not have any regulatory assets and no material regulatory liabilities recorded on its balance sheet. 

The
Partnership had no material regulatory assets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013. As of December 31, 2014, the Partnership had regulatory liabilities of
 24 million mostly relating to GTN (2013 22 million). 

Impairment of Equity Investments, Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets 

 Equity Investments 

 We review our equity method investments when a significant event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have an adverse effect on the fair value of each investment.
When such events or changes occur, we compare the estimated fair value to the carrying value of the related investment. We also perform this evaluation every reporting period for each investment for
which the carrying value has exceeded the fair value in the prior period. We calculate the estimated fair value of an investment in an equity method investee using an income approach and market
approach. The development of fair value estimates requires significant judgment including estimates of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimates of the long-term rate of
growth for the investee, estimates of the useful life over which cash flows will occur, and determination of weighted average cost of capital. The estimates used to calculate the fair value of an
investee can change from year to year based on operating results and market 

44 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

conditions.
Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and our assessment as to whether an investment in an equity method investee has suffered
an impairment. 

 If
the estimated fair value of an investment is less than its carrying value, we are required to determine if the decline in fair value is other than temporary. This
determination considers the aforementioned valuation methodologies, the length of time and the extent to which fair value has been less than carrying value, the financial condition and near-term
prospects of the investee, including any specific events which may influence the operations of the investee, the intent and ability of the holder to retain its investment in the investee for a period
of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value, and other facts and circumstances. If the fair value
of an investment is less than its carrying value and the decline in value is determined to be other than temporary, we record an impairment charge. 

 As
of December 31, 2014, no impairment charge has been recorded related to our equity investments in Northern Border and Great Lakes. However, if our assumptions
change significantly, our requirement to record an impairment charge could change. 

 Our
equity earnings from Great Lakes were substantially higher in 2014 compared to 2013 mainly due to Great Lakes' higher transportation revenues from the colder winter
weather. However, due to the market conditions that continue to impact Great Lakes, we conducted a review of the carrying value of our equity investment in Great Lakes. We determined that the fair
value exceeded the carrying value. Our assumptions related to the estimated fair value of our equity investment in Great Lakes could be negatively impacted by near and long-term conditions including
changes in customer demand at Great Lakes for pipeline capacity and services, weather, North American natural gas production in the major producing basins, natural gas prices and natural gas storage
market conditions. There is a risk that adverse changes in these key assumptions could result in a future impairment of the carrying value of our equity investment in Great Lakes which was
 672 million as of December 31, 2014 and 2013. 

 Goodwill 

 We test goodwill for impairment annually, based on ASC
350 Intangibles Goodwill and Other , or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
lead us to believe it might be impaired. We assess qualitative factors to determine whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired, and if we do not conclude that
it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than the carrying value, we use a two-step process to test for impairment: 

1. First,
we compare the fair value of the reporting unit, including its goodwill, to its book value. If the fair value is less than book value, we consider our goodwill to
be impaired.
 2. Next,
we measure the amount of the impairment by calculating the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill. We do this by deducting the fair value of the tangible and
intangible net assets of the reporting unit from the fair value calculated in the first step. If the goodwill's carrying value exceeds its implied fair value we record an impairment charge. 

We
base these valuations on our projection of future cash flows which involves making estimates and assumptions about: 

discount
rates;
 commodity
and capacity prices;
 market
supply and demand assumptions;
 growth
opportunities;
 output
levels;
 competition
from other companies; and
 regulatory
changes. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

45 

If
our assumptions are not appropriate, or future events indicate that our goodwill is impaired, our net income would be impacted by the amount by which the carrying value
exceeds the fair value of reporting unit, to the extent of the balance of goodwill. 

 At
December 31, 2014 and 2013, we had 130 million of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet related to the North Baja and Tuscarora acquisitions.
No impairment of goodwill existed at December 31, 2014. 

 Long-Lived Assets 

We assess our long-lived assets for impairment based on ASC 360 10-35 Property, Plant, and
Equipment Overall Subsequent Measurement whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying value may not be recoverable. If the total of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group is less than the carrying value of
the assets, an impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the assets. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques including
discounted cash flow models, quoted market values and third-party independent appraisals as considered necessary. 

 Our
management evaluates changes in our business and economic conditions and their implications for recoverability of our long-lived assets' carrying values when assessing
these assets for impairments. The development of fair value estimates requires significant judgement in estimating future cash flows. In order to determine the estimated future cashflows, management
must make certain estimates and assumptions, which include, but are not limited to, demand, competition, contract renewals and other factors. 

Any
changes we make to these estimates and assumptions could materially affect future cashflows, which could result to the recognition of an impairment loss in our statement
of income. 

 As
of December 31, 2014, there were no indicators of impairment for our long-lived assets. 

Contingencies 

 Our pipeline systems' accounting for contingencies covers a variety of business activities, including contingencies for legal and environmental liabilities. Our pipeline
systems accrue for these contingencies when their assessments indicate that it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset will not be recovered and an amount can be reasonably
estimated in accordance with ASC 450 Contingencies . Our pipeline systems base their estimates on currently
available facts and their estimates of the ultimate outcome or resolution. Actual results may differ from our pipeline systems' estimates resulting in an impact, positive or negative, on earnings and
cash flow. 

CONTINGENCIES 

Legal 

 Various legal actions or governmental proceedings involving our pipeline systems that have arisen in the ordinary course of business are pending. Our pipeline systems believe
that the resolution of these issues will not have a material adverse impact on their results of operations or financial position. Please read Item 3. "Legal Proceedings" for additional
information. 

Environmental 

We believe that our pipeline systems are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Please read Item 1.
"Business Government Regulation" for additional information. 

46 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

Greenhouse Gas Regulation 

 The outlook of new or proposed federal and state legislation and regulations to reduce GHG emissions is not yet certain. Nevertheless, we expect that some of our pipeline
systems or assets could be affected either directly or indirectly by federal, state or local GHG emission legislation or regulations. Due to the speculative outlook regarding the details of future GHG
restrictions and compliance mechanisms, we cannot estimate the potential effect of new or proposed GHG legislation or regulations on our operations, financial condition or consolidated results of
operations. It is reasonably likely, however, that such legislation or regulations could materially increase our operating costs, including our cost of environmental compliance by requiring us to
install additional equipment and potentially purchase emission allowances or offset credits. The regulation or restriction of GHG emissions could also result in changes to the consumption and demand
for natural gas. This could have either positive or adverse effects on our pipeline systems, our financial position, results of operations and future prospects. 

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

 Great Lakes earns transportation revenues from TransCanada and its affiliates under contracts, which are provided at both discounted and maximum recourse rates. The contracts
are on the same terms as would be available to other shippers. 

 Please
read Item 13. "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence" and Item 15. "Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules"
Note 16 "RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS" for more information regarding related party transactions. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk 

OVERVIEW 

 The Partnership and our pipeline systems are exposed to market risk, counterparty credit risk and liquidity risk. Our exposure to market risk discussed below includes
forward-looking statements and is not necessarily indicative of actual results, which may not represent the maximum possible gains and losses that may occur, since actual gains and losses will differ
from those estimated, based on actual market conditions. 

 Our
primary risk management objective is to mitigate the impact of these risks on earnings and cash flow, and ultimately, unitholder value. We do not use financial
instruments for trading purposes. 

 We
record derivative financial instruments on the balance sheet as assets and liabilities at fair value. We estimate the fair value of derivative financial instruments using
available market information and appropriate valuation techniques. Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognized in earnings unless the instrument qualifies as a hedge
and meets specific hedge accounting criteria. Qualifying derivative financial instruments' gains and losses may offset the hedged items' related results in earnings for a fair value hedge or be
deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income for a cash flow hedge. 

MARKET RISK 

 From time to time, and in order to finance our business and that of our pipeline systems, the Partnership and our pipeline systems issue debt to invest in growth opportunities
and provide for ongoing operations. The issuance of debt exposes the Partnership and our pipeline systems to market risk from changes in interest rates which affect earnings and the value of the
financial instruments we hold. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

47 

Market
risk is the risk that changes in market interest rates may result in fluctuations in the fair values or cash flows of financial instruments. We regularly assess the
impact of interest rate fluctuations on future cash flows and evaluate hedging opportunities to mitigate our interest rate risk. 

As
of December 31, 2014, the Partnership's interest rate exposure results from our Senior Credit Facility, Term Loan Facility and Short-Term Loan Facility under which
 850 million (2013 730 million), or 50 percent (2013 46 percent) of our outstanding debt
was subject to variability in LIBOR interest rates. As of December 31, 2014, the variable interest rate exposure related to 150 million of the 500 million Term Loan Facility was
hedged by fixed interest rate swap arrangements. If interest rates hypothetically increased (decreased) by one percent, 100 basis points, compared with rates in effect at December 31,
2014, our annual interest expense would increase (decrease) and net income would decrease (increase) by approximately 9 million. 

 As
of December 31, 2014, 61 million, or 15 percent of Northern Border's outstanding debt was at floating rates
(2013 62 million or 15 percent). If interest rates hypothetically increased (decreased) by one percent, 100 basis points, compared with
rates in effect at December 31, 2014, Northern Border's annual interest expense would increase (decrease) and its net income would decrease (increase) by approximately 1 million. 

 GTN,
Great Lakes and Tuscarora utilize fixed-rate debt; therefore, they are not exposed to market risk due to floating interest rates. Interest rate risk does not apply to
Bison and North Baja, as they currently do not have any debt. 

 The
Partnership and our pipeline systems use derivatives as part of our overall risk management policy to assist in managing exposures to market risk resulting from these
activities within established policies and procedures. Derivative contracts used to manage market risk generally consist of the following: 

Swaps contractual
agreements between two parties to exchange streams of payments over time according to specified terms.
 Options contractual
agreements to convey the right, but not the obligation, for the purchaser to buy or sell a specific amount of a
financial instrument at a fixed price, either at a fixed date or at any time within a specified period. 

 The
Partnership and our pipeline systems enter into interest rate swaps and option agreements to mitigate the impact of changes in interest rates. 

 The
Partnership hedged interest payments on 150 million of variable-rate Term Loan Facility with interest rate swaps effective September 3, 2013 and maturing
July 1, 2018, at a weighted average fixed interest rate of 2.79 percent. At December 31, 2014, the fair value of the interest rate swaps accounted for as cash flow hedges was a
liability of 1 million (both on a gross and net basis) (December 31, 2013 less the 1 million;
2012 nil). In 2014, the Partnership did not record any amounts in net income related to ineffectiveness for interest rate hedges. The change in fair value of
interest rate derivative instruments recognized in other comprehensive income was a loss of 1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. In 2014, the net realized loss related to the
interest rate swaps was 2 million and was included in financial charges and other (2013 1 million;
2012 nil). 

 The
Partnership has no master netting agreements, however, contracts contain provisions with rights of offset. The Partnership has elected to present the fair value of
derivative instruments with the right to offset on a gross basis in the balance sheet. Had the Partnership elected to present these instruments on a net basis, there would be no effect on the
consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2014 and 2013. 

 The
Partnership is influenced by the same factors that influence our pipeline systems. None of our pipeline systems own any of the natural gas they transport; therefore,
they do not assume any of the related natural gas commodity price risk with respect to transported natural gas volumes. 

48 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK AND LIQUIDITY RISK 

 Counterparty credit risk represents the financial loss that the Partnership and our pipeline systems would experience if a counterparty to a financial instrument failed to meet
its obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of the financial instruments with the Partnership or its pipeline systems. The Partnership and our pipeline systems have significant credit
exposure to financial institutions as they provide committed credit lines and critical liquidity in the interest rate derivative market, as well as letters of credit to mitigate exposures to
non-creditworthy customers. The Partnership closely monitors the creditworthiness of our counterparties, including financial institutions. However, we cannot predict to what extent our business would
be impacted by uncertainty in energy commodity prices, including possible declines in our customers' credit worthiness. 

 Our
maximum counterparty credit exposure with respect to financial instruments at the balance sheet date consists primarily of the carrying amount, which approximates fair
value, of non-derivative financial assets, such as accounts receivable, as well as the fair value of derivative financial assets. We review our accounts receivable regularly and record allowances for
doubtful accounts using the specific identification method. At December 31, 2014, we had not incurred any significant credit losses and had no significant amounts past due or impaired. At
December 31, 2014, the Partnership's maximum counterparty credit exposure consisted of accounts receivable of 35 million and two of our customers, Anadarko Energy Services Company, and
Pacific Gas and Electric Company, each owed us approximately 4 million, which represented greater than 10 percent of our accounts receivable. 

 Liquidity
risk is the risk that the Partnership and our pipeline systems will not be able to meet our financial obligations as they become due. Our approach to managing
liquidity risk is to ensure that we always have sufficient cash and credit facilities to meet our obligations when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses
or damage to our reputation. At December 31, 2014, the Partnership had a Senior
Credit Facility of 500 million maturing in 2017 and the outstanding balance on this facility was 330 million. In addition, at December 31, 2014, Northern Border had a committed
revolving bank line of 200 million maturing in 2016 and 61 million was drawn. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 The financial statements required by this item are included in Part IV, Item 15 of this report on page F-1. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 

 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 As required by Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, the management of our General Partner, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
evaluated as of the end of the period covered by this report the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of
disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. The Partnership's disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Based upon and as of the date of the evaluation, the management of our General Partner, including the principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, concluded that the Partnership's disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the year covered by this annual report were effective to provide
reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Partnership in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the "Exchange Act"), is (a) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and (b) accumulated and 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

49 

communicated
to the management of our General Partner, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 Effective January 1, 2014, our General Partner successfully implemented an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system. As a result of the ERP system, certain processes
supporting our General Partner's internal control over financial reporting changed in 2014. During the quarter ended December 31, 2014, there was no change in the Partnership's internal control
over financial reporting that has materially impacted or is reasonably likely to materially impact our internal control over financial reporting. 

MANAGEMENT'S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations and can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to
the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

 Based
on our assessment according to the above framework, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31,
2014 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. There were no material
weaknesses. 

 Our
independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP (KPMG), independently assessed the effectiveness of the Partnership's internal control over
financial reporting. KPMG has issued an attestation report concurring with management's assessment, which is included on page F-2 of the financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

 None. 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance 

 The Partnership is a limited partnership and as such has no officers, directors or employees. Set forth below is certain information concerning the directors and officers of
the General Partner who manage the operations of the Partnership. Each director holds office for a one-year term or until his or her successor is earlier appointed. All officers of the General Partner
serve at the discretion of the board of directors of the General Partner which is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of TransCanada. 

50 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position with General Partner 

Karl Johannson 
 
 54 
 
 Chair and Director 

Steven D. Becker 
 
 64 
 
 President, Principal Executive Officer and Director 

Jack F. Stark 
 
 64 
 
 Independent Director 

Malyn K. Malquist 
 
 62 
 
 Independent Director 

Walentin (Val) Mirosh 
 
 69 
 
 Independent Director 

M. Catherine Davis 
 
 50 
 
 Director 

Joel E. Hunter 
 
 48 
 
 Director 

Stuart P. Kampel 
 
 46 
 
 Vice-President and General Manager 

Nathaniel A. Brown 
 
 38 
 
 Controller, Principal Financial Officer 

Terry C. Ofremchuk 
 
 64 
 
 Vice-President, Taxation 

Jon A. Dobson 
 
 48 
 
 Secretary 

William C. Morris 
 
 52 
 
 Treasurer 

Mr. Johannson was appointed a director and Chair of the Board of Directors of the General Partner in March 2013.
Mr. Johannson's principal occupation is Executive Vice-President and President, Natural Gas Pipelines for TransCanada. He is accountable for TransCanada's natural gas pipelines and regulated
natural gas storage business in Canada, the U.S. and Mexico. Prior to November 2012, Mr. Johannson was Senior Vice-President, Canadian and Eastern U.S. Pipelines, a
position he has held since January 2011. From January 2006 to December 2010, he held the position of Senior Vice-President, Canadian Power, where he was responsible for all
activities relating to the day-to-day commercial management of TransCanada's Canadian power business. Mr. Johannson has extensive senior management experience in the pipelines and energy
industries as a result of his service as an executive of TransCanada and its affiliates. His experience in his prior roles at TransCanada provides him with intimate knowledge of the Partnership,
including its strategies, operations and markets. Mr. Johannson's industry knowledge, management experience and leadership skills are highly valuable in assessing our business strategies and
accompanying risks. 

 Mr. Becker
was appointed President and principal executive officer of the General Partner in August 2010. Mr. Becker also serves as a director of the
General Partner, a position he has held since January 2007. Mr. Becker's principal occupation is Vice-President, Business Development, Pipelines Division of TransCanada, a position he
has held since August 2010. Mr. Becker was Vice-President, Pipeline Development for TransCanada from June 2006 to August 2010. From April 2003 to June 2006,
he was Vice-President, Gas Development of TransCanada. As the President of the General Partner and Vice-President, Business Development, Pipelines Division for TransCanada, Mr. Becker has
intimate knowledge of the Partnership's pipeline operations, as well as a unique understanding of market factors and operational challenges and opportunities. Mr. Becker brings extensive
project development and operational experience to the Board and his extensive experience in the natural gas industry enhances the knowledge of the Board in these areas of the industry. From his prior
roles in finance, natural gas marketing, strategy and business development at TransCanada, Mr. Becker's breadth of executive experiences are applicable to many of the matters routinely facing
the Partnership, which assists the Board in creating and executing the Partnership's strategy. 

 Mr. Stark
was appointed a director of the General Partner in July 1999. Mr. Stark's principal occupation is Chief Financial Officer of Imergy Power
Systems, formerly Deeya Energy, an energy storage systems company. Mr. Stark was Chief Financial Officer of BrightSource Energy Inc., a provider of technology for use in large-scale
solar thermal power plans from May 2007 to November 2013. Mr. Stark was Chief Financial Officer of Silicon Valley Bancshares (offering financial products and services, including
commercial, investment, merchant, private banking and private equity services) from April 2004 to May 2007. Through his current and prior roles as chief financial officer of numerous
companies, Mr. Stark brings valuable financial expertise and management experience, including extensive knowledge regarding financial operations, investor relations, energy risk management,
regulatory affairs and knowledge of the natural gas industry. Mr. Stark's prior service on the audit committee of the board of directors of another company further enhances his qualifications
to serve as a member of our Board and our Audit Committee. His valuable management and financial 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

51 

expertise
includes an understanding of the accounting and financial matters that the Partnership and industry address on a regular basis. 

 Mr. Malquist
was appointed a director of the General Partner in April 2011. Mr. Malquist is an executive with more than 30 years of experience
serving in a variety of business, operations and financial roles. Mr. Malquist currently serves on the Board of Directors of Headwaters Incorporated, an NYSE-listed company that provides
products, technologies and services in the light building products, heavy construction materials and energy
industries. From May 2006 to March 2009, Mr. Malquist served as Executive Vice-President of Avista Corporation (Avista), (energy production, transmission and distribution
company). He also served as Chief Financial Officer of Avista from November 2002 to September 2008, Treasurer from February 2004 to January 2006 and Senior Vice-President
from September 2002 to May 2006. Prior to his employment at Avista, Mr. Malquist held various positions at Sierra Pacific Resources, (electricity provider), including President,
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer from January 1998 to April 2000 and various Senior Vice-President positions from 1994 to 1998. Through his extensive prior management
experience, including serving as chief financial officer and chief executive officer of various energy companies, Mr. Malquist brings extensive knowledge regarding financial operations, energy
risk management and knowledge of the energy industry to the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee. His valuable management and financial expertise includes an understanding of the accounting and
financial matters that the Partnership and industry address on a regular basis. In addition, Mr. Malquist's experience in the energy industry is beneficial to the service he provides to the
Board of Directors. 

 Mr. Mirosh
was appointed a director of the General Partner in September 2004. Mr. Mirosh's principal occupation is President of Mircan
Resources Ltd., (private consulting company), a position he has held since 2009. From April 2008 to December 2009, he was Vice-President and Special Advisor to the President and
Chief Operating Officer of NOVA Chemicals Corporation (a commodity chemicals and plastics company). From July 2003 to April 2008, Mr. Mirosh was President of Olefins and
Feedstocks, a division of NOVA Chemicals Corporation. Mr. Mirosh is also a director of Superior Plus Income Fund (energy services, specialty chemicals and construction products distribution)
and Murphy Oil Corporation (an international oil and gas company). Mr. Mirosh's extensive experience in the natural gas transmission sector enhances the knowledge of the Board in this
area of the industry. As a current and former executive and director of various companies, his breadth of experience is applicable to many of the matters routinely facing the Partnership. Moreover,
Mr. Mirosh's experience and industry knowledge, complemented by an engineering and legal educational background, enable Mr. Mirosh to provide the Board of Directors and Audit Committee
with executive counsel on a full range of business, financial, technical and professional matters. 

 Ms. Davis
was appointed a director of the General Partner in April 2014. Ms. Davis' principal occupation is Vice-President, Law, Canadian Pipelines, and
Corporate Services Division for TransCanada. Ms. Davis is responsible for the regulatory, commercial, Aboriginal, land, safety, and environment law services provided to TransCanada's existing
and proposed oil pipelines both in Canada and the U.S., and to its existing and proposed Canadian natural gas pipelines. From February 2007 to November 2012, Ms. Davis was Chief
Compliance Officer and Associate General Counsel, and later Vice President, U.S. Pipelines Law for TransCanada's U.S. natural gas pipelines and storage companies. Prior to joining
TransCanada in February 2007, Ms. Davis held various legal positions at Great Lakes Gas Transmission Company, most recently as Associate General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer.
Prior to 1992, she worked in the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's Office of Administrative Law Judges, as a law clerk. 

 Mr. Hunter
was appointed a director of the General Partner in April 2014. Mr. Hunter's principal occupation is the Vice-President, Finance, for TransCanada, in
which position he is responsible for the execution of capital market transactions as well as corporate planning and stock and debt administration. Since joining TransCanada in 1997, Mr. Hunter
has held a number of positions of increasing responsibility, including Director of Corporate Finance from January 2008 to July 2010. 

 Mr. Kampel
was appointed Vice-President and General Manager for the General Partner in July 2011. This is Mr. Kampel's principal occupation. Previously,
he was Vice-President, Business Development for the General Partner. Mr. Kampel is also Director, Pipeline Development at TransCanada, a position he has held since December 2003. As 

52 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

Director,
Pipeline Development he is responsible for identifying and pursuing natural gas pipeline and other related energy investment opportunities in the United States. Previously, his
responsibilities included pursuing investment opportunities in Mexico. 

 Mr. Brown
was appointed the Controller and Principal Financial Officer of the General Partner in May 2014. His principal occupation is Controller of
U.S. Pipelines for TransCanada. As Controller, Mr. Brown is responsible for accounting, financial reporting, planning and budgeting. Previously, Mr. Brown was Manager of
U.S. Pipelines West from November 2009 through May 2014. In this role, he also provides regulatory accounting support for rate filings, settlement negotiations, and other
regulatory proceedings. Prior to joining TransCanada, Mr. Brown spent eight years in public accounting, most recently as an audit manager for Grant Thornton LLP and
Ernst Young. 

 Mr. Ofremchuk
was appointed Vice-President, Taxation of the General Partner in July 2007. Mr. Ofremchuk's principal occupation is Director, Taxation of
TransCanada, a position he has held since December 2011. Prior to this position Mr. Ofremchuk was a Manager, Corporate Taxation of TransCanada, a position he held since
October 1997. 

 Mr. Dobson
was appointed Secretary of the General Partner in May 2014, prior to which he served as Assistant Secretary of the General Partner since
April 2012. Mr. Dobson's principal occupation is Associate General Counsel, Corporate and Securities Law and Corporate Secretary for TransCanada's U.S. subsidiaries. Prior to
joining TransCanada in January 2011, Mr. Dobson spent 18 years practicing law in various corporate and law firm positions, including Vice President and Assistant General Counsel
of Nash Finch Company; Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of BMC Industries, Inc.; and associate attorney at Lindquist Vennum, PLLP. 

Mr. Morris
was appointed Treasurer of the General Partner in December 2012. Mr. Morris' principal occupation is Director, Corporate Finance of
TransCanada, a position he has held since November 2012. From 2001 to 2012, Mr. Morris was Director of Risk Management for TransCanada and Manager, Risk Management for TransCanada for
the previous five years. 

GOVERNANCE MATTERS 

 We are a limited partnership and a 'controlled company' as that term is used in NYSE Rule 303A.00, because all of our voting shares are owned by the General Partner. As
such, the NYSE listing standards do not require that we or the
General Partner have a majority of independent directors or a nominating or compensation committee of the General Partner's board of directors. 

 The
NYSE listing standards require our principal executive officer to annually certify that he is not aware of any violation by the Partnership of the NYSE corporate
governance listing standards. This certification was provided to the NYSE on March 31, 2014. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT 

 The board of directors of the General Partner has determined that Malyn Malquist and Jack Stark are "audit committee financial experts," are "independent" and are "financially
sophisticated" as defined under applicable SEC rules and NYSE Corporate Governance Standards. The board's affirmative determination for both Malyn Malquist and Jack Stark was based on their respective
education and extensive experience as chief financial officers for corporations that presented a breadth and level of complexity of accounting issues that are generally comparable to those of the
Partnership. 

CODE OF ETHICS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES 

 The Partnership believes that director, management and employee honesty and integrity are important factors in ensuring good corporate governance. The directors, officers,
employees and contractors of the General Partner are 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

53 

subject
to TransCanada's Code of Business Ethics (COBE), which also has been adopted for the Partnership by our General Partner. Our COBE is published on our website at www.tcpipelineslp.com. If any
substantive amendments are made to the COBE for senior officers or if any waivers are granted, the amendment or waiver will be published on the Partnership's website or filed in a report on
Form 8-K. 

 We
also have a statement of Corporate Governance Guidelines that sets forth the expectation of how our Board of Directors should function and its position with respect to
key corporate governance issues. A copy of the Corporate Governance Guidelines is available on our website at www.tcpipelineslp.com. If any amendments are made to the Corporate Governance Guidelines,
the amendment will be published on the Partnership's website or filed in a report on Form 8-K. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE 

 The General Partner of the Partnership has a separately designated audit committee consisting of three independent Board members. The members of the committee are Malyn
Malquist, as Chair, Jack Stark and Walentin (Val) Mirosh. All members of the Audit Committee meet the criteria for independence as set forth under the rules of the SEC and those of the NYSE. None of
the Audit Committee members have participated in the preparation of the financial statements of the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries at any time during the past three years. In addition, all
members of the Audit Committee are able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company's balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

The
Audit Committee has adopted a charter which specifically provides that it is responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the independent
public accountants engaged in preparing and issuing the Partnership's audit report, that the committee has the authority to engage independent counsel and other advisors as it determines necessary to
carry out its duties and for the committee to be responsible for establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or
auditing matters, including procedures for the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of the General Partner of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. The committee
has adopted TransCanada's Ethics Help-Line in fulfillment of its responsibility to establish a confidential and anonymous whistle blowing process. The toll free Ethics Help-Line number and the audit
committee's charter are published on the Partnership's website at www.tcpipelineslp.com. 

EXECUTIVE SESSIONS OF NON-MANAGEMENT DIRECTORS 

 The independent directors of the General Partner meet at regularly scheduled executive sessions without management. Jack Stark serves as the presiding director at those
executive sessions. Persons wishing to communicate with the General Partner's independent directors may do so by writing in care of Secretary, Board of Directors,
TC PipeLines, GP, Inc., 700 Louisiana Street, Suite 700, Houston, TX 77002, or via fax at 1.508.871.7047. 

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE 

 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, as amended, requires the General Partner's directors and executive officers, and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of
the common units, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC and to furnish us with copies of all such reports. Based solely upon a review of the copies of the reports received
by us, we believe that all such filing requirements were satisfied during 2014. 

54 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

 We are a master limited partnership and are managed by the executive officers of our General Partner. We do not directly employ any of the individuals responsible for managing
or operating our business. The executive officers of our General Partner are compensated directly by TransCanada. 

 The
compensation policies and philosophy of TransCanada govern the types and amount of compensation granted to each of the named executive officers. Since these policies and
philosophy are those of TransCanada, we refer you to a discussion of those items as set forth in the Executive Compensation section of the TransCanada "Management Information Circular" on the
TransCanada website at www.tcpipelineslp.com. The TransCanada "Management Information Circular" is prepared by TransCanada pursuant to applicable Canadian securities regulations and is not
incorporated into this document by reference or deemed furnished or filed by us under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; rather the reference is to provide our investors with an
understanding of the compensation policies and philosophy of the ultimate parent of our General Partner. 

 The
Board of Directors of our General Partner does not have a separate compensation committee, nor does it make any determination with respect to the amount of compensation
to be paid to our executive officers. The Board of our General Partner does have responsibility for evaluating and determining the reasonableness of the total amount we are charged for managerial,
administrative and operational support provided by TransCanada and its affiliates, including our General Partner. The Board specifically approves the allocation of the salary of the President and
Principal Executive Officer, the Controller and Principal Financial Officer and the Vice-President and General Manager to the Partnership on an annual basis. Please read Item 13. "Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence" for more information regarding this arrangement. 

 In
addition to base salary, we also reimburse our General Partner for certain benefit and incentive compensation expenses related to the officers of our General Partner and
employees of TransCanada who perform services on our behalf. The base salaries that are allocable to us vary for each officer or employee performing services on our behalf and are based on the amount
of time an employee devotes to matters related to our business as
compared to the amount of time such employee devotes to matters related to the business of TransCanada and its other affiliates. We are allocated and reimburse the General Partner for each
officer's salary expense. Other benefit and incentive compensation expenses related to our officers are reimbursed to the General Partner based upon an agreed upon calculation. 

 The
following table summarizes the salary allocated to, and paid by, us in 2014, 2013 and 2012 for our President and Principal Executive Officer, Controller and Principal
Financial Officer and other executive officers of our General Partner for whom salaries and benefits of more than 100,000 were allocated to us. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Compensation Allocated to the Partnership 

Name and Principal Position 

Year 

Base 
Salary 

Benefits (a)(b) 

Incentive 
Compensation (a)(c) 

Approximate 
Percentage of 
Time Devoted to 
the Partnership 

Total 
Compensation 

Steven D. Becker 

2014 

64,091 

18,586 

35,250 

30 

117,927 

President and Principal 
 
 2013 
 
 70,250 
 
 20,373 
 
 38,638 
 
 30 
 
 129,261 

Executive Officer 
 
 2012 
 
 72,493 
 
 18,848 
 
 37,697 
 
 30 
 
 129,038 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

55 

Nathan A. Brown (d) 

2014 

45,514 

20,936 

25,033 

35 

91,483 

Controller and Principal 
 
 2013 

Financial Officer 
 
 2012 

Sandra P. Ryan-Robinson 

2014 

20,067 

5,820 

11,037 

35 

36,924 

Controller and Principal 
 
 2013 
 
 65,148 
 
 18,893 
 
 35,831 
 
 35 
 
 119,872 

Financial Officer 
 
 2012 
 
 62,734 
 
 16,311 
 
 32,622 
 
 35 
 
 111,667 

Stuart P. Kampel 

2014 

101,515 

29,439 

55,834 

50 

186,788 

Vice-President and General 
 
 2013 
 
 116,246 
 
 33,711 
 
 63,935 
 
 50 
 
 213,892 

Manager 
 
 2012 
 
 168,101 
 
 43,706 
 
 87,412 
 
 80 
 
 299,219 

Terry C. Ofremchuk 

2014 

83,644 

24,257 

46,004 

45 

153,905 

Vice-President, Taxation 
 
 2013 
 
 89,420 
 
 25,932 
 
 49,181 
 
 45 
 
 164,533 

2012 
 
 89,632 
 
 23,204 
 
 46,609 
 
 45 
 
 159,445 

William C. Morris (e) 

2014 

90,765 

26,322 

49,921 

45 

167,008 

Treasurer 
 
 2013 
 
 97,992 
 
 28,418 
 
 53,896 
 
 45 
 
 180,306 

2012 
 
 7,396 
 
 1,923 
 
 3,846 
 
 45 
 
 13,165 

(a) We
reimburse our General Partner for benefit and incentive compensation expenses based on a set formula. These expenses include employment-related
expenses, including TransCanada's restricted stock unit and stock option awards, retirement plans, health and welfare plans, employer-related payroll taxes, matching contributions made under
TransCanada's employee savings plan, and premiums for health and life insurance.
 (b) The
benefit reimbursement is determined monthly and calculated based on total monthly base salary allocated to us multiplied by a factor of 0.29 for
benefits in 2014 (2013 factor of 0.29; 2012 factor of 0.26).
 (c) The
incentive compensation reimbursement is determined monthly and calculated based on total monthly salary allocated to us multiplied by a factor of
0.55 for incentive compensation in 2014 (2013 factor of 0.55; 2012 factor of 0.52).
 (d) Appointed
as Principal Financial Officer and Controller in May 2014 replacing Ms. Ryan-Robinson. 2014 figures for Mr. Brown relates to
the period from May 2014 to December 2014.
 (e) Appointed
as Treasurer in December 2012. 2012 figures for Mr. Morris relate to December 2012. 

Compensation Committee Report 

 Neither we, nor our General Partner, have a compensation committee. The board of directors of our General Partner has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and
Analysis set forth above and based on this review and discussion has approved it for inclusion in this Form 10-K. 

The
board of directors of TC PipeLines GP, Inc: 
 Steven D. Becker 
 M. Catharine Davis 
 Joel E. Hunter 
 Karl R. Johannson 
 Malyn K. Malquist 
 Walentin (Val) Mirosh 
 Jack F. Stark 

56 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

Independent Director Compensation (a) 

For the year ended December 31, 2014 

(in dollars) 

Earned or 
Paid in Cash (b) 

Unit 
Awards (c) 

All Other 
Compensation (d) 

Total 

Malyn K. Malquist 
 
 75,000 
 
 85,000 
 
 15,143 
 
 175,143 

Jack F. Stark (e) 
 
 100,000 
 
 55,000 
 
 41,151 
 
 196,151 

Walentin (Val) Mirosh 
 
 90,000 
 
 55,000 
 
 23,914 
 
 168,914 

(a) Employee
directors do not receive any additional compensation for serving on the board of directors of our General Partner; therefore, no amounts are shown
for Karl R. Johannson, Steven D. Becker, M. Catharine Davis and Joel E. Hunter. Amounts paid as reimbursable business expenses to each director for attending board functions are not reflected in this
table. Our General Partner does not consider the directors' reimbursable business expenses for attending board functions and other business expenses required to perform board duties to have a personal
benefit and thus be considered a perquisite.
 (b) Pursuant
to the Deferred Share Unit Plan for Non-Employee Directors (DSU Plan), Malyn K. Malquist elected to receive 50 percent of his Board
and committee attendance fees and committee chair retainer fees 30,000) in DSUs. Due to this election, 490 DSUs were credited to Mr. Malquist's account in 2014, all of which were
outstanding at December 31, 2014. Mr. Stark and Mr. Mirosh elected to receive their fees in cash.
 (c) Amounts
presented reflect the compensation expense recognized related to the DSUs granted during 2014 under the DSU Plan. All of the DSUs granted to
Mr. Malquist, Mr. Stark and Mr. Mirosh were outstanding at December 31, 2014.
 At
December 31, 2014, Malyn K. Malquist, Jack F. Stark and Walentin (Val) Mirosh held 5,618, 13,461 and 8,052 DSUs,
respectively. The fair value of DSUs held by Mr. Malquist, Mr. Stark and Mr. Mirosh at December 31, 2014 was 400,114, 958,692 and 573,463, respectively.
 (d) Amounts
presented reflect DSUs credited to each independent director's account equal to the distributions payable on the DSUs previously granted or
credited. In this regard, Malyn K. Malquist was credited 271 DSUs, Jack F. Stark was credited 745 DSUs and Walentin (Val) Mirosh was credited 432 DSUs. All DSUs credited during
2014 were outstanding at December 31, 2014.
 (e) Lead
Independent Director and Chair of the Conflicts Committee. 

 Cash Compensation 

 In 2014, each director who was not an employee of TransCanada, the General Partner or its affiliates (independent director) was entitled to a directors' retainer fee of
 100,000 per annum, of which 55,000 was automatically granted in DSUs (see DSUs section below). The independent director appointed as Lead Independent Director and chair of the Conflicts
Committee and the independent director appointed as chair of the Audit Committee were each entitled to an additional fee of 10,000 and 15,000 per annum, respectively. Each independent director was
also paid a fee of 1,500 for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors and a fee of 1,500 for attendance at each meeting of a committee of the board. The independent directors are
reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in the course of attending such meetings. All fees are paid by the Partnership on a quarterly basis. The independent directors are permitted to elect to
receive any portion of their fees in the form of DSUs pursuant to the DSU Plan. On October 23, 2014, the board approved an increase in the independent directors' 2015 annual retainer fee of
 10,000
per annum, of which 5,000 will be granted in DSUs. As a result, commencing January 1, 2015, the retainer fee will be 110,000 per annum, of which 60,000 will automatically be granted
in DSUs. 

 Deferred Share Units 

 The DSU Plan was established in 2007 with the first grant occurring in January 2008. In 2014, as part of the retainer fee, each independent director received an
automatic grant of DSUs with a value of 55,000, which was paid quarterly. Commencing January 1, 2015, the retainer fee will be 110,000 per annum, of which 60,000 will be automatically be
granted in DSUs. 

 At
the time of grant, the value of a DSU is equal to the market value of a common unit at the time the independent director is credited with the units. The value of a DSU
when redeemed is equivalent to the market value of a common unit at the time the redemption takes place. DSUs cannot be redeemed until the director ceases to be a member of the 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

57 

Board.
Directors may redeem DSUs for cash or common units at their option. DSUs redeemed for common units would be purchased by the Partnership in the open market. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
Related Stockholder Matters 

 The following table sets forth information as of February 24, 2015 regarding the (i) beneficial ownership of our common units and shares of TransCanada by the General
Partner's directors, the named executive officers and directors and executive officers as a group and (ii) beneficial ownership of our common units by all persons known by the General Partner
to own beneficially at least five percent of our common units. 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

TC PipeLines, LP 

TransCanada Corporation 

Name and Business Address 

Number of 
Units (a) 

Per cent 
of Class (b) 

Common 
Shares 

Per cent 
of class 

TransCan Northern Ltd (c) 
450-1 st Street SW 
Calgary, Alberta T2P 5H1 
 
 11,287,725 
 
 17.8 

TC Pipelines GP, Inc. (d) 
450-1 st Street SW 
Calgary, Alberta T2P 5H1 
 
 5,797,106 
 
 9.1 

OppenheimerFunds, Inc. (e) 
Two World Financial Center 
225 Liberty Street 
New York, NY 10281 
 
 9,578,619 
 
 15.1 

Malyn K. Malquist (f) 
 
 6,686 

Jack F. Stark (g) 
 
 14,550 

Walentin (Val) Mirosh (h) 
 
 8,150 

995 

Karl R. Johannson (i) 

256,258 

Steven D. Becker (j) 

88,530 

M. Catharine Davis (k) 

15,364 

Joel E. Hunter (l) 

35,348 

Nathaniel A. Brown 

Sandra Ryan-Robinson (m) 

65 

Stuart P. Kampel (n) 

3,269 

Terry C. Ofremchuk (o) 

8,774 

William C. Morris (p) 

15,618 

Directors and Executive officers as a Group (q) (12 people) 
 
 29,386 

422,529 

(a) A
total of 63,561,546 common units are issued and outstanding. For certain beneficial owners, the number of common units includes DSUs, which are a
bookkeeping entry, equivalent to the value of a Partnership common unit, and do not entitle the holder to voting or other unitholder rights, other than the accrual of additional DSUs for the value of
distributions. A director cannot redeem DSUs until the director ceases to be a member of the Board. Directors can then redeem their units for cash or common units. 

58 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

(b) Any
DSUs shall be deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of outstanding common units owned by such person, but shall not be
deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of common units by any other person.
 (c) TransCan
Northern Ltd. is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of TransCanada.
 (d) TC PipeLines GP, Inc.
is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of TransCanada and also owns an effective two percent general partner
interest of the Partnership.
 (e) Based
on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 9, 2015 by OppenheimerFunds, Inc. In this Schedule 13G/A,
OppenheimerFunds, Inc. disclaims beneficial ownership, and has shared power to vote and dispose of the 9,578,619 common units.
 (f) Includes
5,686 DSUs and 1,000 common units.
 (g) Includes
13,625 DSUs and 925 common units held by the Stark Family Trust dated June 16, 1995.
 (h) Includes
8,150 DSUs.
 (i) Includes
230,884 options exercisable within 60 days for TransCanada common shares and 25,374 TransCanada common shares held in his
Employee Share Savings Plan account.
 (j) Includes
61,635 options exercisable within 60 days for TransCanada common shares, 19,408 TransCanada common shares held directly,
5,487 TransCanada common shares held in his Employee Share Savings Plan accounts and 2,000 TransCanada Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares, Series 7 held by
Mr. Becker's spouse.
 (k) Includes
14,955 options exercisable within 60 days for TransCanada common shares and 409 TransCanada common shares held in her
TransCanada 401(k) and Savings Plan.
 (l) Includes
35,236 options exercisable within 60 days for TransCanada common shares and 112 TransCanada common shares held in his
Employee Share Savings Plan accounts.
 (m) Includes
65 TransCanada common shares held in her Employee Share Savings Plan account.
 (n) Includes
1,769 TransCanada common shares held in his Employee Share Savings Plan account, 500 TransCanada common shares held by
Mr. Kampel's spouse and 1,000 TransCanada common shares held by his mother.
 (o) Amount
represents 8,774 TransCanada common shares held in his Employee Share Savings Plan account.
 (p) Includes
7,118 TransCanada common shares held in his Employee Share Savings Plan account and 8,500 TransCanada common shares held jointly
with his spouse.
 (q) Includes
27,461 DSUs and 1,925 units of the Partnership, 342,710 options exercisable within 60 days for TransCanada common
shares, 10,000 TransCanada common shares owned by immediate family members of which beneficial ownership of no common shares is disclaimed, and 48,707 TransCanada common shares held in
the TransCanada Employee Share Savings Plan and 709 TransCanada common shares held in the 401K and Savings Plan.
 Less
than one percent. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
Director Independence 

 As of February 24, 2015, TransCanada owns 11,287,725 common units and the Partnership's General Partner owns 5,797,106 common units, representing an
effective 26.3 percent limited partner interest in the Partnership. In addition, the General Partner owns an effective two percent general partner interest in the Partnership through which it
manages and operates the Partnership. As a result, TransCanada's effective ownership interest in the Partnership is 28.3 percent by virtue of its indirect ownership of the General Partner and
26.3 percent effective limited partner interest. 

Distributions and Payments to Our General Partner and Its Affiliates 

 The following table summarizes the distributions and payments made or to be made by us to our General Partner and its affiliates, which includes TransCanada, in connection with
the ongoing operation and, if applicable, upon liquidation of the Partnership. These distributions and payments were determined by and among affiliated entities and, consequently, are not the result
of arms-length negotiations. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

59 

Operational Stage 

Distributions of average 
Cash to our General Partner 
and its affiliates 
 
 We will generally make cash distributions of 98 percent to common unitholders, including our general partner and its affiliates as holders of an aggregate of 17,084,831 common units, and the remaining
2 percent to our General Partner. 

Payments to our General 
Partner and its affiliates 
 
 In addition, if distributions exceed the minimum quarterly distribution and other higher target levels, our General Partner will be entitled to increasing percentages of the distributions, up to 25 percent of the
distributions above the highest target level. We refer to the rights to the increasing distributions as "incentive distribution rights". For further information about distributions, please read Part II Item 5. "Market for Registrant's
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities". 

Withdrawal or removal of 
our General Partner 
 
 If our General Partner withdraws or is removed, its general partner interest and its incentive distribution rights will either be sold to the new general partner for cash or converted into common units, in each case for
an amount equal to the fair market value of those interests. 

Liquidation Stage 

Liquidation 
 
 Upon our liquidation, the partners, including our General Partner, will be entitled to receive liquidating distributions according to their particular capital account balances. 

Reimbursement of Operating and General and Administrative
Expense 

 The Partnership does not have any employees. The management and operating functions are provided by the General Partner. The General Partner does not receive a management fee
in connection with its management of the Partnership. The Partnership reimburses the General Partner for all costs of services provided, including the costs of employee, officer and director
compensation and benefits, and all other expenses necessary or appropriate to the conduct of the business of, and allocable to, the Partnership. Such costs include (i) overhead costs (such as
office space and equipment) and (ii) out-of-pocket expenses related to the provision of such services. The Partnership Agreement provides that the General Partner will determine the costs that
are allocable to the Partnership in any reasonable manner determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion. Total costs charged to the Partnership by the General Partner were 3 million
for the year ended December 31, 2014. 

Cash Management Programs 

Great Lakes has a cash management agreement with TransCanada whereby its funds are pooled with other TransCanada affiliates. The agreement gives Great Lakes the ability to
obtain short-term borrowings to provide liquidity for its operating needs. 

60 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

Transportation Agreements 

 Great Lakes earns transportation revenues from TransCanada and its affiliates under contracts some of which are provided at discounted rates and some at maximum recourse rates.
These contracts are on the same terms as would be available to other shippers. Great Lakes earned 71 million of transportation revenues under these contracts in 2014. This amount represents
49 percent of total revenues earned by Great Lakes in 2014. Great Lakes also earned 2 million in affiliated rental revenue in 2014. 

 Revenue
from TransCanada and its affiliates of 34 million is included in the Partnership's equity earnings from Great Lakes in 2014. At December 31, 2014,
 15 million was included in Great Lakes' receivables in regards to the transportation contracts with TransCanada and its affiliates. 

 Effective
November 1, 2014, Great Lakes executed contracts with its affiliate, ANR Pipeline Company (ANR) to provide seasonal firm service between Michigan and
Wisconsin. These contracts were at the maximum FERC authorized rate and were intended to replace historical contracts. On December 3, 2014, the FERC accepted and suspended Great Lakes' tariff
records related to these contracts to become effective May 3, 2015, subject to refund. On January 2, 2015, Great Lakes submitted a request for rehearing and clarification with FERC. On
February 2, 2015, FERC issued an Order granting rehearing to allow for additional time for FERC to consider the request. Until Great Lakes obtains clarification from FERC or a settlement is
reached and approved, it is providing service to ANR under multiple service agreements and rates. Great Lakes has deferred 9.4 million of revenue under such agreements that may not be
collected. If these new rates are approved, Great Lakes will potentially recognize an additional 24 million of transportation revenue in 2015, inclusive of the 9.4 million of revenue
related to services performed in 2014. 

2013 Acquisition 

 In the second quarter of 2014, the Partnership made a payment of 25 million to a subsidiary of TransCanada in accordance with the 2013 Acquisition related to the
attainment of certain events with respect to the Carty Lateral project. 

2014 Acquisition 

 On October 1, 2014, we acquired the remaining 30 percent interest in Bison from a subsidiary of TransCanada. The total purchase price of the 2014 Acquisition was
 215 million plus purchase price adjustments of 2 million. The acquisition of Bison was financed through combinations of (i) net proceeds from the ATM Program, and
(ii) short-term financing. 

GTN Acquisition 

 On February 24, 2015, we entered into an agreement to acquire the remaining 30 percent interest in GTN from TransCanada for 446 million comprised of
 253 million in cash, the assumption of 98 million in proportional GTN debt and the issuance of 95 million of new Class B units to TransCanada. The Partnership plans to
fund the cash portion of the transaction through a combination of debt and common equity. The Class B units will be entitled to a distribution based on 30 percent of GTN's annual
distributions as follows: i) for the first five years, 100 percent of distributions above 20 million; and ii) for subsequent years, 25 percent of distributions
above 20 million.The transaction is expected to close on April 1, 2015. 

 The
transaction was approved by the Board of Directors of the general partner, based on approval and recommendation from the Board's conflicts committee which is comprised
entirely of independent directors. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

61 

Operating Agreements with Our Pipeline Companies 

 Our pipeline systems are operated by TransCanada and its affiliates pursuant to operating agreements. Under these agreements, our pipeline systems are required to reimburse
TransCanada for their costs including payroll, employee benefit costs, and other costs incurred on behalf of our pipeline systems. Most costs for materials, services and other charges that are
third-party charges are invoiced directly to each of our pipeline systems. 

Other Agreements 

 Our pipeline systems currently have interconnection, operational balancing agreements, transportation and exchange agreements and/or other inter-affiliate agreements with
affiliates of TransCanada. In addition, each of our pipeline systems currently has other routine agreements with TransCanada that arise in the ordinary course of business, including agreements for
services and other transportation and exchange agreement and interconnection and balancing agreements. 

Capital
and operating costs charged to our pipeline systems for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 by TransCanada's subsidiaries and amounts payable to
TransCanada's subsidiaries at December 31, 2014 and 2013 are summarized in the following tables: 

Year ended December 31 

(millions of dollars) 

2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

Capital and operating costs charged by TransCanada's subsidiaries to: 

GTN (a)(b) 

30 
 
 28 
 
 29 

Northern Border (a) 

35 
 
 30 
 
 31 

Bison (a)(b) 

6 
 
 5 
 
 6 

Great Lakes (a) 

30 
 
 31 
 
 33 

North Baja 

5 
 
 4 
 
 4 

Tuscarora 

4 
 
 4 
 
 4 

Impact on the Partnership's net income attributable to controlling interests: 

GTN (b) 

19 
 
 19 
 
 19 

Northern Border 

16 
 
 14 
 
 14 

Bison (b) 

4 
 
 4 
 
 4 

Great Lakes 

13 
 
 14 
 
 15 

North Baja 

4 
 
 4 
 
 4 

Tuscarora 

4 
 
 4 
 
 4 

December 31 

(millions of dollars) 

2014 
 
 2013 

Amount payable to TransCanada's subsidiaries for costs charged in the year by: 

GTN (a) 

10 
 
 3 

Northern Border (a) 

10 
 
 3 

Bison (a) 

2 

Great Lakes (a) 

9 
 
 3 

North Baja 

1 
 
 1 

Tuscarora 

1 

(a) Represents
100 percent of the costs.
 (b) Refer
to Note 6 of the Partnership's Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 

62 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

Bison's former parent made an equity contribution to Bison of 18 million in the second quarter of 2013. This amount
represents former parent's 75 percent share of a 24 million cash call from Bison to repay inter-affiliate debt primarily related to pipeline construction costs, including reclamation
and restoration work. 

Relationship with our General Partner and TransCanada and Conflicts of Interest
Resolution 

 Our Partnership Agreement contains specific provisions that address potential conflicts of interest between our General Partner and its affiliates, including TransCanada, on
one hand, and us and our subsidiaries, on the other hand. Whenever such a conflict of interest arises, our General Partner will resolve the conflict. Our General Partner may, but is not required to,
seek the approval of such resolution from the conflicts committee of the board of directors of our General Partner (Special Approval), which is comprised of independent directors. 

 Any
conflict of interest and any resolution of such conflict of interest shall be conclusively deemed fair and reasonable if such conflict of interest or resolution is
approved by Special Approval: 

on
terms no less favorable to the Partnership than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties; or
 fair
to us, taking into account the totality of the relationships between the parties involved, including other transactions that may be particularly favorable or
advantageous to us. 

 The
General Partner may also adopt a resolution or course of action that has not received Special Approval. 

 In
acting for the Partnership, the General Partner is accountable to us and the unitholders as a fiduciary. Neither the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act
(Delaware Act) nor case law defines with particularity the fiduciary duties owed by general partners to limited partners of a limited partnership. The Delaware Act does provide that Delaware limited
partnerships may, in their partnership agreements, restrict or expand the fiduciary duties owed by a general partner to limited partners and the partnership. 

 In
order to induce the General Partner to manage the business of the Partnership, the Partnership Agreement contains various provisions restricting the fiduciary duties that
might otherwise be owed by the General Partner. The following is a summary of the material restrictions of the fiduciary duties owed by the General Partner to the limited partners: 

The
Partnership Agreement permits the General Partner to make a number of decisions in its "sole discretion." This entitles the General Partner to consider only the
interests and factors that it desires and it shall have no duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of, or factors affecting, the Partnership, its affiliates or any limited
partner. Other provisions of the Partnership Agreement provide that the General Partner's actions must be made in its reasonable discretion.
 The
Partnership Agreement generally provides that affiliated transactions and resolutions of conflicts of interest not involving a required vote of unitholders must be "fair
and reasonable" to the Partnership. In determining whether a transaction or resolution is "fair and reasonable" the General Partner may consider interests of all parties involved, including its own.
Unless the General Partner has acted in bad faith, the action taken by the General Partner shall not constitute a breach of its fiduciary duty. 

The
Partnership Agreement specifically provides that it shall not be a breach of the General Partner's fiduciary duty if its affiliates engage in business interests and activities in competition with,
or in preference or to the exclusion of, the Partnership. Further, the General Partner and its affiliates have no obligation to present business opportunities to the Partnership. 

The
Partnership Agreement provides that the General Partner and its officers and directors will not be liable for monetary damages to the Partnership, the limited partners
or assignees for errors of judgment or for any acts or omissions if the General Partner and those other persons acted in good faith. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

63 

The
Partnership is required to indemnify the General Partner and its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, partners, members, agents and trustees (collectively
referred to hereafter as the General Partner and others), to the fullest extent permitted by law, against liabilities, costs and expenses incurred by the General Partner and others. This
indemnification is required if the General Partner and others acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in, or (in the case of a person other than the General Partner)
not opposed to, the best interests of the Partnership. Indemnification is required for criminal proceedings if the General Partner and others had no reasonable cause to believe their conduct was
unlawful. Please read Item 10. "Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance" for additional information. 

Director Independence 

 Please read Item 10. "Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance" for information about the independence of our General Partner's board of directors and its
committees, which information is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the fees billed by the principal accountants: 

Year ended December 31 

(thousands of dollars) 

2014 
 
 2013 (a) 

Audit Fees (b) 

922 
 
 1,018 

Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees (c) 

All Other Fees 

Total 

922 
 
 1,018 

(a) Recast
as discussed in Note 2 and Note 6 of the Partnership's consolidated financial statements included in Item 15. "Exhibit and
Financial Statement Schedules" of this report.
 (b) 200 thousand
of the 2014 Audit Fees relate to ATM equity financing in connection with the 2014 Acquisition. 294 thousand of the 2013 Audit
Fees relate to equity and debt financing in connection with the 2013 Acquisition.
 (c) The
Partnership did not engage its external auditors for any tax or other services in 2014 or 2013. 

AUDIT FEES 

 Audit fees include fees for the audit of annual GAAP financial statements, reviews of the related quarterly financial statements and related consents and comfort letters for
documents filed with the SEC. Before our independent registered public accounting firm is engaged each year for annual audit and any non-audit services, these services and fees are reviewed and
approved by our Audit Committee. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules 

(a) (1) Financial Statements 

See
"Index to Financial Statements" set forth on Page F-1. 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

64 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

All
schedules are omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

(3) Exhibits 

 The
exhibit list required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the Exhibit Index that follows the financial statements files as a part of this report. 

No. 
 
 Description 

2.4 
 
 Agreement for purchase and sale of membership interest dated as of May 15, 2013 between TransCanada American Investments Ltd., as Seller, and TC PipeLines Intermediate Limited Partnership, as Buyer
(Exhibit 2.1 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2013). 

2.5 

Agreement for purchase and sale of membership interest dated as of May 15, 2013 between TC Continental Pipeline Holdings Inc., as Seller, and TC PipeLines Intermediate Limited Partnership, as Buyer (Exhibit 2.2
to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2013). 

3.1 

Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of TC PipeLines, LP dated July 1, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 8-K filed on July 1,
2009). 

3.2 

Certificate of Limited Partnership of TC PipeLines, LP (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form S-1 Registration Statement, filed on December 30, 1998). 

4.1 

Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2011, between the Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 8-K filed on June 17,
2011). 

4.2 

Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2011 relating to the issuance of 350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.65 Senior Notes due 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to TC PipeLines, LP's
Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2011). 

4.3 

Specimen of 4.65 Senior Notes due 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.2 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2011). 

4.4 

Form of indenture for senior debt securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2011). 

10.1 

Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership between TransCanada GL, Inc., TC GL Intermediate Limited Partnership and Great Lakes Gas Transmission Company dated February 22, 2007
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 10-Q filed on April 30, 2007). 

10.1.1 

Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Great Lakes Gas Transmission Partnership between TransCanada GL, Inc., TC GL Intermediate Limited Partnership and Great Lakes Gas Transmission Company
dated October 25, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2011). 

10.2 

Operating Agreement between Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership and Great Lakes Gas Transmission Company dated April 5, 1990 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 10-Q filed
on April 30, 2007). 

10.3 

First Amended and Restated General Partnership Agreement of Northern Border Pipeline Company by and between Northern Border Intermediate Limited Partnership and TC Pipelines Intermediate Limited Partnership dated April 6, 2006 (Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Northern Border Pipeline Company's Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2006). 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

65 

10.4 

Operating Agreement by and between Northern Border Pipeline Company and TransCan Northwest Border Ltd. dated April 6, 2006 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Northern Border Pipeline Company's Form 8-K filed on
April 12, 2006). 

10.4.1 

Amendment No.1 to Northern Border Pipeline Company Operating Agreement by and between Northern Border Pipeline Company and TransCanada Northern Border Inc. dated April 22, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9.1
to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2009). 

10.4.2 

Second Amendment of Operating Agreement by and between Northern Border Pipeline Company and TransCanada Northern Border Inc. dated February 10, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9.2 to TC PipeLines, LP's
Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2010). 

10.5 

Operating Agreement by and between Tuscarora Gas Transmission Company and TransCan Northwest Border Ltd. dated December 19, 2006 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 10-K filed on
March 2, 2007). 

10.5.1 

First Amendment to Operating Agreement by and between Tuscarora Gas Transmission Company and TransCanada Northern Border Inc. (formerly TransCan Northwest Border Ltd.) dated June 21, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.10.1 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2009). 

10.5.2 

Second Amendment to Operating Agreement by and between Tuscarora Gas Transmission Company and TransCanada Northern Border Inc. (formerly TransCan Northwest Border Ltd.) dated December 31, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.10.2 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2009). 

10.5.3 

Third Amendment to Operating Agreement by and between Tuscarora Gas Transmission Company and TransCanada Northern Border Inc. dated December 31, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10.3 to TC PipeLines, LP's
Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2009). 

10.5.4 

Fourth Amendment to Operating Agreement by and between Tuscarora Gas Transmission Company and TransCanada Northern Border Inc. dated December 31, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10.4 to TC PipeLines, LP's
Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2010). 

10.5.5 

Fifth Amendment to Operating Agreement by and between Tuscarora Gas Transmission Company and TransCanada Northern Border Inc. dated December 31, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TC PipeLines, LP's
Form 10-Q filed on April 27, 2011). 

10.6 

Management Services Agreement by and between Gas Transmission Service Company, LLC (formally PG E Gas Transmission Service Company, LLC) and North Baja Pipeline, LLC dated January 1, 2002 (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.2 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2009). 

10.7 

Contribution, Conveyance and Assumption Agreement among TC PipeLines, LP and certain other parties dated May 28, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 10-K filed on
March 28, 2000). 

10.8 

Form of Conveyance, Contribution and Assumption Agreement among Northern Plains Natural Gas Company, Northwest Border Pipeline Company, Pan Border Gas Company, Northern Border Partners, L.P., and Northern Border Intermediate Limited Partnership
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Northern Border Pipeline Company's Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on July 16, 1993 (Registration No. 33-66158)). 

66 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

10.9 

Form of Contribution, Conveyance and Assumption Agreement by and among TransCanada Border Pipeline Ltd., TransCan Northern Ltd., TransCanada PipeLines Limited, TC PipeLines, L.P., TC PipeLines Intermediate Limited Partnership
and TC PipeLines GP, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form S-1/A filed on May 3, 1999). 

10.10 

Membership Interest Purchase Agreement by and between Northern Border Pipeline Company and TransCanada Pipeline USA Ltd. dated August 28, 2008, (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TC PipeLines, LP's
Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2008). 

10.11 

Common Unit Purchase Agreement by and between TC PipeLines, LP and TransCan Northern Ltd. dated July 1, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 8-K filed on July 1,
2009). 

10.12 

Exchange Agreement by and between TC PipeLines, LP and TC PipeLines GP, Inc. dated July 1, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 8-K filed on July 1,
2009). 

10.13 

First Amendment to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2011, by and among TC PipeLines, LP, the Lenders, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the Lenders, including
(as Exhibit A thereto) the Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement dated as of July 13, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 8-K filed on
July 19, 2011). 

10.14 

First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2012, by and among TC PipeLines, LP, the Lenders, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the Lenders.
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2013). 

10.15 

Guaranty by TransCanada Pipeline USA Ltd. dated May 15, 2013 with respect to the obligations of TransCanada American Investments Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 8-K
filed on May 15, 2013). 

10.16 

Guaranty by TransCanada Pipeline USA Ltd. dated May 15, 2013 with respect to the obligations of TC Continental Pipeline Holdings Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 8-K
filed on May 15, 2013). 

10.17 

Term Loan Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2013, between the Partnership and the lenders (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 8-K filed on July 3, 2013). 

10.18 

TC PipeLines GP, Inc. Deferred Share Unit Plan for Non-Employee Directors (2013), effective as of January 1, 2014, as amended on December 16, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to TC PipeLines,
 LP's Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2014). 

10.19 

Agreement for purchase and sale of membership interest dated as of October 1, 2014 between TC Continental Pipeline Holdings Inc. and TC PipeLines Intermediate Limited Partnership (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to the TC PipeLines, LP's Form 8-K filed October 1, 2014). 

10.20 

Equity Distribution Agreement, dated August 19, 2014, among TC PipeLines, LP and the sales managers thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to TC PipeLines, LP's Form 8-K filed August 19,
2014). 

10.21 

Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Membership Interest dated as of February 24, 2015 between TransCanada American Investments Ltd., as Seller, and the Partnership, as Buyer (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to TC PipeLines,
 LP's Form 8-K filed February 25, 2015). 

12.1 

Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

67 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.1 

Consent of KPMG LLP with respect to the financial statements of TC PipeLines, LP. 

23.2 

Consent of KPMG LLP with respect to the financial statements of Northern Border Pipeline Company. 

23.3 

Consent of KPMG LLP with respect to the financial statements of Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership. 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.1 

Transportation Service Agreement FT9141 between Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership and ANR Pipeline Company, dated March 12, 2008. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TC PipeLines, LP's
Form 10-Q filed on August 5, 2008). 

99.2 

Transportation Service Agreement FT9158 between Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership and ANR Pipeline Company, dated March 14, 2008. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to TC PipeLines, LP's
Form 10-Q filed on August 5, 2008). 

99.3 

Transportation Service Agreement IT11986 between Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership and TransCanada Gas Storage USA Inc., dated February 27, 2009. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to TC PipeLines,
 LP's Form 10-Q filed on April 30, 2009). 

99.4 

Transportation Service Agreement FT16128 between Great Lakes Transmission Limited Partnership and TransCanada PipeLines Limited, dated March 9, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.11 to TC PipeLines, LP's
Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2012). 

99.5 

Transportation Service Agreement FT17190 between Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership and TransCanada Pipelines Limited, dated February 6, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to TC PipeLines, LP's
Form 10-Q filed on April 30, 2012). 

99.6 

Transportation Service Agreement FT17193 between Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership and TransCanada Pipelines Limited, dated February 6, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to TC PipeLines, LP's
Form 10-Q filed on April 30, 2012). 

99.7 

Transportation Service Agreement FT17593 between Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership and ANR Pipeline Company, dated October 30, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.16 to TC PipeLines, LP's
Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2013). 

99.8 

Transportation Service Agreement FT17196 between Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership and ANR Pipeline Company, dated December 3, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.17 to TC PipeLines, LP's
Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2013). 

99.9 

Transportation Service Agreement FT18138 between Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership and ANR Pipeline Company, dated October 31, 2014 

99.10 

Transportation Service Agreement FT18139 between Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership and ANR Pipeline Company, dated October 31, 2014 

99.11 

Transportation Service Agreement FT18147 between Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership and ANR Pipeline Company, dated October 31, 2014 

68 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

99.12 

Transportation Service Agreement FT18150 between Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership and ANR Pipeline Company, dated October 31, 2014 

99.13 

Transportation Service Agreement FT18138 between Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership and ANR Pipeline Company, dated December 3, 2014 

99.14 

Transportation Service Agreement FT18139 between Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership and ANR Pipeline Company, dated December 3, 2014 

99.15 

Transportation Service Agreement FT18147 between Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership and ANR Pipeline Company, dated December 3, 2014 

99.16 

Transportation Service Agreement FT18150 between Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership and ANR Pipeline Company, dated December 3, 2014 

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

Indicates exhibits incorporated by reference.
 # Management
contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

2014 ANNUAL
REPORT 

69 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 27 th day of February 2015. 

TC PIPELINES, LP 
(A Delaware Limited Partnership) 
by its General Partner, TC PipeLines GP, Inc. 

By: 
 
/s/ Steven D. Becker Steven D. Becker 
President 
TC PipeLines GP, Inc. (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 
/s/ Nathaniel A. Brown Nathaniel A. Brown 
Controller 
TC PipeLines GP, Inc. (Principal Financial Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Karl R. Johannson Karl R. Johannson 
 
 Chair 
 
 February 27, 2015 

/s/ Steven D. Becker Steven D. Becker 

President and Principal Executive Officer 

February 27, 2015 

/s/ Nathaniel A. Brown Nathaniel A. Brown 

Controller and Principal Financial Officer 

February 27, 2015 

/s/ M. Catharine Davis M. Catharine Davis 

Director 

February 27, 2015 

/s/ Joel E. Hunter Joel E. Hunter 

Director 

February 27, 2015 

/s/ Walentin (Val) Mirosh Walentin (Val) Mirosh 

Director 

February 27, 2015 

/s/ Jack F. Stark Jack F. Stark 

Director 

February 27, 2015 

/s/ Malyn K. Malquist Malyn K. Malquist 

Director 

February 27, 2015 

70 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

TC PIPELINES, LP 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page No. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF TC PIPELINES, LP 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2014 and 2013 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Income Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Partners' Equity Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF NORTHERN BORDER PIPELINE COMPANY 

Independent Auditors' Report 
 
 F-24 

Balance Sheet December 31, 2014 and 2013 
 
 F-25 

Statement of Income Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
 
 F-26 

Statement of Comprehensive Income Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
 
 F-26 

Statement of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
 
 F-27 

Statement of Changes in Partners' Equity Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
 
 F-28 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-29 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF GREAT LAKES GAS TRANSMISSION LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 

Independent Auditors' Report 
 
 F-37 

Balance Sheet December 31, 2014 and 2013 
 
 F-38 

Statement of Income and Partners' Capital Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
 
 F-39 

Statement of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
 
 F-40 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-41 

F-1 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 The Board of Directors and Unitholders 
TC PipeLines GP, Inc. General Partner of TC PipeLines, LP: 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of TC PipeLines, LP (a Delaware limited partnership) and subsidiaries as
of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in partners' equity for each of the years in the three-year period
ended December 31, 2014. We also have audited TC PipeLines, LP internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). Management of the General Partner of TC PipeLines, LP is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial
reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and an opinion on TC PipeLines, LP internal control over financial reporting based on
our audits. 

 We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over
financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

 A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of TC PipeLines, LP and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2014, in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, TC PipeLines, LP maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

/s/
KPMG LLP 

 Houston,
Texas 
February 27, 2015 

F-2 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

TC PIPELINES, LP 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31 (millions of dollars) 

2014 

2013 

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

26 
 
 25 

Accounts receivable and other (Note 19) 

35 
 
 37 

Inventories 

7 
 
 7 

68 
 
 69 

Investments in unconsolidated affiliates (Note 4) 

1,177 
 
 1,195 

Plant, property and equipment (Note 5) 

1,968 
 
 2,042 

Goodwill 

130 
 
 130 

Other assets 

6 
 
 7 

3,349 
 
 3,443 

Liabilities and Partners' Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

23 
 
 19 

Accounts payable to affiliates (Note 16) 

15 
 
 29 

Accrued interest 

4 
 
 4 

Short-term loan (Note 7) 

170 

Current portion of long-term debt (Note 7) 

79 
 
 3 

291 
 
 55 

Long-term debt (Note 7) 

1,446 
 
 1,575 

Other liabilities (Note 8) 

26 
 
 24 

1,763 
 
 1,654 

Partners' Equity (Note 9) 

Common units 

1,325 
 
 1,322 

General partner 

29 
 
 28 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss (Note 10) 

(2 

(1) 

Controlling interests 

1,352 
 
 1,349 

Non-controlling interests 

234 
 
 440 

1,586 
 
 1,789 

3,349 
 
 3,443 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-3 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

TC PIPELINES, LP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Year ended December 31 (millions of dollars except per common unit amounts) 

2014 

2013 (a) 

2012 (a) 

Transmission revenues 

336 
 
 341 
 
 343 

Equity earnings from unconsolidated affiliates (Note 4) 

88 
 
 67 
 
 99 

Operation and maintenance expenses 

(54 

(55) 
 (57) 

Property taxes 

(21 

(23) 
 (25) 

General and administrative 

(9 

(9) 
 (6) 

Depreciation 

(86 

(86) 
 (85) 

Financial charges and other (Note 11) 

(50 

(44) 
 (40) 

Net income 

204 
 
 191 
 
 229 

Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 

32 
 
 36 
 
 37 

Net income attributable to controlling interests 

172 
 
 155 
 
 192 

Net income attributable to controlling interests allocation (Note 12) 

Common units 

168 
 
 126 
 
 134 

General Partner 

4 
 
 3 
 
 3 

172 
 
 129 
 
 137 

Net income per common unit (Note 12) basic and diluted 

2.67 
 
 2.13 
 
 2.51 

Weighted average common units outstanding (millions) basic and diluted 

62.7 
 
 58.9 
 
 53.5 

Common units outstanding, end of year (millions) 

63.6 
 
 62.3 
 
 53.5 

(a) Recast
as discussed in Note 2 and Note 6. 

TC PIPELINES, LP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Year ended December 31 (millions of dollars) 

2014 

2013 (a) 

2012 (a) 

Net income 

204 
 
 191 
 
 229 

Other comprehensive income 

Change in fair value of cash flow hedges (Note 18) 

(1 

Reclassification to net income of gains and losses on cash flow hedges (Note 10) 

(1) 

Total comprehensive income 

203 
 
 191 
 
 229 

Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests 

32 
 
 36 
 
 37 

Comprehensive income attributable to controlling interests 

171 
 
 155 
 
 192 

(a) Recast
as discussed in Note 2 and Note 6. 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-4 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

TC PIPELINES, LP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended December 31 (millions of dollars) 

2014 

2013 (a) 

2012 (a) 

Cash Generated From Operations 

Net income 

204 
 
 191 
 
 229 

Depreciation 

86 
 
 86 
 
 85 

Amortization of debt issue costs (Note 11) 

1 
 
 1 
 
 1 

Change in other long-term liabilities 

2 

Change in operating working capital (Note 14) 

17 
 
 (8) 

308 
 
 272 
 
 315 

Investing Activities 

Cumulative distributions in excess of equity earnings: 

Great Lakes 

9 
 
 14 
 
 17 

Northern Border 

18 
 
 20 
 
 24 

Investment in Great Lakes (Note 4) 

(9 

(9) 
 (9) 

Investment in Northern Border (Note 4) 

(31) 

Acquisition of the remaining 30 percent interest in Bison (Note 6) 

(217 

Acquisition of interests in each of GTN and Bison, net of cash acquired (Note 6) 

(25 

(921) 

Adjustment to the 2011 Acquisition 

1 

Capital expenditures 

(10 

(15) 
 (36) 

Change in affiliate demand loan receivable 

21 
 
 20 

(234 

(920) 
 16 

Financing Activities 

Distributions paid (Note 13) 

(212 

(188) 
 (169) 

Distributions paid to non-controlling interests 

(50 

(52) 
 (53) 

Change in affiliate demand loan payable 

(15) 

ATM equity issuance, net (Note 9) 

73 

Equity issuance, net (Note 9) 

381 

Long-term debt issued (Note 7) 

35 
 
 937 
 
 8 

Short-term loan issued (Note 7) 

170 

Long-term debt repaid (Note 7) 

(89 

(372) 
 (62) 

Debt issue costs 

(2) 

Equity contribution from Bison's former parent (Note 16) 

18 

Distributions paid to former parent of GTN and Bison 

(37) 
 (81) 

(73 

670 
 
 (357) 

Increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

1 
 
 22 
 
 (26) 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

25 
 
 3 
 
 29 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

26 
 
 25 
 
 3 

Interest payments made 

47 

42 

42 

Supplemental information about non-cash investing and financing activities 

Accrual for Carty Lateral consideration payment (Note 16) 

25 

(a) Recast
as discussed in Note 2 and Note 6. 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-5 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

TC PIPELINES, LP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN PARTNERS' EQUITY 

(millions of common units) 
(millions of dollars) 
 
 Common Units 

General 
Partner 

Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss (b) 

Non-Controlling 
Interests 

Equity of 
former 
parent of 
GTN and 
Bison (a) 

Total 
Partners' 
Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2011 (a) 
 
 53.5 

1,307 
 
 27 
 
 (1) 
 465 
 
 698 
 
 2,496 

Net income (a) 

188 
 
 4 

37 

229 

Net income attributed to GTN's and Bison's former parent (a) 

(54) 
 (1) 

55 

Distribution paid related to equity of former parent of GTN and Bison 

(81) 
 (81) 

Effect of conversion to an LLC by GTN and other (Note 2k) (a) 

(1) 
 1 

Distributions paid (a) 

(166) 
 (3) 

(53) 

(222) 

Balance at December 31, 2012 (a) 
 
 53.5 

1,275 
 
 27 
 
 (1) 
 448 
 
 673 
 
 2,422 

Net income (a) 

152 
 
 3 

36 

191 

Net income attributed to GTN's and Bison's former parent (a) 

(26) 

26 

Distribution paid related to equity of former parent of GTN and Bison 

(37) 
 (37) 

Equity issuance, net (Note 9) 
 
 8.8 

373 
 
 8 

381 

Distributions paid 

(184) 
 (4) 

(52) 

(240) 

Excess purchase price paid over net acquired assets (Note 6) 

(268) 
 (6) 

(274) 

Equity contribution from Bison's former Parent (Note 16) 

8 
 
 10 
 
 18 

Former parent carrying amount of acquired entities 

(672) 
 (672) 

Adjustment to the 2011 Acquisition (Note 6) 

1 

1 

Other 

(1) 

(1) 

Balance at December 31, 2013 
 
 62.3 

1,322 
 
 28 
 
 (1) 
 440 

1,789 

Net income 

168 
 
 4 

32 

204 

Other comprehensive loss 

(1) 

(1) 

ATM Equity Issuance, net (Note 9) 
 
 1.3 

71 
 
 2 

73 

Acquisition of the remaining 30 percent interest in Bison (Note 6) 

(29) 

(188) 

(217) 

Distributions paid 

(207) 
 (5) 

(50) 

(262) 

Balance at December 31, 2014 
 
 63.6 

1,325 
 
 29 
 
 (2) 
 234 

1,586 

(a) Recast
as discussed in Note 2 and Note 6.
 (b) Losses
related to cash flow hedges reported in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss and expected to be reclassified to net income in the next
12 months are estimated to be less than 1 million. These estimates assume constant interest rates over time; however, the amounts reclassified will vary based on actual value of
interest rates at the date of settlement. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-6 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

TC PIPELINES, LP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION 

 TC PipeLines, LP and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to herein as the Partnership. The Partnership was formed by TransCanada PipeLines Limited, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of TransCanada Corporation (TransCanada Corporation together with its subsidiaries collectively referred to herein as TransCanada), to acquire, own and participate in the
management of energy infrastructure assets in North America. 

 The
Partnership owns the following interests in natural gas pipeline systems: 

Pipeline 
 
 Length 
 
 Description 
 
 Ownership 

Gas Transmission Northwest LLC (GTN) 
 
 1,353 miles 
 
 Extends between an interconnection near Kingsgate, British Columbia, Canada at the Canadian border to a point near Malin, Oregon at the California border and delivers natural gas to the Pacific Northwest and to
California. TransCanada owns the remaining 30 percent of GTN (See Note 22 Subsequent Events). 
 
 70 percent 

Northern Border Pipeline Company (Northern Border) 

1,408 miles 

Extends between the Canadian border near Port of Morgan, Montana to a terminus near North Hayden, Indiana, south of Chicago. Northern Border is capable of receiving natural gas from Canada, the Williston Basin and Rocky Mountain Basin. ONEOK Partners,
 L.P. owns the remaining 50 percent of Northern Border. 

50 percent 

Bison Pipeline LLC (Bison) 

303 miles 

Extends from a location near Gillette, Wyoming to Northern Border's pipeline system in North Dakota. Bison transports natural gas from the Powder River Basin to Midwest markets. 

100 percent 

Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership (Great Lakes) 

2,115 miles 

Connects with the TransCanada Mainline at the Canadian border near Emerson, Manitoba, Canada and St. Clair, Michigan, near Detroit. Great Lakes is a bi-directional pipeline that can receive and deliver natural gas at multiple points along its
system. TransCanada owns the remaining 53.55 percent of Great Lakes. 

46.45 percent 

North Baja Pipeline, LLC (North Baja) 

86 miles 

Extends between an interconnection with the El Paso Natural Gas Company pipeline near Ehrenberg, Arizona and an interconnection with a natural gas pipeline near Ogilby, California on the Mexican border. North Baja is a bi-directional
pipeline. 

100 percent 

Tuscarora Gas Transmission Company (Tuscarora) 

305 miles 

Extends between the GTN pipeline near Malin, Oregon to its terminus near Reno, Nevada and delivers natural gas in northeastern California and northwestern Nevada. 

100 percent 

The
Partnership is managed by its General Partner, TC PipeLines GP, Inc. (General Partner), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of TransCanada. The
General Partner provides management and operating services for the Partnership and is reimbursed for its costs and expenses. The General Partner owns 5,797,106 common units, which together with
its effective two percent general partner interest represents an effective 10.9 percent interest in the Partnership at December 31, 2014. TransCanada also indirectly holds additional
11,287,725 common units representing a 17.4 percent limited partner interest in the Partnership for a total interest in the Partnership of 28.3 percent at
December 31, 2014. 

NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 The accompanying financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and amounts
are stated in U.S. dollars. The financial statements and notes present the financial position of the Partnership as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 and the results of its operations, cash
flows and changes in partners' equity for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. 

(a) Basis of Presentation 

 The Partnership consolidates its investments in GTN, Bison, North Baja and Tuscarora, over which it is able to exercise control. To the extent there are interests owned by other
parties, these interests are included in non-controlling interests. The Partnership uses the equity method of accounting for its investments in Northern Border and Great Lakes, over which it is able
to exercise significant influence. 

F-7 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

On
October 1, 2014, the Partnership acquired the remaining 30 percent interest in Bison from a subsidiary of TransCanada (the 2014 Acquisition), which
resulted in Bison being wholly-owned by the Partnership. Prior to this transaction, the remaining 30 percent interest held by a subsidiary of TransCanada was reflected as non-controlling
interest in the consolidated financial statements. The 2014 Acquisition of this already-consolidated entity was accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control, similar to a
pooling of interests, whereby the acquired interest was recorded at TransCanada's carrying value and the total excess purchase price paid was recorded as a reduction in Partners' Equity. Refer to
Note 6 for additional disclosure regarding the 2014 Acquisition. 

 On
July 1, 2013, the Partnership acquired a 45 percent membership interest in each of GTN and Bison (the 2013 Acquisition) from subsidiaries of
TransCanada increasing the Partnership's ownership in each of GTN and Bison to 70 percent. The 2013 Acquisition was accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control, similar
to a pooling of interests, whereby the assets and liabilities of GTN and Bison were recorded at TransCanada's carrying value and the Partnership's historical financial information, except net income
per common unit, was recast to consolidate GTN and Bison for all periods presented. Refer to Note 6 for additional disclosure regarding the 2013 Acquisition. 

(b) Use of Estimates 

 The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Although management believes these estimates
are reasonable, actual results could differ from these estimates. 

(c) Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 The Partnership's cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and highly liquid short-term investments with original maturities of three months or less and are recorded at cost,
which approximates fair value. 

(d) Trade Accounts Receivable 

Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. We review our accounts receivable regularly and record allowances for doubtful accounts
using the specific identification method. 

(e) Inventories 

 Inventories primarily consist of materials and supplies and are carried at the lower of weighted average cost or market. 

(f) Plant, Property and Equipment 

 Plant, property and equipment are stated at original cost. Costs of restoring the land above and around the pipeline are capitalized to pipeline facilities and depreciated over
the remaining life of the related pipeline facilities. Pipeline facilities and compression equipment have an estimated useful life of 20 to 77 years and metering and other equipment ranges from
5 to 77 years. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line composite basis over the assets' estimated useful lives. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Costs that are
considered a betterment are capitalized. 

 An
allowance for funds used during construction, using the rate of return on rate base approved by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), is capitalized and
included in the cost of plant, property and equipment. Amounts included in construction work in progress are not amortized until transferred into service. 

(g) Impairment of Equity Investments 

 We review our equity method investments when a significant event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have an adverse effect on the fair value of each investment.
When such events or changes occur, we compare the estimated fair value to the carrying value of the related investment. We also perform this evaluation every reporting period for each investment for
which the carrying value has exceeded the fair value in the prior period. We calculate the estimated fair value of an investment in an equity method investee using an income approach and market
approach. The development of fair value estimates requires significant judgment including estimates of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimates of the long-term rate of
growth for the investee, estimates of the useful life over which cash flows will occur, and determination of weighted average cost of capital. The estimates used to calculate the fair value of an
investee can change from year to year based on operating results and market conditions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and our
assessment as to whether an investment in an equity method investee has suffered an impairment. 

 If
the estimated fair value of an investment is less than its carrying value, we are required to determine if the decline in fair value is other than temporary. This
determination considers the aforementioned valuation methodologies, the length of time and the extent to which fair value has been less than carrying value, the financial condition and near-term
prospects of the investee, including any specific events which may influence the operations of the investee, the intent and ability of the holder to retain its investment in the investee for a period
of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value, and other facts and circumstances. If the fair value of an investment is less than its carrying value and the decline in value
is determined to be other than temporary, we record an impairment charge. 

F-8 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

(h) Impairment of Long-lived Assets 

 The Partnership reviews long-lived assets, such as plant, property and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not
be recoverable. If the total of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying value of the assets, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess of the carrying value over
the fair value of the assets. 

(i) Partners' Equity 

 Costs incurred in connection with the issuance of units are deducted from the proceeds received. 

(j) Revenue Recognition 

 Transmission revenues are recognized in the period in which the service is provided. When a rate case is pending final FERC approval, a portion of the revenue collected is
subject to possible refund. As of December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the Partnership has not recognized any transmission revenue that is subject to possible refund. 

(k) Income Taxes 

 The Partnership is not subject to federal or state income tax. The tax effect of the Partnership's activities accrues to its partners. The Partnership's taxable income or loss,
which may vary substantially from the net income or loss reported in the consolidated statement of income, is includable in the federal income tax returns of each partner. The aggregate difference in
the basis of the Partnership's net assets for financial and income tax purposes cannot be readily determined because all information regarding each partner's tax attributes related to the partnership
is not available. 

 As
a result of the recast of the Partnership's historical financial information (refer to Note 2 (a)), the Partnership included income taxes in its consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2011. Those income taxes relate to GTN for the periods prior to April 1, 2011. GTN is no longer subject to income taxes and settled
all current and deferred income tax balances pursuant to GTN's tax-sharing agreement with TransCanada PipeLine USA Ltd. upon conversion to an LLC on April 1, 2011. GTN used the
Asset and Liability method of accounting for income taxes for the periods prior to April 1, 2011. 

(l) Acquisitions and Goodwill 

 The Partnership accounts for business acquisitions from third parties using the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly, the assets and liabilities of the acquired
entities are recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired is attributed to goodwill. Goodwill is not
amortized and is tested on an annual basis for impairment or more frequently if any indicators of impairment are evident. The Partnership initially assesses qualitative factors to determine whether
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the goodwill might be impaired. If the Partnership does not conclude that it is more likely than not that fair value of the reporting unit is greater
than its carrying value, the first step of the two-step impairment test is performed by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit to its book value, which includes goodwill. If the fair value is
less than book value, an impairment is indicated and a second step is performed to measure the amount of the impairment. In the second step, the implied fair value of goodwill is calculated by
deducting the recognized amounts of all tangible and intangible net assets of the reporting unit from the fair value determined in the initial assessment. If the carrying value of goodwill exceeds the
calculated implied fair value of goodwill, an impairment charge is recorded. 

 The
Partnership accounts for business acquisitions between itself and TransCanada as transactions between entities under common control. Using this approach, the assets and
liabilities of the acquired entities are recorded at TransCanada's carrying value. In the event recasting is required, the Partnership's historical financial information will be recast, except net
income per common unit, to include the acquired entities for all periods presented. If the fair market value paid for the acquired entities is greater than the recorded net assets of the acquired
entities, the excess purchase price paid is recorded as a reduction in Partners' Equity. Similarly, if the fair market value paid for the acquired entities is less than the recorded net assets of the
acquired entities, the excess of assets acquired is recorded as an increase in Partners' Equity. 

(m) Fair Value Measurements 

 For cash and cash equivalents, receivables, accounts payable and certain accrued expenses, the carrying amount approximates fair value due to the short maturities of these
instruments. For long-term debt instruments and the interest rate swap agreements, fair value is estimated based upon market values (if applicable) or on the current interest rates available to
us for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities. Considerable judgment is required in developing these estimates. 

F-9 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

(n) Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities 

 The Partnership recognizes all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet at their respective fair values. For derivatives designated in hedging
relationships, changes in the fair value are either offset through earnings against the change in fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk being hedged or recognized in accumulated other
comprehensive income, to the extent the derivative is effective at offsetting the changes in cash flows being hedged until the hedged item affects earnings. 

 The
Partnership only enters into derivative contracts that it intends to designate as a hedge of a forecasted transaction or the variability of cash flows to be received or
paid related to a recognized asset or liability (cash flow hedge). For all hedging relationships, the Partnership formally documents the hedging relationship and its risk management objective and
strategy for undertaking the hedge, the hedging instrument, the hedged transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged, how the hedging instrument's effectiveness in offsetting the hedged risk will
be assessed prospectively and retrospectively, and a description of the method used to measure ineffectiveness. The Partnership also formally assesses, both at the inception of the hedging
relationship and on an ongoing basis, whether the derivatives that are used in hedging relationships are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged transactions. For derivative
instruments that are designated and qualify as part of a cash flow hedging relationship, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of other comprehensive
income and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses on the derivative representing either hedge ineffectiveness
or hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in current earnings. 

 The
Partnership discontinues hedge accounting prospectively when it determines that the derivative is no longer effective in offsetting cash flows attributable to the hedged
risk, the derivative expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised, the cash flow hedge is de-designated because a forecasted transaction is not probable of occurring, or management determines to
remove the designation of the cash flow hedge. 

 In
all situations in which hedge accounting is discontinued and the derivative remains outstanding, the Partnership continues to carry the derivative at its fair value on
the balance sheet and recognizes any subsequent changes in its fair value in earnings. When it is probable that a forecasted transaction will not occur, the Partnership discontinues hedge accounting
and recognizes immediately in earnings gains and losses that were accumulated in other comprehensive income related to the hedging relationship. 

(o) Asset Retirement Obligation 

 The Partnership recognizes the fair value of a liability for asset retirement obligations in the period in which it is incurred, when a legal obligation exists and a reasonable
estimate of fair value can be made. The fair value is added to the carrying amount of the associated asset and the liability is accreted through charges to operating expenses. 

The
scope and timing of asset retirements related to natural gas pipelines is indeterminable. As a result, the Partnership has recorded no asset retirement obligations as of
December 31, 2014 and 2013. 

(p) Government Regulation 

 The Partnership's subsidiaries are subject to regulation by FERC. Under regulatory accounting principles, certain assets or liabilities that result from the regulated ratemaking
process may be recorded that would not be recorded under GAAP for non-regulated entities. The timing of recognition of certain revenues and expenses in our regulated business may differ from that
otherwise expected under GAAP to appropriately reflect the economic impact of the regulators' decisions regarding revenues and rates. The Partnership regularly evaluates the continued applicability of
regulatory accounting, considering such factors as regulatory changes, the impact of competition, and the ability to recover regulatory assets. The Partnership had no material regulatory assets as of
December 31, 2014 and 2013. Regulatory liabilities are included in other long-term liabilities (refer to Note 8). Allowance for funds used during construction is capitalized and included
in plant, property and equipment. 

(q) Debt Issuance Costs 

 Costs related to the issuance of debt are deferred and amortized using the effective interest rate method over the term of the related debt. 

NOTE 3 ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

Revenue from contracts with customers 

 In May 2014, the FASB issued new guidance on Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). This guidance supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic
605, Revenue Recognition and most industry-specific guidance. This new guidance requires that an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an
amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This new guidance is effective from January 1, 2017 with two methods
in which the amendment can be applied; (1) retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented, or (2) retrospectively with the 

F-10 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

cumulative
effect recognized at the date of initial application. Early application is not permitted. The Partnership is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) and has not yet determined the effect on its consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 4 INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED AFFILIATES 

 Great Lakes and Northern Border are regulated by FERC and are operated by TransCanada. We use the equity method of accounting for our interests in our equity investees. 

Equity Earnings from Unconsolidated Affiliates 

Investment in Unconsolidated Affiliates 

Year ended December 31 

December 31 

Ownership 
Interest at 
December 31, 2014 

(millions of dollars) 

2014 

2013 

2012 

2014 

2013 

Northern Border (a) 
 
 50 

69 
 
 64 
 
 72 

505 
 
 523 

Great Lakes 
 
 46.45 

19 
 
 3 
 
 27 

672 
 
 672 

88 
 
 67 
 
 99 

1,177 
 
 1,195 

(a) Equity
earnings from Northern Border is net of the 12-year amortization of a 10 million transaction fee paid to the operator of Northern Border at
the time of the Partnership's additional 20 percent acquisition in April 2006. 

Northern Border 

 The Partnership owns a 50 percent general partner interest in Northern Border. The other 50 percent partnership interest in Northern Border is held by ONEOK
Partners, L.P., a publicly traded limited partnership. 

 TC PipeLines
Intermediate Limited Partnership, as one of the general partners, may be exposed to the commitments and contingencies of Northern Border. The Partnership
holds a 98.9899 percent limited partnership interest in TC PipeLines Intermediate Limited Partnership. 

 Northern
Border has a FERC-approved settlement agreement which established maximum long-term transportation rates and charges on the Northern Border system effective
January 1, 2013. The Northern Border Settlement also includes a three-year moratorium on filing rate cases and requires Northern Border to file for new rates no later than
January 1, 2018. 

The
Partnership recorded no undistributed earnings from Northern Border for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. 

 At
December 31, 2014, the Partnership had a 117 million (2013 118 million) difference between the carrying
value of Northern Border and the underlying equity in the net assets primarily resulting from the recognition and inclusion of goodwill in the Partnership's investment in Northern Border relating to
the Partnership's April 2006 acquisition of an additional 20 percent general partnership interest in Northern Border. 

 The
summarized financial information for Northern Border is as follows: 

December 31 (millions of dollars) 

2014 

2013 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

41 
 
 27 

Other current assets 

34 
 
 34 

Plant, property and equipment, net 

1,163 
 
 1,197 

Other assets 

34 
 
 33 

1,272 
 
 1,291 

Liabilities and Partners' Equity 

Current liabilities 

64 
 
 51 

Deferred credits and other 

22 
 
 19 

Long-term debt 

411 
 
 411 

Partners' equity 

Partners' capital 

777 
 
 812 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(2 

(2) 

1,272 
 
 1,291 

F-11 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

Year ended December 31 (millions of dollars) 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Transmission revenues 

293 
 
 286 
 
 311 

Operating expenses 

(72 

(75) 
 (79) 

Depreciation 

(59 

(58) 
 (63) 

Financial charges and other 

(22 

(23) 
 (24) 

Net income 

140 
 
 130 
 
 145 

Great Lakes 

 The Partnership owns a 46.45 percent general partner interest in Great Lakes. TransCanada owns the other 53.55 percent partnership interest. TC GL Intermediate
Limited Partnership, as one of the general partners, may be exposed to the commitments and contingencies of Great Lakes. The Partnership holds a 98.9899 percent limited partnership interest in
TC GL Intermediate Limited Partnership. 

 On
November 14, 2013, FERC approved a settlement between Great Lakes and its customers to modify its transportation rates effective November 1, 2013. The
settlement increases maximum recourse transportation rates by approximately 21 percent. The settlement includes a moratorium on filing rate cases or challenging the settlement rates until
March 31, 2015 and requires that Great Lakes file to have new rates in effect no later than January 1, 2018. 

 The
Partnership recorded no undistributed earnings from Great Lakes for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012. 

 At
December 31, 2014, the Partnership had a 458 million (2013 458 million) difference between the carrying
value of Great Lakes and the underlying equity in the net assets primarily resulting from the recognition and inclusion of goodwill in the Partnership's investment in Great Lakes relating to the
Partnership's February 2007 acquisition of a 46.45 percent general partner interest in Great Lakes. 

 The
Partnership made equity contributions to Great Lakes of 4 million and 5 million in the first and fourth quarter of 2014, respectively. These amounts
represent the Partnership's 46.45 percent share of a 9 million and 10 million cash call from Great Lakes to make scheduled debt repayments. 

 The
summarized financial information for Great Lakes is as follows: 

December 31 (millions of dollars) 

2014 

2013 

Assets 

Current assets 

66 
 
 52 

Plant, property and equipment, net 

748 
 
 771 

814 
 
 823 

Liabilities and Partners' Equity 

Current liabilities 

38 
 
 28 

Long-term debt, including current maturities 

316 
 
 335 

Partners' equity 

460 
 
 460 

814 
 
 823 

Year ended December 31 (millions of dollars) 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Transmission revenues 

146 
 
 124 
 
 182 

Operating expenses 

(53 

(60) 
 (66 

Depreciation 

(28 

(31) 
 (31 

Financial charges and other 

(25 

(27) 
 (28 

Net income 

40 
 
 6 
 
 57 

F-12 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

NOTE 5 PLANT, PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

 The following table includes plant, property and equipment from our consolidated subsidiaries. 

2014 

2013 

December 31 (millions of dollars) 

Cost 

Accumulated 
Depreciation 

Net Book 
Value 

Cost 

Accumulated 
Depreciation 

Net Book 
Value 

Pipeline 

2,038 

(574 

1,464 
 
 2,045 
 
 (522) 
 1,523 

Compression 

514 

(126 

388 
 
 520 
 
 (120) 
 400 

Metering and other 

145 

(37 

108 
 
 146 
 
 (32) 
 114 

Construction in progress 

8 

8 
 
 5 

5 

2,705 

(737 

1,968 
 
 2,716 
 
 (674) 
 2,042 

NOTE 6 ACQUISITIONS 

2014 Acquisition 

 On October 1, 2014, the Partnership acquired the remaining 30 percent interest in Bison from a subsidiary of TransCanada. The total purchase price of the 2014
Acquisition was 215 million plus purchase price adjustments of 2 million. The acquisition of Bison was financed through combinations of (i) net proceeds from the ATM Program
(refer to Note 9), and (ii) short-term financing (refer to Note 7). 

 Prior
to this transaction, the remaining 30 percent interest held by a subsidiary of TransCanada was reflected as non-controlling interest in the Partnership's
consolidated financial statements. The 2014 Acquisition of this already-consolidated entity was accounted as a transaction between entities under common control, similar to a pooling of interests,
whereby the acquired interest was recorded at TransCanada's carrying value and the total excess purchase price paid was recorded as a reduction in Partners' Equity. 

 The
purchase price was allocated as follows: 

(millions of dollars) 

Total cash consideration 
 
 217 

TransCanada's carrying value of non-controlling interest at October 1, 2014 
 
 188 

Excess purchase price 
 
 29 

The
excess purchase price of 29 million was recorded as a reduction in Partners' Equity. 

2013 Acquisition 

 On July 1, 2013, the Partnership acquired a 45 percent membership interest in each of GTN and Bison from subsidiaries of TransCanada, increasing the Partnership's
ownership in each GTN and Bison to 70 percent. The total purchase price of the 2013 Acquisition was 1,050 million plus purchase price adjustments. The purchase price consisted of
(i) 750 million for the GTN membership interest (less 146 million, which reflected 45 percent of GTN's outstanding debt at the time of the 2013 Acquisition),
(ii) 300 million for the membership interest in Bison, (iii) 17 million in working capital adjustments and (iv) Carty Lateral consideration of 25 million
(see below). 

 The
resulting 921 million (after working capital adjustments) paid by the Partnership was financed through a combination of (i) a public offering of
8,855,000 common units at 43.85 per common unit resulting in net proceeds of 373 million (refer to note 9), (ii) borrowing of 500 million in term loans (refer to
note 7), (iii) a capital contribution from the General Partner of 8 million which was required to maintain the General Partner's effective two percent general partner interest in
the Partnership (refer to note 9), and (iv) a draw on the Partnership's existing 500 million Senior Credit Facility and cash on hand. 

Pursuant
to the acquisition agreement between the Partnership and TransCanada relating to the Partnership's acquisition of an additional 45 percent membership
interest in GTN, the Partnership agreed to make an additional payment of 25 million to TransCanada if Portland General Electric Company executes a firm transportation service agreement by
December 31, 2014 containing agreed terms and relating to transportation on GTN's proposed Carty Lateral. On December 11, 2013, Portland General Electric Company executed this firm
transportation service agreement relating to transportation on GTN's proposed Carty Lateral. As a result, the Partnership paid an additional 25 million on April 11, 2014. This amount
was included in accounts payable to affiliates as of December 31, 2013. 

F-13 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

The
2013 Acquisition was accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control, similar to a pooling of interests, whereby the assets and liabilities of GTN
and Bison were recorded at TransCanada's carrying value and the Partnership's historical financial information, except net income per common unit, was recast to consolidate GTN and Bison for all
periods presented. 

 The
purchase price was recorded as follows: 

(millions of dollars) 

Current assets 
 
 67 

Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 1,792 

Other assets 
 
 1 

Current liabilities 
 
 (20) 

Other liabilities 
 
 (21) 

Long-term debt 
 
 (325) 

1,494 

Non-controlling interest 
 
 (448) 

Carrying value of pre-existing 25 interest in each of GTN and Bison 
 
 (374) 

Carrying value of acquired 45 interest in each of GTN and Bison 
 
 672 

Excess purchase price over net assets acquired (includes Carty Lateral consideration) 
 
 274 

Total cash consideration including 25 million Carty Lateral consideration 

946 

As
the fair market value for the additional 45 percent interests in each of GTN and Bison was greater than the acquired net assets of GTN and Bison by
 262 million and 12 million, respectively, the total excess purchase price of 274 million was recorded in Partners' Equity, including the Carty Lateral consideration. The
retrospective consolidation of GTN and Bison increased net income attributable to controlling interests by 26 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 and by 55 million for
the year ended December 31, 2012. These amounts are however excluded from equity attributable to controlling interests and did not impact historical net income per common unit as the
pre-acquisition earnings was allocated to TransCanada (refer to Note 12). 

NOTE 7 CREDIT FACILITIES, SHORT-TERM LOAN FACILITY AND LONG-TERM
DEBT 

December 31 (millions of dollars) 

2014 

2013 

Senior Credit Facility due 2017 

330 
 
 380 

Term Loan Facility due 2018 

500 
 
 500 

Short-Term Loan Facility due 2015 

170 

4.65 Unsecured Senior Notes due 2021 

350 
 
 349 

5.09 Unsecured Senior Notes due 2015 

75 
 
 75 

5.29 Unsecured Senior Notes due 2020 

100 
 
 100 

5.69 Unsecured Senior Notes due 2035 

150 
 
 150 

3.82 Series D Senior Notes due 2017 

20 
 
 24 

1,695 
 
 1,578 

Less: current portion 

249 
 
 3 

1,446 
 
 1,575 

The
Partnership's Senior Credit Facility consists of a 500 million senior revolving credit facility with a banking syndicate, maturing November 20, 2017,
under which 330 million was outstanding at December 31, 2014 (2013 380 million), leaving 170 million available for future
borrowing. 

 At
the Partnership's option, the interest rate on the outstanding borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility may be lenders' base rate or the London Interbank Offered Rate
(LIBOR) plus, in either case, an applicable margin that is based on the Partnership's long-term unsecured credit ratings. The Senior Credit Facility permits the Partnership to specify the portion of
the borrowings to be covered by specific interest rate options and, for LIBOR-based borrowings, to specify the interest rate period. The Partnership is required to pay a commitment fee based on its
credit rating and on the unused principal amount of the commitments under the Senior Credit Facility. The Senior Credit Facility has a feature whereby at any time, so long as no event of default has
occurred and is continuing, the Partnership may request an increase in the Senior Credit Facility of up to 250 million, but no lender has an obligation to increase their respective share of
the facility. 

F-14 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

The
LIBOR-based interest rate on the Senior Credit Facility averaged 1.41 percent for the year ended December 31, 2014
(2013 1.44 percent; 2012 1.61 percent). The interest rate was 1.41 percent at December 31,
2014 (December 31, 2013 1.42 percent). 

 On
July 1, 2013, the Partnership entered into a term loan agreement with a syndicate of lenders for a 500 million term loan credit facility (Term Loan
Facility). On July 2, 2013, the Partnership borrowed 500 million under the Term Loan Facility, to pay a portion of the purchase price of the 2013 Acquisition, maturing on July 1,
2018. The Term Loan Facility bears interest based, at the Partnership's election, on the LIBOR or the base rate plus, in either case, an applicable margin. The base rate equals the highest of
(i) SunTrust Bank's prime rate, (ii) 0.50 percent above the federal funds rate and (iii) 1.00 percent above one-month LIBOR. The applicable margin for the term loan
is based on the Partnership's senior debt rating and ranges between 1.125 percent and 2.000 percent for LIBOR borrowings and 0.125 percent and 1.000 percent for base rate
borrowings. 

 The
LIBOR-based interest rate on the Term Loan Facility averaged 1.41 percent for the year ended December 31, 2014
(2013 1.43 percent). After hedging activity, the interest rate incurred on the Term Loan Facility averaged 1.82 percent for the year ended
December 31, 2014 (2013 1.70 percent). Prior to hedging activities, the LIBOR-based interest rate was 1.41 percent at December 31,
2014 (December 31, 2013 1.42 percent). 

 On
October 1, 2014, the Partnership entered into a short-term loan agreement with a member of the syndicate of lenders for a 170 million term loan credit
facility (Short-Term Loan Facility). The Partnership borrowed 170 million under the Short-Term Loan Facility to pay a portion of the purchase price of the 2014 Acquisition and to reduce the
amount outstanding under our Senior Credit Facility. The outstanding principal bears interest based on the highest of (i) SunTrust Bank's prime rate, (ii) 0.50 percent above the
federal funds rate and (iii) 1.00 percent above one-month LIBOR. The Short-Term Loan Facility matures in 364-days. 

 The
LIBOR-based interest rate on the Short-Term Loan Facility averaged 1.28 percent for the period ended December 31, 2014 and was 1.28 percent at
December 31, 2014. 

 The
Senior Credit Facility, the Term Loan Facilities and Short-Term Loan Facility require the Partnership to maintain a leverage ratio (debt to adjusted cash flow
(net income plus cash distributions received, extraordinary losses, interest expense, expense for taxes paid or accrued, and depreciation and amortization expense less equity earnings and
extraordinary gains)) of no more than 5.00 to 1.00 at the end of each fiscal quarter. The permitted leverage ratio will increase to 5.50 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter in which a
specified material acquisition occurs and for the two fiscal quarters immediately following such acquisition, after which the permitted leverage ratio reverts to 5.00 to 1.00. The leverage ratio was
4.36 to 1.00 as of December 31, 2014. The Senior Credit Facility, the Term Loan Facility and Short-Term Loan Facility contain additional covenants that include restrictions on entering
into mergers, consolidations and sales of assets, granting liens, material amendments to the Partnership Agreement, incurrence of additional debt by the Partnership's subsidiaries and distributions to
unitholders. Upon any breach of these covenants, amounts outstanding under the Senior Credit Facility, the Term Loan Facility and Short-Term Loan Facility may become immediately due
and payable. 

 On
June 1, 2015, GTN's 5.09 percent unsecured Senior Notes will mature. As market conditions dictate, GTN intends to refinance all or portion of this debt with
either fixed-rate or variable rate debt. GTN's Senior Notes provisions contain a covenant that limits total debt to no greater than 70 percent of total capitalization. 

 The
Series D Senior Notes, which require yearly principal payments until its maturity, are secured by Tuscarora's transportation contracts, supporting agreements and
substantially all of Tuscarora's property. The note purchase agreements contain certain provisions that include, among other items, limitations on additional indebtedness and distributions
to partners. 

 At
December 31, 2014, the Partnership was in compliance with its financial covenants, in addition to the other covenants which include restrictions on entering into
mergers, consolidations and sales of assets, granting liens, material amendments to the second amended and restated agreement of limited partnership (Partnership Agreement), incurring additional debt
and distributions to unitholders. 

 The
principal repayments required by the Partnership on its debt are as follows: 

(millions of dollars) 

2015 

249 

2016 

4 

2017 

342 

2018 

500 

2019 

Thereafter 

600 

1,695 

F-15 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

NOTE 8 OTHER LIABILITIES 

December 31 (millions of dollars) 

2014 

2013 

Regulatory liabilities 

23 
 
 22 

Other liabilities 

3 
 
 2 

26 
 
 24 

The
Partnership collects estimated future removal costs related to its transmission and gathering facilities in its current rates and recognizes regulatory liabilities in
this respect in the balance sheet. Estimated costs associated with the future removal of transmission and gathering facilities are collected through depreciation as allowed by FERC. These amounts do
not represent asset retirement obligations as defined by FASB ASC 410, Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations . 

NOTE 9 PARTNERS' EQUITY 

 At December 31, 2014, Partners' equity included 63,561,546 common units (December 31, 2013 62,327,766 and 2012 -
53,472,766 common units), representing an effective 98 percent limited partner interest in the Partnership (including 5,797,106 common units held by the General Partner and
11,287,725 common units held indirectly by TransCanada) and an effective two percent general partner interest. In aggregate, the General Partner's interests represent an effective
10.9 percent ownership in the Partnership at December 31, 2014 (December 31, 2013 11.1 percent and
2012 12.6 percent). 

ATM Equity Issuance Program (ATM Program) 

 In August 2014, the Partnership entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the EDA) with five different financial institutions (Managers), Pursuant to which
the Partnership may from time to time, offer and sell common units having an aggregate offering price of up to 200 million. Sales of such common units will be made by means of ordinary
brokers' transactions on the NYSE at market prices, in block transactions or as otherwise agreed upon by one or more of the Managers and the Partnership. 

In
2014, the Partnership issued 1.3 million common units under the ATM Program generating net proceeds of approximately 72 million, plus an additional
 1 million from the General Partner's to maintain its effective two percent interest. The commissions to our sales agents were approximately 1 million. The net proceeds were used to
finance the 2014 Acquisition (refer to Note 6). 

Equity issuance in connection with the 2013 Acquisition 

 On May 22, 2013, the Partnership closed a public offering of 8,855,000 common units, including 1,155,000 common units purchased pursuant to the exercise of
the underwriters' option to purchase additional common units, at a price to the public of 43.85 per common unit for gross proceeds of 388 million and net proceeds of 373 million after
unit issuance costs. The General Partner maintained its effective two percent general partner interest in the Partnership by contributing 8 million to the Partnership in connection with the
offering. (Refer to Note 6). 

F-16 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

NOTE 10 ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPEREHENSIVE LOSS 

 The changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss (AOCL) by components are as follows: 

(millions of dollars) 

Cash flow 
hedges 

Balance at December 31, 2011 

(1 

Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications 

Amounts reclassified from AOCL (affected financial charges and other) 

Net other comprehensive loss 

Balance at December 31, 2012 

(1 

Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications 

Amounts reclassified from AOCL (affected financial charges and other) 

Net other comprehensive loss 

Balance at December 31, 2013 

(1 

Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications 

(1 

Amounts reclassified from AOCL (affected financial charges and other) 

Net other comprehensive loss 

(1 

Balance as of December 31, 2014 

(2 

NOTE 11 FINANCIAL CHARGES AND OTHER 

Year ended December 31 (millions of dollars) 

2014 

2013 (a) 

2012 (a) 

Interest expense 

48 
 
 42 
 
 40 

Amortization of debt issue costs 

1 
 
 1 
 
 1 

Net realized loss related to the interest rate swaps and options 

2 
 
 1 

Other 

(1 

(1) 

50 
 
 44 
 
 40 

(a) Recast
as discussed in Note 2 and Note 6. 

NOTE 12 NET INCOME PER COMMON UNIT 

 Net income per common unit is computed by dividing net income attributable to controlling interests, after deduction of the General Partner's allocation and net income
attributed to GTN's and Bison's former parent, by the weighted average number of common units outstanding. The General Partner's allocation is equal to an amount based upon the General Partner's
effective two percent general partner interest, plus an amount equal to incentive distributions. Incentive distributions are paid to the General Partner if quarterly cash distributions on the common
units exceed levels specified in the Partnership Agreement. In the year ended December 31, 2014, incentive distributions allocated to the General Partner were 1 million. No incentive
distributions were allocated to the General Partner in the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. 

F-17 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

Net
income per common unit was determined as follows: 

(millions of dollars, except per common unit amounts) 

2014 

2013 (a) 

2012 (a) 

Net income attributable to controlling interests 

172 
 
 155 
 
 192 

Net income attributed to GTN's and Bison's former parent (b) 

(26) 
 (55) 

Net income allocated to controlling interests (b) 

172 
 
 129 
 
 137 

Net income allocated to General Partner, including incentive distribution rights (IDRs) (c) 

4 
 
 3 
 
 3 

Net income allocable to common units 

168 
 
 126 
 
 134 

Weighted average common units outstanding (millions) basic and diluted 

62.7 
 
 58.9 
 
 53.5 

Net income per common unit basic and diluted 

2.67 
 
 2.13 
 
 2.51 

(a) Recast
as discussed in Note 2 and Note 6.
 (b) Net
income allocated to controlling interests excludes net income attributed to GTN's and Bison's former parent as it was allocated to TransCanada and was
not allocable to either the general partner or common units.
 (c) In
the calculation of basic and diluted net income per common unit, the net income allocated to the General Partner includes IDRs pertaining to the current
reporting period, but declared and paid in the subsequent period. 

NOTE 13 CASH DISTRIBUTIONS 

 The Partnership makes cash distributions to its partners with respect to each calendar quarter within 45 days after the end of each quarter. Distributions are based on
Available Cash, as defined in the Partnership Agreement, which includes all cash and cash equivalents of the Partnership and working capital borrowings less reserves established by the General
Partner. The Partnership declared a quarterly distribution of 0.81 per common unit based on the first quarter results of 2014 and 0.84 per common unit for the remainder of the quarters of 2014. The
quarterly distribution occurs if there is, and to the extent of, sufficient Available Cash. 

 As
an incentive, the General Partner's percentage interest in quarterly distributions is increased after certain specified target levels are met. Currently, the combined
general partner interest and incentive distribution interest payable to the General Partner is 15 percent to a maximum of 25 percent of all quarterly distributions of Available Cash that
exceed target levels of 0.81 and 0.88, respectively, per common unit. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2014, the Partnership distributed 3.30 per common unit (2013 3.18 per common unit;
2012 3.10 per common unit) for a total of 212 million (2013 188 million;
2012 169 million). The distributions paid for the year ended December 31, 2014 included incentive distributions to the General Partner of
 1 million. There were no incentive distributions paid to the General Partner in the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. Partnership income attributable to controlling interests is
allocated to the General Partner and the limited partners in accordance with their respective partnership percentages, after giving effect to any priority income allocations for incentive
distributions that are allocated 100 percent to the General Partner. 

NOTE 14 CHANGE IN OPERATING WORKING CAPITAL 

Year Ended December 31 (millions of dollars) 

2014 

2013 (a) 

2012 (a) 

Change in accounts receivable and other 

2 
 
 1 
 
 2 

Change in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

4 
 
 (9) 
 (2) 

Change in accounts payable to affiliates (b) 

11 
 
 (2) 

Change in accrued interest 

2 

Change in operating working capital 

17 
 
 (8) 

(a) Recast
as discussed in Note 2 and Note 6.
 (b) Excludes
Carty Lateral accrual of 25 million at December 31, 2013. 

F-18 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

NOTE 15 TRANSACTIONS WITH MAJOR CUSTOMERS 

 The following table shows revenues from the Partnership's major customers comprising more than 10 percent of the Partnership's total revenues for the years ended
December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012: 

Year Ended December 31 (millions of dollars) 

2014 

2013 (a) 

2012 (a) 

Anadarko Energy Services Company (Anadarko) 

48 
 
 48 
 
 48 

Pacific Gas and Electric Company (Pacific Gas) 

45 
 
 46 
 
 47 

(a) Recast
as discussed in Note 2 and Note 6. 

 At
December 31, 2014 and 2013, Anadarko and Pacific Gas each owed the Partnership approximately 4 million, which is greater than 10 of Accounts receivable
and other. 

NOTE 16 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

 The Partnership does not have any employees. The management and operating functions are provided by the General Partner. The General Partner does not receive a management fee in
connection with its management of the Partnership. The Partnership reimburses the General Partner for all costs of services provided, including the costs of employee, officer and director compensation
and benefits, and all other expenses necessary or appropriate to the conduct of the business of, and allocable to, the Partnership. Such costs include (i) overhead costs (such as office space
and equipment) and (ii) out-of-pocket expenses related to the provision of such services. The Partnership Agreement provides that the General Partner will determine the costs that are allocable
to the Partnership in any reasonable manner determined by the
General Partner in its sole discretion. Total costs charged to the Partnership by the General Partner were 3 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 (2013 and
2012 3 million). 

 As
operator, TransCanada's subsidiaries provide capital and operating services to GTN, Northern Border, Bison, Great Lakes, North Baja and Tuscarora (together, "our pipeline
systems"). TransCanada's subsidiaries incur costs on behalf of our pipeline systems, including, but not limited to, employee salary and benefit costs, and property and liability insurance costs. 

 Capital
and operating costs charged to our pipeline systems for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 by TransCanada's subsidiaries and amounts payable to
TransCanada's subsidiaries at December 31, 2014 and 2013 are summarized in the following tables: 

Year ended December 31 (millions of dollars) 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Capital and operating costs charged by TransCanada's subsidiaries to: 

GTN (a)(b) 

30 
 
 28 
 
 29 

Northern Border (a) 

35 
 
 30 
 
 31 

Bison (a)(b)(c) 

6 
 
 5 
 
 6 

Great Lakes (a) 

30 
 
 31 
 
 33 

North Baja 

5 
 
 4 
 
 4 

Tuscarora 

4 
 
 4 
 
 4 

Impact on the Partnership's net income attributable to controlling interests: 

GTN (b) 

19 
 
 19 
 
 19 

Northern Border 

16 
 
 14 
 
 14 

Bison (b)(c) 

4 
 
 4 
 
 4 

Great Lakes 

13 
 
 14 
 
 15 

North Baja 

4 
 
 4 
 
 4 

Tuscarora 

4 
 
 4 
 
 4 

F-19 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

December 31 (millions of dollars) 

2014 

2013 

Amount payable to TransCanada's subsidiaries for costs charged in the year by: 

GTN (a) 

10 
 
 3 

Northern Border (a) 

10 
 
 3 

Bison (a) 

2 

Great Lakes (a) 

9 
 
 3 

North Baja 

1 
 
 1 

Tuscarora 

1 

(a) Represents
100 percent of the costs.
 (b) Recast
as discussed in Note 2 and Note 6.
 (c) In
2014, the Partnership acquired remaining 30 percent interest in Bison. See discussion in Note 6. 

 Great
Lakes' earns transportation revenues from TransCanada and its affiliates under contracts, some of which are provided at discounted rates and some at maximum recourse
rates. Great Lakes earned 71 million of transportation revenues under these contracts in 2014 (2013 68 million;
2012 77 million). This amount represents 49 percent of total revenues earned by Great Lakes in 2014
(2013 55 percent; 2012 42 percent). Great Lakes also earned 2 million in affiliated rental revenue
in 2014 (2013 and 2012 1 million). 

 Revenue
from TransCanada and its affiliates of 34 million is included in the Partnership's equity earnings from Great Lakes in 2014
(2013 32 million; 2012 36 million). At December 31, 2014, 15 million was included in
Great Lakes' receivables in regards to the transportation contracts with TransCanada and its affiliates (2013 11 million). 

Effective
November 1, 2014, Great Lakes executed contracts with its affiliate, ANR Pipeline Company (ANR) to provide seasonal firm service between Michigan and
Wisconsin. These contracts were at the maximum FERC authorized rate and were intended to replace historical contracts. On December 3, 2014, the FERC accepted and suspended Great Lakes' tariff
records to become effective May 3, 2015, subject to refund. On January 2, 2015, Great Lakes submitted a request for rehearing and clarification with FERC. On February 2, 2015 FERC
issued an Order granting rehearing to allow for additional time for FERC to consider the request. Until Great Lakes obtains clarification from FERC or a settlement is reached and approved, it is
providing service to ANR under multiple service agreements and rates. Great Lakes has deferred 9.4 million of revenue under such agreements that may not be collected. 

At
December 31, 2013, the Partnership accrued 25 million of additional consideration in accordance with the 2013 Acquisition with respect to Carty Lateral.
This amount was payable to a subsidiary of TransCanada and was included in accounts payable to affiliates as of December 31, 2013 (refer to Note 6). This amount was paid in full in
April 2014. 

 Bison's
former parent made an equity contribution to Bison of 18 million in the second quarter of 2013. This amount represents the former parent's 75 percent
share of a 24 million cash call from Bison to repay inter-affiliate debt primarily related to pipeline construction costs, including reclamation and restoration work. 

 Effective
October 1, 2013, GTN and Bison participated in the Partnership's cash management program. Prior to this, GTN and Bison were part of TransCanada's cash
management program. This program matches short-term cash surpluses and borrowing requirements of participating subsidiaries, thus minimizing total borrowing from outside sources. Funds advanced under
the program are considered to be a loan, accruing interest and repayable on demand. GTN and Bison will receive interest on funds advanced to the Partnership at the rate of interest earned by the
Partnership on its short-term cash investments and will pay interest on funds advanced from the Partnership based on the Partnership's short-term borrowing costs. At December 31, 2014 and 2013,
GTN and Bison did not have any demand loan receivable from an affiliate or a demand loan payable to an affiliate. 

F-20 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

NOTE 17 QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (unaudited) 

 The following sets forth selected unaudited financial data for the four quarters in 2014 and 2013: 

Quarter ended (millions of dollars except per common unit amounts) 

Mar 31 

Jun 30 

Sept 30 

Dec 31 

2014 

Transmission revenues 

87 

82 

80 

87 

Equity earnings 

33 

18 

15 

22 

Net income 

67 

45 

39 

53 

Net income attributable to controlling interests 

57 

37 

31 

47 

Net income per common unit 

0.90 

0.58 

0.48 

0.71 

Cash distribution paid 

52 

52 

54 

54 

2013 

Transmission revenues (a) 
 
 86 
 
 82 
 
 85 
 
 88 

Equity earnings (a) 
 
 18 
 
 15 
 
 15 
 
 19 

Net income (a) 
 
 53 
 
 42 
 
 46 
 
 50 

Net income attributable to controlling interests (a) 
 
 43 
 
 34 
 
 37 
 
 41 

Net income per common unit 
 
 0.52 
 
 0.40 
 
 0.58 
 
 0.63 

Cash distributions paid 
 
 43 
 
 43 
 
 52 
 
 52 

(a) Recast
as discussed in Note 2 and Note 6. 

NOTE 18 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

(a) Fair Value Hierarchy 

Under ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, fair value measurements are characterized in one of three levels based upon the input used to arrive at the measurement.
The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

Level 1
inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access at the measurement date.
 Level 2
inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
or indirectly.
 Level 3
inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 

 When
appropriate, valuations are adjusted for various factors including credit considerations. Such adjustments are generally based on available market evidence. In the
absence of such evidence, management's best estimate is used. 

(b) Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

 The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and other, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accounts payable to affiliates, and accrued interest
approximate their fair values because of the short maturity or duration of these instruments, or because the instruments bear a variable rate of interest or a rate that approximates current rates. The
fair value of the Partnership's long-term debt is estimated by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at estimated current borrowing rates. The fair value of interest rate derivatives is
calculated using the income approach which uses period-end market rates and applies a discounted cash flow valuation model. 

F-21 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

The
estimated fair value of the Partnership's long-term debt as at December 31, 2014 and 2013 are as follows: 

2014 

2013 

December 31 (millions of dollars) 

Carrying Value 

Fair Value 

Carrying Value 

Fair Value 

Senior Credit Facility due 2017 

330 

330 
 
 380 
 
 380 

Term Loan Facility due 2018 

500 

500 
 
 500 
 
 500 

Short-Term Loan Facility due 2015 

170 

170 

4.65 Senior Notes due 2021 

350 

375 
 
 349 
 
 353 

5.09 Unsecured Senior Notes due 2015 

75 

76 
 
 75 
 
 79 

5.29 Unsecured Senior Notes due 2020 

100 

111 
 
 100 
 
 106 

5.69 Unsecured Senior Notes due 2035 

150 

168 
 
 150 
 
 154 

3.82 Series D Senior Notes due 2017 

20 

21 
 
 24 
 
 25 

1,695 

1,751 
 
 1,578 
 
 1,597 

Long-term
debt is recorded at amortized cost and classified in Level II of the fair value hierarchy for fair value disclosure purposes. Interest rate derivative
assets and liabilities are classified in Level II for all periods presented where the fair value is determined by using valuation techniques that refer to observable market data or estimated
market prices. 

 Market
risk is the risk that changes in market interest rates may result in fluctuations in the fair values or cash flows of financial instruments. The Partnership's
floating rate debt is subject to LIBOR benchmark interest rate risk. The Partnership uses interest rate derivatives to manage its exposure to interest rate risk. We regularly assess the impact of
interest rate fluctuations on future cash flows and evaluate hedging opportunities to mitigate our interest rate risk. 

 The
interest rate swaps are structured such that the cash flows of the derivative instruments match those of the variable rate of interest on the Term Loan Facility. The
Partnership hedged interest payments on 150 million of variable-rate Term Loan Facility with interest rate swaps effective September 3, 2013 and maturing July 1, 2018, at a
weighted average fixed interest rate of 2.79 percent. At December 31, 2014, the fair value of the interest rate swaps accounted for as cash flow hedges was a liability of
 1 million (both on a gross and net basis) (December 31, 2013 less than 1 million; 2012 nil). In
2014, the Partnership did not record any amounts in net income related to ineffectiveness for interest rate hedges. The change in fair value of interest rate derivative instruments recognized in other
comprehensive income was a loss of 1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 (2013 less than 1 million;
2012 nil). In 2014, the net realized loss related to the interest rate swaps was 2 million and was included in financial charges and other
(2013 1 million; 2012 nil). 

 The
Partnership has no master netting agreements, however, contracts contain provisions with rights of offset. The Partnership has elected to present the fair value of
derivative instruments with the right to offset on a gross basis in the balance sheet. Had the Partnership elected to present these instruments on a net basis, there would be no effect on the
consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2014 and 2013. 

 Counterparty
credit risk represents the financial loss that the Partnership would experience if a counterparty to a financial instrument failed to meet its obligations in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the financial instruments with the
Partnership. Our maximum counterparty credit exposure with respect to financial instruments at the balance sheet date consists primarily of the carrying amount, which approximates fair value, of
non-derivative financial assets, such as accounts receivable, as well as the fair value of derivative financial assets. We review our accounts receivable regularly and record allowances for doubtful
accounts using the specific identification method. At December 31, 2014, we had not incurred any significant credit losses and had no significant amounts past due or impaired. At
December 31, 2014, the Partnership's maximum counterparty credit exposure consisted of accounts receivable of 35 million
(2013 37 million). 

NOTE 19 ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND OTHER 

December 31 (millions of dollars) 

2014 

2013 

Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance of nil 

30 
 
 33 

Accounts receivable from affiliates 

1 

Other 

4 
 
 4 

35 
 
 37 

F-22 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

NOTE 20 REGULATORY MATTERS 

 North Baja On January 6, 2014, FERC approved North Baja's application to temporarily
abandon compression associated with the original design of its pipeline system. This temporary abandonment will preserve replacement options while reducing maintenance requirements and related
expenses without any reduction in capacity or impact to existing firm transportation service. 

NOTE 21 CONTINGENCIES 

 In December 2009, PacifiCorp filed suit against GTN and Northwest Pipeline in Oregon State Court for approximately 7 million for alleged damage to equipment at
its natural gas generating facility in Hermiston, Oregon. Upon GTN motion, the case was removed to the U.S. District Court for the District of Oregon and was scheduled for trial in
March 2014. However, in February 2014, the parties settled all claims in the case. The impact on the Partnership's consolidated results was not material. 

NOTE 22 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

 Management of the Partnership has reviewed subsequent events through February 27, 2015, the date the financial statements were issued, and concluded there were no events
or transactions during this period that would require recognition or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements other than what is disclosed here and/or those already disclosed in the
preceding notes. 

 On
January 22, 2015, the board of directors of our General Partner declared the Partnership's fourth quarter 2014 cash distribution in the amount of 0.84 per common
unit. The fourth quarter cash distribution, which was paid on February 13, 2015 to unitholders of record as of February 3, 2015, totaled 55 million and was paid in the following
manner: 54 million to common unitholders (including 5 million to the General Partner as holder of 5,797,106 common units and 9 million to another subsidiary of
TransCanada as holder of 11,287,725 common units) and 1 million to the General Partner in respect of its effective two percent general partner interest, which included IDRs of
nil million. 

 GTN
declared its fourth quarter 2014 distribution of 31 million on January 8, 2015, of which the Partnership received its 70 percent share or
 21 million. The distribution was paid on February 2, 2015. 

 Northern
Border declared its fourth quarter 2014 distribution of 43 million on January 12, 2015, of which the Partnership received its 50 percent share
or 21 million. The distribution was paid on February 2, 2015. 

 Great
Lakes declared its fourth quarter 2014 distribution of 17 million on January 8, 2015, of which the Partnership received its 46.45 percent share
or 8 million. The distribution was paid on February 2, 2015. 

 On
February 24, 2015, the Partnership entered into an agreement to acquire the remaining 30 percent interest in GTN from TransCanada for 446 million
comprised of 253 million in cash, the assumption of 98 million in proportional GTN debt and the issuance of 95 million of new Class B units to TransCanada. The
Partnership plans to fund the cash portion of the transaction through a combination of debt and common equity. The Class B units will be entitled to distribution based on 30 percent of
GTN's annual distributions as follows: i) for the first five years, 100 percent of distributions above 20 million; and ii) for subsequent years, 25 percent of
distributions above 20 million. The transaction is expected to close on April 1, 2015. 

 The
transaction was approved by the Board of Directors of the General Partner, based on approval and recommendation from the Board's conflicts committee which is comprised
entirely of independent directors. 

F-23 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

NORTHERN BORDER PIPELINE COMPANY 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT 

 The Management Committee 
Northern Border Pipeline Company: 

Report on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Northern Border Pipeline Company (the Company), which comprise the balance sheets as of December 31, 2014
and 2013, and the related statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in partners' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2014, and the
related notes to the financial statements. 

Management's Responsibility for the Financial Statements 

 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; this
includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error. 

 Auditors' Responsibility 

 Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material
misstatement. 

 An
audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the
auditors' judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers
internal control relevant to the entity's preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting
policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. 

 We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 

 Opinion 

 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Northern Border Pipeline Company as of
December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2014, in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

 /s/
KPMG LLP 
Houston, Texas 
February 23, 2015 

F-24 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

NORTHERN BORDER PIPELINE COMPANY 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, (In thousands) 

2014 

2013 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

41,386 
 
 26,660 

Accounts receivable 

23,732 
 
 24,872 

Related party receivables 

1,597 
 
 1,739 

Materials and supplies, at cost 

5,539 
 
 5,469 

Prepaid expenses and other 

2,350 
 
 2,198 

Total current assets 

74,604 
 
 60,938 

Property, plant and equipment: 

In service natural gas transmission plant 

2,582,570 
 
 2,565,331 

Construction work in progress 

505 
 
 1,091 

Total property, plant and equipment 

2,583,075 
 
 2,566,422 

Less: Accumulated provision for depreciation and amortization 

1,419,998 
 
 1,369,102 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

1,163,077 
 
 1,197,320 

Other assets: 

Regulatory assets 

32,225 
 
 30,337 

Unamortized debt expense 

1,894 
 
 2,338 

Other 

9 

Total other assets 

34,128 
 
 32,675 

Total assets 

1,271,809 
 
 1,290,933 

LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

12,140 
 
 6,305 

Related party payables 

9,633 
 
 3,037 

Accrued taxes other than income 

33,907 
 
 31,168 

Accrued interest 

6,874 
 
 6,948 

Other 

1,081 
 
 3,481 

Total current liabilities 

63,635 
 
 50,939 

Long-term debt 

411,195 
 
 411,161 

Deferred credits and other liabilities: 

Regulatory liabilities 

19,652 
 
 17,110 

Other 

2,821 
 
 2,116 

Total deferred credits and other liabilities 

22,473 
 
 19,226 

Commitments and contingencies 

Partners' equity: 

Partners' capital 

776,569 
 
 811,898 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(2,063 

(2,291) 

Total partners' equity 

774,506 
 
 809,607 

Total liabilities and partners' equity 

1,271,809 
 
 1,290,933 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-25 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

NORTHERN BORDER PIPELINE COMPANY 

STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Operating revenue 

293,318 
 
 285,849 
 
 310,869 

Operating expenses: 

Operations and maintenance 

48,720 
 
 51,710 
 
 55,658 

Depreciation and amortization 

58,752 
 
 58,231 
 
 63,090 

Taxes other than income 

23,383 
 
 23,052 
 
 23,069 

Operating expenses 

130,855 
 
 132,993 
 
 141,817 

Operating income 

162,463 
 
 152,856 
 
 169,052 

Interest expense: 

Interest expense 

26,565 
 
 27,286 
 
 27,547 

Interest expense capitalized 

(53 

(90) 
 (84) 

Interest expense, net 

26,512 
 
 27,196 
 
 27,463 

Other income (expense): 

Allowance for equity funds used during construction 

176 
 
 289 
 
 313 

Other income 

3,605 
 
 4,176 
 
 3,570 

Other expense 

(95 

(32) 
 (62) 

Other income, net 

3,686 
 
 4,433 
 
 3,821 

Net income to partners 

139,637 
 
 130,093 
 
 145,410 

NORTHERN BORDER PIPELINE COMPANY 

STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Net income to partners 

139,637 
 
 130,093 
 
 145,410 

Other comprehensive income: 

Changes associated with hedging transactions 

228 
 
 212 
 
 197 

Total comprehensive income 

139,865 
 
 130,305 
 
 145,607 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-26 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

NORTHERN BORDER PIPELINE COMPANY 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 

2014 

2013 

2012 

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income to partners 

139,637 

130,093 

145,410 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to partners to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

58,752 

58,263 

63,122 

Allowance for equity funds used during construction 

(176 

(289) 
 
 (313) 

Changes in components of working capital 

6,135 

(470) 
 
 922 

Other 

583 

729 

2,052 

Total adjustments 

65,294 

58,233 

65,783 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

204,931 

188,326 

211,193 

CASH FLOW USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment, net 

(21,012 

(20,683) 
 
 (24,192) 

Other 

5,773 

(542) 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(15,239 

(21,225) 
 
 (24,192) 

CASH FLOW USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Equity contributions from partners 

61,500 

Distributions to partners 

(174,966 

(168,832) 
 
 (191,385) 

Proceeds from issuance of debt 

23,000 

45,000 

25,000 

Repayment of debt 

(23,000 

(106,500) 
 
 (25,000) 

Debt issuance costs 

(40) 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(174,966 

(168,832) 
 
 (191,425) 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

14,726 

(1,731) 
 
 (4,424) 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

26,660 

28,391 

32,815 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

41,386 

26,660 

28,391 

Supplemental disclosure for cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest, net of amount capitalized 

25,881 

26,510 

27,022 

Accruals for property, plant and equipment 

2,529 

Changes in components of working capital: 

Accounts receivable 

1,140 

1,651 

1,165 

Related party receivables 

141 

(1,246) 
 
 146 

Materials and supplies 

(70 

(181) 
 
 (150) 

Prepaid expenses and other 

(152 

179 

(196) 

Accounts payable 

(103 

(788) 
 
 (684) 

Related party payables 

6,596 

(551) 
 
 193 

Accrued taxes other than income 

(173 

(960) 
 
 (597) 

Accrued interest 

(75 

17 

(192) 

Other current liabilities 

(1,169 

1,409 

1,237 

Total 

6,135 

(470) 
 
 922 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-27 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

NORTHERN BORDER PIPELINE COMPANY 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN PARTNERS' EQUITY 

(In thousands) 

TC PipeLines 
Intermediate 
Limited 
Partnership 

ONEOK 
Partners 
Intermediate 
Limited 
Partnership 

Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income (Loss) 

Total 
Partners' 
Equity 

Partners' equity at December 31, 2011 
 
 417,556 
 
 417,556 
 
 (2,700) 
 832,412 

Net income to partners 
 
 72,705 
 
 72,705 

145,410 

Changes associated with hedging transactions 

197 
 
 197 

Distributions paid 
 
 (95,692) 
 (95,693) 

(191,385) 

Partners' equity at December 31, 2012 
 
 394,569 
 
 394,568 
 
 (2,503) 
 786,634 

Net income to partners 
 
 65,046 
 
 65,047 

130,093 

Changes associated with hedging transactions 

212 
 
 212 

Equity contributions received 
 
 30,750 
 
 30,750 

61,500 

Distributions paid 
 
 (84,416) 
 (84,416) 

(168,832) 

Partners' equity at December 31, 2013 
 
 405,949 
 
 405,949 
 
 (2,291) 
 809,607 

Net income to partners 
 
 69,818 
 
 69,819 

139,637 

Changes associated with hedging transactions 

228 
 
 228 

Distributions paid 
 
 (87,483) 
 (87,483) 

(174,966) 

Partners' equity at December 31, 2014 

388,284 

388,285 

(2,063) 

774,506 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-28 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

NORTHERN BORDER PIPELINE COMPANY 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 

 In this report, references to "we," "us" or "our" collectively refer to Northern Border Pipeline Company. 

 We
are a Texas general partnership formed in 1978. We own a 1,259-mile natural gas transmission pipeline system, which includes an additional 149 pipeline miles
parallel to the original system, extending from the United States-Canadian border near Port of Morgan, Montana, to a terminus near North Hayden, Indiana. 

The
ownership and voting percentages of our partners at December 31, 2014 and 2013 are as follows: 

Partner 

Ownership 

ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership (ONEOK Partners) 
 
 50 

TC PipeLines Intermediate Limited Partnership (TC PipeLines) 
 
 50 

We
are managed by a Management Committee that consists of four members. Each partner designates two members, and TC PipeLines designates one of its members
as chairman 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

(a) Use of Estimates 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make assumptions and use estimates that
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from
these estimates if the underlying assumptions are incorrect. 

(b) Government Regulation 

 We are subject to regulation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Our accounting policies conform to Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards
Codification (ASC) 980, Regulated Operations . Accordingly, certain assets and liabilities that result from the regulated ratemaking process are reflected
on the balance sheets as regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities. 

 The
following table presents a summary of regulatory assets, net of amortization, at December 31, 2014 and 2013: 

December 31, 

Remaining 
recovery/ 
settlement 
period 

2014 

2013 

(In thousands) 
 
 (Years) 

Fort Peck lease option 

13,102 

13,420 
 
 36 

Pipeline extension project 

3,229 

3,691 
 
 7 

Volumetric fuel tracker 

1,582 

1,992 
 
 Note 1 

South Dakota use tax assessment 

14,312 

11,234 
 
 Note 2 

Total regulatory assets 

32,225 

30,337 

Note 1)
Volumetric fuel tracker assets or liabilities are settled with in-kind exchanges with customers continually 

 Note 2)
The South Dakota use tax assessment recovery period will be determined at the conclusion of legal proceedings on the matter 

 At
December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, we have reflected a regulatory liability of 19.6 million and 17.1 million on the balance sheets, related
to negative salvage accrued for estimated net costs of removal of transmission plant. The settlement period for negative salvage value is related to the estimated life of the assets. See the Property,
Plant and Equipment and Related Depreciation and Amortization policy in this note for further discussion of negative salvage. 

F-29 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

We
assess the recoverability of costs recognized as regulatory assets and liabilities and the ability to continue to account for our activities based on the criteria set
forth in ASC 980, which includes such factors as regulatory changes and the impact of competition. Our review of these criteria currently supports the continuing application of ASC 980. If we cease to
meet the criteria of ASC 980, the related regulatory assets and liabilities would be charged or credited to the statement of income. 

(c) Trade Accounts Receivable 

 Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses on accounts
receivable and for natural gas imbalances due from shippers and operators if it is determined we will not collect all or part of the outstanding receivable balance. We regularly review our allowance
for doubtful accounts and establish or adjust the allowance as necessary using the specific-identification method. Account balances are charged to the allowance after all means of collection have been
exhausted and the potential for recovery is no longer considered probable. Accounts written off for 2014 and 2013 were not material to our financial statements. 

(d) Revenue Recognition 

 Our revenues are primarily generated from transportation services. Revenues for all services are based on the quantity of gas delivered or subscribed at a price specified in the
contract. For our transportation services, reservation revenues are recognized on firm contracted capacity ratably over the contract period regardless of the amount of natural gas that is transported.
We do not take ownership of the gas that is transported. For interruptible or volumetric-based services, we record revenues when physical deliveries of natural gas and other commodities
are made at the agreed-upon delivery point. We are subject to FERC regulations, and as a result, revenues we collect may be subject to refund in a rate proceeding. We establish provisions for these
potential refunds. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, there are no provisions reflected in these financial statements. 

(e) Income Taxes 

 Income taxes are the responsibility of our partners and are not reflected in these financial statements. 

(f) Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. 

(g) Materials and Supplies 

 Materials and supplies are valued at cost with cost determined using the average cost method. 

(h) Property, Plant and Equipment and Related Depreciation and
Amortization 

 Property, plant, and equipment are recorded at their original cost of construction. For assets we construct, direct costs are capitalized, such as labor and materials, and
indirect costs, such as overhead, interest, and an equity return component on regulated businesses as allowed by the FERC. We capitalize major units of property replacements or improvements and
expense minor items. 

 We
use the composite (group) method to depreciate property, plant, and equipment. Under this method, assets with similar lives and characteristics are grouped and
depreciated as one asset. The depreciation rate is applied to the total cost of the group until its net book value equals its salvage value. All asset groups are depreciated using depreciation rates
approved in our last rate proceeding. As a result of the Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement (Northern Border Settlement, see Note 3), the composite depreciation rate was reduced to
2.19 percent from 2.40 percent. For the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, our depreciation rates range from 2.02 percent to 20 percent. For the year ended
December 31, 2012, our depreciation rates range from 2.25 percent to 20 percent per year. Using these rates, the remaining depreciable life of these assets ranges from 1 to
40 years. 

 When
property, plant, and equipment are retired, we charge accumulated depreciation and amortization for the original cost of the assets in addition to the cost to remove,
sell, or dispose of the assets, less their salvage value. We do not recognize a gain or loss unless an entire operating unit is sold or retired. We include gains or losses on dispositions of operating
units in income. 

 We
capitalize a carrying cost on funds invested in the construction of long-lived assets. This carrying cost includes a return on the investment financed by debt and equity
allowance for funds used during construction (AFUDC). AFUDC is calculated based on the Company's average cost of debt and equity. Capitalized carrying costs for AFUDC debt and equity are reflected as
an increase in the cost of the asset on the balance sheet. 

F-30 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

(i) Long-lived Assets 

 Long-lived assets, such as property, plant, and equipment, and purchased intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group be tested for possible impairment, we first compare
undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group to its carrying value. If the carrying value of the long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable on an undiscounted
cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying value exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques including discounted cash flow
models, quoted market values and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary. 

(j) Asset Retirement Obligation 

 We account for asset retirement obligations pursuant to the provisions of ASC 410-20, Asset Retirement Obligations . ASC
410-20 requires us to record the fair value of an asset retirement obligation as a liability in the period in which we incur a legal obligation associated with the retirement of tangible
long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction, development, and/or normal use of the assets. ASC 410-20 also requires us to record a corresponding asset that is depreciated
over the life of the asset. Subsequent to the initial measurement of the asset retirement obligation, the obligation is to be adjusted at the end of each period to reflect the passage of time and
changes in the estimated future cash flows underlying the obligation. 

 The
fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recorded during the period in which the liability is incurred, if a reasonable estimate of fair value can
be made. We have determined that asset retirement obligations exist for certain of our transmission assets; however, the fair value of the obligations cannot be determined because the end of the
transmission system life is not determinable with the degree of accuracy necessary to currently establish a liability for the obligations. 

 We
have determined we have legal obligations associated with our natural gas pipelines and related transmission facilities. The obligations relate primarily to purging and
sealing the pipelines if they are abandoned. We are also required to operate and maintain our natural gas pipeline system, and intend to do so as long as supply and demand for natural gas exists,
which we expect for the foreseeable future. Therefore, we believe our natural gas pipeline system assets have indeterminate lives and, accordingly, have recorded no asset retirement liabilities as of
December 31, 2014 and 2013. We continue to evaluate our asset retirement obligations and future developments that could impact amounts we record. 

(k) Natural Gas Imbalances 

 Natural gas imbalances occur when the actual amount of natural gas delivered or received by a pipeline system differs from the amount of natural gas scheduled to be delivered or
received. We value these imbalances due to or from shippers and interconnecting parties at current index prices. Imbalances are made up in-kind, subject to the terms of our tariff. 

Imbalances
due from others are reported on the balance sheets as accounts receivable and related party receivables. Imbalances owed to others are reported on the balance
sheets as accounts payable and related party payables. In addition, we classify all imbalances as current as we expect to settle them within a year. 

(l) Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 

 We recognize all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet at their respective fair values. For derivatives designated in hedging
relationships, changes in the fair value are either offset through earnings against the change in fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk being hedged or recognized in accumulated other
comprehensive income, to the extent the derivative is effective at offsetting the changes in cash flows being hedged until the hedged item affects earnings. 

 We
only enter into derivative contracts that we intend to designate as a hedge of a forecasted transaction or the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to
a recognized asset or liability (cash flow hedge). For all hedging relationships, we formally document the hedging relationship and its risk-management objective and strategy for undertaking the
hedge, the hedging instrument, the hedged transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged, how the hedging instrument's effectiveness in offsetting the hedged risk will be assessed prospectively and
retrospectively, and a description of the method used to measure ineffectiveness. We also formally assess, both at the inception of the hedging relationship and on an ongoing basis, whether the
derivatives that are used in hedging relationships are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged transactions. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as part
of a cash flow hedging relationship, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of other comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings in the same
period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses on the derivative representing either hedge ineffectiveness or hedge components excluded from the assessment of
effectiveness are recognized in current earnings. 

F-31 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

We
discontinue hedge accounting prospectively when we determine that the derivative is no longer effective in offsetting cash flows attributable to the hedged risk, the
derivative expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised, the cash flow hedge is de-designated because a forecasted transaction is not probable of occurring, or management determines to remove the
designation of the cash flow hedge. 

 In
all situations in which hedge accounting is discontinued and the derivative remains outstanding, we continue to carry the derivative at its fair value on the balance
sheet and recognize any subsequent changes in its fair value in earnings. When it is
probable that a forecasted transaction will not occur, we discontinue hedge accounting and recognize immediately in earnings gains and losses that were accumulated in other comprehensive income
related to the hedging relationship. 

(m) Debt Issuance Costs 

 Costs related to the issuance of debt are deferred and amortized using the effective-interest rate method over the term of the related debt. 

 We
amortize premiums, discounts and expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of debt consistent with the terms of the respective debt instrument. 

(n) Operating Leases 

 We have non-cancelable operating leases for office space and rights-of-way. We record rent expense straight-line over the life of the lease. 

(o) Contingencies 

 Our accounting for contingencies covers a variety of business activities including contingencies for legal exposures and environmental exposures. We accrue these contingencies
when our assessments indicate that it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset will not be recovered and an amount can be reasonably estimated. We base our estimates on currently
available facts and our estimates of the ultimate outcome or resolution. Actual results may differ from our estimates resulting in an impact, positive or negative, on earnings. 

3. RATES AND REGULATORY ISSUES 

 The FERC regulates the rates and charges for transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce. Natural gas companies may not charge rates that have been determined to be
unjust and unreasonable by the FERC. Generally, rates for interstate pipelines are based on the cost of service, including recovery of and a return on the pipeline's actual prudent historical cost
investment. The rates and terms and conditions for service are found in each pipeline's FERC-approved tariff. Under its tariff, an interstate pipeline is allowed to charge for its services on the
basis of stated transportation rates. Transportation rates are established periodically in FERC proceedings known as rate cases. The tariff also allows the interstate pipeline to provide services
under negotiated and discounted rates. 

 Effective
January 1, 2013, we implemented new rates as a result of our Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement. The settlement includes a three-year moratorium on
rate changes and requires us to file for new rates no later than January 1, 2018. The settlement establishes maximum long-term transportation rates on our system and current transportation
rates will be reduced by
approximately 11 percent. In addition, the composite depreciation rate was reduced to 2.19 percent from 2.40 percent, which prospectively increases the depreciable life of
our assets. 

 The
compressor usage surcharge rate is designed to recover the actual costs of electricity at our electric compressors and any compressor fuel use taxes imposed on our
pipeline system. Any difference between the compressor usage surcharge collected and the actual costs for electricity and compressor fuel use taxes is recorded as either an increase to expense for an
over recovery of actual costs or as a decrease to expense for an under recovery of actual costs, and is included in operations and maintenance expense on the income statement and as either an other
current liability or a current asset classified as prepaid expense and other, respectively, on the balance sheets. The compressor usage surcharge rate is adjusted annually. The current liability or
current asset will reflect the net over or under recovery of actual compressor usage related costs at the date of the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, we had recorded
 1.1 million and 2.3 million, respectively, as other current liabilities on the accompanying balance sheet for the net over recovery of compressor usage related costs. 

4. MAJOR CUSTOMERS 

 For the year ended December 31, 2014, shippers providing significant operating revenues were BP Canada and Tenaska Marketing Ventures with revenues of
 24.9 million and 23.4 million, respectively. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2013, shippers providing significant operating revenues were Tenaska Marketing Ventures and BP Canada with revenues of
 28.8 million and 23.9 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2012, shippers providing significant operating revenues were Tenaska Marketing Ventures and BP
Canada with revenues of 34.2 million and 27.1 million, respectively. 

F-32 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

5. CREDIT FACILITIES AND LONG-TERM DEBT 

 Detailed information on long-term debt is as follows: 

December 31, (In thousands) 

2014 

2013 

2011 Credit Agreement average interest rate of 1.385 
 at December 31, 2014 due 2016 

61,500 
 
 61,500 

2009 Senior Notes 6.24 , due 2016 

100,000 
 
 100,000 

2001 Senior Notes 7.50 , due 2021 

250,000 
 
 250,000 

Unamortized debt discount 

(305 

(339) 

Long-term debt 

411,195 
 
 411,161 

On
November 16, 2011, we entered into a 200 million amended and restated revolving credit agreement (2011 Credit Agreement) with certain financial
institutions. The 2011 Credit Agreement was used to refinance the outstanding indebtedness under our 250 million revolving credit agreement dated as of April 27, 2007. The 2011 Credit
Agreement can also be used to finance permitted acquisitions, pay related fees and expenses, issue letters of credit and provide for ongoing working capital needs and for other general business
purposes, including capital expenditures. 

 At
December 31, 2014, based on the principal commitment amount of 200 million, available capacity under the 2011 Credit Agreement was 138.5 million.
We may, at our option, so long as no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, elect to increase the capacity under our 2011 Credit Agreement by an aggregate amount not to exceed
 300 million, provided that lenders are willing to commit additional amounts. At our option, the interest rate on the outstanding borrowings may be the lenders' base rate or the London
Interbank Offered Rate plus an applicable margin that is based on our long-term unsecured credit ratings. The 2011 Credit Agreement permits us to specify the portion of the borrowings to be covered by
specific interest rate options and to specify the interest rate period. We are required to pay a commitment fee based our credit rating and on the unused principal amount of the commitment of
 200 million. The term of the agreement is five years, with options for two one-year extensions. 

 Certain
of our long-term debt arrangements contain covenants that restrict the incurrence of secured indebtedness or liens upon property by us. Under the 2011 Credit
Agreement, we are required to comply with certain financial, operational and legal covenants. Among other things, we are required to maintain a leverage ratio (total consolidated debt to consolidated
EBITDA (net income plus interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and all other non-cash charges)) of no more than 5.00 to 1. Pursuant to the 2011 Credit Agreement, if one
or more specified material acquisitions are consummated, the permitted leverage ratio is increased to 5.50 to 1 for the first two full calendar quarters following the acquisition. Upon any
breach of these covenants, amounts outstanding under the 2011 Credit Agreement may become immediately due and payable. 

 Under
the 2009 Senior Notes, we may not at any time permit debt secured by liens to exceed 20 percent of partners' capital and may not permit total debt, at any time,
to exceed 70 percent of total capitalization. At December 31, 2014, we were in compliance with all of our financial covenants. 

Aggregate
required repayment of long-term debt for the next five years is 161.5 million, all of which is due in 2016. Aggregate required repayments of long-term debt
thereafter total 250 million. There are no required repayment obligations for 2015, 2017, 2018 or 2019. 

6. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES 

 Prior to December 31, 2001, we terminated a series of interest rate derivatives in exchange for cash. These derivatives had previously been accounted for as hedges with
the 4.1 million in accumulated other comprehensive loss (AOCL) recorded as of the termination date. The previously recorded AOCL is currently being amortized under the effective interest
method over the remaining term of the related hedged instrument, our 2001 Senior Notes due 2021. 

 During
the three-year period ended December 31, 2014, we reclassified the below amounts from AOCL into earnings for these terminated derivatives. 

Years Ended 
December 31, 

Net Loss Reclassified from AOCL into Income (Effective Portion) (In thousands) 
 
 Statements of Income Caption 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Cash flow hedges 
 
 Interest expense 

(228 

(212) 
 
 (197) 

F-33 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

At
December 31, 2014 and 2013 Accumulated AOCL was 2.1 million and 2.3 million, which will be amortized into earnings through 2021 as noted above. We
expect to reclassify approximately 0.2 million from AOCL as an increase to interest expense in 2015. We had no other derivative instruments during the year period ended
December 31, 2014. 

7. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

(a) Fair Value Hierarchy 

Under ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, fair value measurements are characterized in one of three levels based upon
the input used to arrive at the measurement. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

Level 1
inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access at the measurement date.
 Level 2
inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
or indirectly.
 Level 3
inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 

 When
appropriate, valuations are adjusted for various factors including credit considerations. Such adjustments are generally based on available market evidence. In the
absence of such evidence, management's best estimate is used. 

(b) Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

 The following table presents the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of our financial instruments at December 31, 2014 and 2013. The fair value of a financial
instrument is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 

 The
following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments: 

2014 

2013 

(In thousands) 

Carrying 
Amount 

Fair 
Value 

Carrying 
Amount 

Fair 
Value 

Financial asset: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

41,386 

41,386 
 
 26,660 
 
 26,660 

Financial liability: 

Long-term debt 

411,195 

475,617 
 
 411,161 
 
 462,236 

Cash
and cash equivalents The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value due to the short maturity of these
investments. 

 Long-term
debt The fair value of our senior notes were estimated based on quoted market prices for similar debt instruments with
similar terms and remaining maturities, which is classified as Level 2 in the "Fair Value Hierarchy," where the fair value is determined by using valuation technique that refers to observable
market data. We presently intend to maintain the current schedule of maturities for the 2001 and 2009 Senior Notes, which will result in no gains or losses on their respective repayments. The fair
value of the 2011 Credit Agreement approximates the carrying value since the interest rates are periodically adjusted to reflect current market conditions. 

(c) Other Recurring Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

 The following table presents the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of other items measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31,
2014 and 2013: 

2014 

2013 

(In thousands) 

Carrying 
Amount 

Fair 
Value 

Carrying 
Amount 

Fair 
Value 

Related party natural gas imbalance asset 

60 

60 
 
 938 
 
 938 

Natural gas imbalance liability 

1,993 

1,993 
 
 1,761 
 
 1,761 

F-34 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

Natural
Gas Imbalances Natural gas imbalances represent the difference between the amount of natural gas delivered to or received
from a pipeline system and the amount of natural gas scheduled to be delivered or received at current market prices. We value these imbalances by applying the difference between the measured
quantities of natural gas delivered to or received from our shippers and operators to the current average of the Northern Ventura index price and the Chicago city-gates index price. We have classified
the fair value of natural gas imbalances as a Level 2 in the "Fair Value Hierarchy," as the valuation approach includes quoted prices in the market index and observable volumes for
the imbalance. 

8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

(a) Legal Proceedings 

 State of South Dakota Use Tax Appeal On February 28, 2011, the State of South Dakota
assessed a use tax in the amount of approximately 6 million on Northern Border for shipper supplied natural gas used to fuel compressors on Northern Border's pipeline system from
July 1, 2007 to December 31, 2010. In November 2011, Northern Border filed a Request for Hearing with the South Dakota Department of Revenue to protest the assessment. A hearing
was held on the matter in May 2012 and in the third quarter of 2013, the South Dakota Department of Revenue determined that the gas used by Northern Border to fuel compressors is taxable. In
October 2013, Northern Border filed an appeal of this decision in the South Dakota Circuit Court, Sixth Judicial Circuit (Circuit Court). In May 2014, the Circuit Court issued a
Memorandum Decision reversing the Final Decision of the South Dakota Department of Revenue. The Circuit Court found that the compression of natural gas and the natural gas burned in that process is a
function of natural gas transportation and therefore exempt from use tax. The South Dakota Department of Revenue filed an appeal to the Circuit Court decision on July 23, 2014. Briefs were
submitted to the South Dakota Supreme Court and oral argument is scheduled for March 24, 2015. As of December 31, 2014, we have recorded a liability of 14.3 million, including
interest. 

(b) Operating Leases 

 We make lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases on office space and rights-of-way. Expenses incurred related to these lease obligations for the years ended
December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were 3.0 million, 2.9 million, and 4.0 million, respectively. Our future minimum lease payments are as follows: 

Year ending December 31, (In thousands) 

2015 

1,916 

2016 

2,196 

2017 

2,189 

2018 

2,189 

2019 

2,189 

Thereafter 

46,648 

57,327 

In
August 2004, we signed an Option Agreement and Expanded Facilities Lease (Option Agreement) with the Assiniboine and Sioux Tribes of the Fort Peck Indian
Reservation. The Option Agreement granted to us, among other things: (i) an option to renew the pipeline right-of-way lease upon agreed terms and conditions on or before April 1, 2011,
for a term of 25 years with a renewal right for an additional 25 years; (ii) a right to use additional tribal lands for expanded facilities; and (iii) release and
satisfaction of all tribal taxes against us. In consideration of this option and other benefits, we paid a lump sum amount of 7.4 million and made additional annual option payments through
March 31, 2011. In March 2011, we exercised the option and renewed the pipeline right-of-way lease for an initial term of 25 years through March 31, 2036. 

9. CASH DISTRIBUTION AND CONTRIBUTION POLICY 

 Our General Partnership Agreement provides that distributions to our partners are to be made on a pro rata basis according to each partner's capital account balance. Our
Management Committee determines the amount and timing of the distributions to our partners including equity contributions and the funding of growth capital expenditures. In addition, any inability to
refinance maturing debt will be funded by equity contributions. Any changes to, or suspension of, our cash distribution policy requires the unanimous approval of the Management Committee. Our cash
distributions are equal to 100 percent of our distributable cash flow as determined from our financial statements based upon earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization less
interest expense and maintenance capital expenditures. 

F-35 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

For
the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, we paid distributions to our general partners of 175.0 million, 168.8 million, and
 191.4 million, respectively. In 2013, we received contributions from our general partners of 61.5 million, which were used to repay outstanding indebtedness. 

10. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

 The day-to-day management of our affairs is the responsibility of TransCanada Northern Border, Inc., (TransCanada Northern Border) pursuant to an operating agreement
between TransCanada Northern Border and us effective April 1, 2007. TransCanada Northern Border utilizes the services of TransCanada Corporation (TransCanada) and its affiliates for management
services related to us. We are charged for the salaries, benefits and expenses of TransCanada and its affiliates attributable to our operations. For the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and
2012, our charges from TransCanada and its affiliates totaled approximately 35.1 million, 29.6 million, and 30.5 million, respectively. 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, we had contracted firm capacity held by one shipper affiliated with one of our general partners. Revenue from
ONEOK Energy Services Company, LP (ONEOK Energy) and ONEOK Rockies Midstream, L.L.C. (ONEOK Rockies), subsidiaries of ONEOK, for 2014, 2013, and 2012 was 11.1 million,
 8.1 million, and 5.6 million, respectively. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, we had outstanding receivables from ONEOK Energy and ONEOK Rockies of 1.5 million and
 0.8 million, respectively. 

11. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

 We make distributions to our general partners approximately one month following the end of the quarter. A cash distribution of approximately 42.9 million was declared on
January 12, 2015 and paid on February 2, 2015 for the fourth quarter of 2014. 

We
have evaluated subsequent events through February 23, 2015, which represents the date the financial statements were issued and concluded there were no events or
transactions during this period that would require recognition or disclosure in the financial statements other than those already reflected. 

F-36 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

GREAT LAKES GAS TRANSMISSION LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
Independent Auditors' Report 

 The Partners and the Management Committee 
Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership: 

Report on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership (the Partnership), which comprise the balance sheets as of
December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related statements of income and partners' capital, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2014, and the
related notes to the financial statements. 

 Management's Responsibility for the Financial Statements 

 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; this
includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error. 

 Auditors' Responsibility 

 Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material
misstatement. 

 An
audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the
auditors' judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers
internal control relevant to the entity's preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting
policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. 

 We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 

Opinion 

 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership
as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2014, in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

 /s/
KPMG LLP 

 Houston,
Texas 
February 23, 2015 

F-37 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

GREAT LAKES GAS TRANSMISSION LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, (In thousands) 

2014 

2013 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

37 
 
 48 

Demand loan receivable from affiliate 

30,402 
 
 21,929 

Accounts receivable: 

Trade 

9,652 
 
 5,964 

Affiliates 

14,638 
 
 10,778 

Materials and supplies 

10,635 
 
 10,703 

Other 

1,016 
 
 2,083 

Total current assets 

66,380 
 
 51,505 

Property, plant, and equipment: 

Property, plant, and equipment 

2,074,859 
 
 2,069,560 

Construction work in progress 

794 
 
 2,171 

2,075,653 
 
 2,071,731 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

(1,328,100 

(1,300,815) 

Total property, plant, and equipment, net 

747,553 
 
 770,916 

Other noncurrent assets 

416 
 
 461 

Total assets 

814,349 
 
 822,882 

LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' CAPITAL 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable: 

Trade 

3,777 
 
 4,377 

Affiliates 

9,714 
 
 3,176 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

19,000 
 
 19,000 

Deferred Revenue 

9,432 

Taxes payable (other than income) 

7,254 
 
 11,137 

Accrued interest 

7,112 
 
 7,425 

Other 

369 
 
 1,912 

Total current liabilities 

56,658 
 
 47,027 

Long-term debt, net of current maturities 

297,000 
 
 316,000 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

245 
 
 254 

Partners' capital 

460,446 
 
 459,601 

Total liabilities and partners' capital 

814,349 
 
 822,882 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F-38 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

GREAT LAKES GAS TRANSMISSION LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 

STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND PARTNERS' CAPITAL 

Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Operating revenues 

145,667 
 
 124,480 
 
 182,423 

Operating expenses: 

Operation and maintenance 

42,399 
 
 44,493 
 
 47,671 

Depreciation and amortization 

27,736 
 
 30,980 
 
 30,981 

Taxes, other than income 

10,774 
 
 15,924 
 
 18,798 

Total operating expenses 

80,909 
 
 91,397 
 
 97,450 

Operating income 

64,758 
 
 33,083 
 
 84,973 

Other income, net 

881 
 
 141 
 
 479 

Interest and debt expense 

(25,424 

(26,930) 
 (28,412) 

Affiliated interest income 

30 
 
 21 
 
 29 

Income before partnership income taxes 

40,245 
 
 6,315 
 
 57,069 

Partnership income tax benefit 

186 

Net income 

40,245 
 
 6,315 
 
 57,255 

Partners' capital: 

Balance at beginning of year 

459,601 
 
 470,486 
 
 488,731 

Net income 

40,245 
 
 6,315 
 
 57,255 

Distributions to partners 

(58,400 

(36,200) 
 (94,500) 

Contributions from partners 

19,000 
 
 19,000 
 
 19,000 

Balance at end of year 

460,446 
 
 459,601 
 
 470,486 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F-39 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

GREAT LAKES GAS TRANSMISSION LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 

2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

40,245 
 
 6,315 
 
 57,255 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

27,736 
 
 30,980 
 
 30,981 

Allowance for funds used during construction, equity 

(46 

(66) 
 (67) 

Gain on sale of assets, net 

(380) 

Asset and liability changes: 

Accounts receivable 

(7,548 

(188) 
 (880) 

Other current assets 

1,135 
 
 108 
 
 (161) 

Noncurrent assets 

45 
 
 46 
 
 46 

Accounts payable 

5,011 
 
 383 
 
 (3,612) 

Partnership income taxes payable 

(3,238) 

Other current liabilities 

4,435 
 
 (3,666) 
 7,517 

Noncurrent liabilities 

(9 

(42) 
 (140) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

71,004 
 
 33,870 
 
 87,321 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Additions to property, plant, and equipment 

(3,400 

(2,940) 
 (3,176) 

Net change in demand loan receivable from affiliate 

(8,473 

4,545 
 
 10,339 

Other 

(742 

742 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

(12,615 

2,347 
 
 7,163 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Payments for retirement of long-term debt 

(19,000 

(19,000) 
 (19,000) 

Distributions to partners 

(58,400 

(36,200) 
 (94,500) 

Contributions from partners 

19,000 
 
 19,000 
 
 19,000 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(58,400 

(36,200) 
 (94,500) 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

(11 

17 
 
 (16) 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

48 
 
 31 
 
 47 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

37 
 
 48 
 
 31 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Interest paid, net of capitalized interest 

25,691 
 
 27,196 
 
 28,704 

Partnership income taxes paid 

2,153 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F-40 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

GREAT LAKES GAS TRANSMISSION LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. Description of Business 

 Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership (the Partnership) is a Delaware limited partnership that owns and operates an interstate natural gas pipeline system. The
Partnership transports natural gas for delivery to wholesale customers in the midwestern and northeastern United States (U.S.) and eastern Canada. The partners and partnership ownership
percentages at December 31, 2014 and 2013 were as follows: 

Ownership 
percentage 

General Partners: 

TransCanada GL, Inc. 
 
 46.45 

TC GL Intermediate Limited Partnership 
 
 46.45 

Limited Partner: 

Great Lakes Gas Transmission Company 
 
 7.10 

Great
Lakes Gas Transmission Company (the Company) and TransCanada GL, Inc. are wholly owned indirect subsidiaries of TransCanada Corporation (TransCanada). TC
GL Intermediate Limited Partnership is a direct subsidiary of TC PipeLines, LP of which TransCanada indirectly owned a 28.9 interest prior to August 2014. As a result of a common
unit offering in August 2014, TransCanada's indirect ownership interest in TC PipeLines, LP is now 28.3 . 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

(a) Use of Estimates 

 The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

(b) Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 The Partnership considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

(c) Accounting for Regulated Operations 

 The Partnership's natural gas pipeline is subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 (NGA) and the Natural
Gas Policy Act of 1978. Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 980, Regulated Operations , provides that rate
regulated enterprises account for and report assets and liabilities consistent with the
economic effect of the way in which regulators establish rates, if the rates are designed to recover the costs of providing the regulated service, and if the competitive environment makes it probable
that such rates can be charged and collected. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, there are no significant regulatory assets or liabilities reflected in these financial statements. 

(d) Trade Accounts Receivable 

 Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest, except for those receivables subject to late charges. The Partnership maintains an
allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses on accounts receivable, if it is determined the Partnership will not collect all or part of the outstanding receivable balance. The Partnership
regularly reviews its allowance for doubtful accounts and establishes or adjusts the allowance as necessary using the specific-identification method. Account balances are charged to the allowance
after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is no longer considered probable. Accounts charged to the allowance in 2014 and 2013 were not material to the
Partnership's financial statements. 

F-41 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

(e) Natural Gas Imbalances 

 Natural gas imbalances occur when the actual amount of natural gas delivered to or received from a pipeline system differs from the amount of natural gas scheduled to be
delivered or received. The Partnership values these imbalances due to or from shippers and operators at current index prices. Imbalances are settled in-kind, subject to the terms of the Partnership's
tariff. 

 Imbalances
due from others are reported on the balance sheets as trade accounts receivable or accounts receivable from affiliates. Imbalances owed to others are reported on
the balance sheets as trade accounts payable or accounts payable to affiliates. In addition, the Partnership classifies all imbalances as current as the Partnership expects to settle them within
a year. 

(f) Material and Supplies 

 The Partnership's inventory consists of materials and supplies. The materials and supplies are valued at cost with cost determined using the average cost method. 

(g) Property, Plant, and Equipment 

 Property, plant, and equipment are recorded at their original cost of construction. For assets, the Partnership constructs, direct costs are capitalized, such as labor and
materials, and indirect costs, such as overhead and interest. The Partnership capitalizes major units of property replacements or improvements and expenses minor items. 

The
Partnership uses the composite (group) method to depreciate property, plant, and equipment. Under this method, assets with similar lives and characteristics are grouped
and depreciated as one asset. The depreciation rate is applied to the total cost of the group until its net book value equals its salvage value. All asset groups are depreciated using the FERC
depreciation rates. Effective November 1, 2013 under a rate settlement approved by the FERC on November 14, 2013, the substantial portion of the Partnership's principal operating assets
are being depreciated at an annual rate of 1.28 . The remaining assets are depreciated at annual rates ranging from 2.33 to 20.00 . Using these rates, the remaining depreciable life of these assets
ranges from 2 to 45 years. 

 When
property, plant, and equipment are retired, the Partnership charges accumulated depreciation and amortization for the original cost of the assets in addition to the
cost to remove, sell, or dispose of the assets, less their salvage value. The Partnership does not recognize a gain or loss unless an entire operating unit is sold or retired. The Partnership includes
gains or losses on dispositions of operating units in income. 

 The
Partnership capitalizes a carrying cost on funds invested in the construction of long-lived assets. This carrying cost includes a return on the investment
financed by debt and equity allowance for funds used during construction (AFUDC). AFUDC is calculated based on the Partnership's average cost of debt and equity. Capitalized carrying costs for AFUDC
debt and equity are reflected as an increase in the cost of the asset on the balance sheets. Capitalized AFUDC debt amounts are included as a reduction of interest and debt expense in the statements
of income. 

(h) Long-Lived Assets 

 Long-lived assets, such as property, plant, and equipment, and purchased intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group be tested for possible impairment, the Partnership first
compares undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group to its carrying value. If the carrying value of the long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable on an
undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying value exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques including
discounted cash flow models, quoted market values, and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary. 

(i) Revenue Recognition 

 The Partnership's revenues are primarily generated from transportation services. Revenues for all services are based on the quantity of gas delivered or subscribed at a price
specified in the contract. For the Partnership's transportation services, reservation revenues are recognized on firm contracted capacity ratably over the contract period regardless of the amount of
natural gas that is transported. For interruptible or volumetric-based services, the Partnership records revenues when physical deliveries of natural gas are made at the agreed-upon delivery point.
The Partnership does not take ownership of the gas that it transports. The Partnership is subject to FERC regulations, and as a result, revenues the Partnership collects may be subject to refund in a
rate proceeding. The Partnership establishes allowances for these potential refunds. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, there are no allowances reflected in these financial statements. 

F-42 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

(j) Commitments and Contingencies 

Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations 

 The Partnership accounts for asset retirement obligations pursuant to the provisions of ASC 410-20, Asset Retirement
Obligations . ASC 410-20 requires the Partnership to record the fair value of an asset retirement obligation as a liability in the period in which it incurs a legal
obligation associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction, development, and/or normal use of the assets. ASC 410-20 also
requires the Partnership to record a corresponding asset that is depreciated over the life of the asset. Subsequent to the initial measurement of the asset retirement obligation, the obligation is to
be adjusted at the end of each period to reflect the passage of time and changes in the estimated future cash flows underlying the obligation. 

 The
Partnership has determined it has legal obligations associated with its natural gas pipelines and related transmission facilities. The obligations relate primarily to
purging and sealing the pipelines if they are abandoned. The Partnership is also required to operate and maintain its natural gas pipeline system, and intends to do so as long as supply and demand for
natural gas exists, which the Partnership expects for the foreseeable future. Therefore, the Partnership believes its natural gas pipeline system assets have indeterminate lives and, accordingly, has
recorded no asset retirement obligation as of December 31, 2014 and 2013. The Partnership continues to evaluate its asset retirement obligations and future developments that could impact
amounts it records. 

Other Contingencies 

 The Partnership recognizes liabilities for contingencies when it has an exposure that, when fully analyzed, indicates it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and
the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Where the most likely outcome of a contingency can be reasonably estimated, the Partnership accrues a liability for that amount. Where the most likely
outcome cannot be estimated, a range of potential losses is established and if no one amount in that range is more likely than any other, the lower end of the range is accrued. 

(k) Income Taxes 

 Income taxes are the responsibility of the partners and are not reflected in these financial statements. During the years 2008 through 2011, the State of Michigan imposed a
Michigan Business Tax (MBT) on partnerships and enacted legislation eliminating this MBT on partnerships and applied a more conventional income tax system taxing partners of partnerships. Prior to
2012 the Partnership filed the MBT return on a combined basis with certain TransCanada affiliates. A tax payment agreement between the Partnership and TransCanada affiliates provided that the
Partnership's MBT liability was determined as if a separate return was filed. Under the agreement, the Partnership remitted its current MBT liability to an affiliate. In 2012 the Partnership recorded
an adjustment for 186) related to the 2011 return. 

3. Commitments and Contingencies 

(a) Legal Proceedings 

 The Partnership and its affiliates are named as defendants in legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of the Partnership's business. For each of the Partnership's
legal matters, the Partnership evaluates the merits of the case, the Partnership's exposure to the matter, possible legal or settlement strategies, and the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome. If the
Partnership determines that an unfavorable outcome is probable and can be estimated, the Partnership establishes the necessary accruals. As further information becomes available, or other relevant
developments occur, the Partnership may accrue amounts accordingly. Based upon the Partnership's evaluation and experience to date, the Partnership had no accruals for its outstanding legal matters at
December 31, 2014. 

(b) Regulatory Matters 

 On November 14, 2013, the FERC approved a settlement the Partnership made with its customers to modify its transportation rates effective November 1, 2013. The
settlement establishes maximum recourse transportation rates that are approximately 21 higher than pre-settlement rates. The settlement includes a moratorium on filing rate cases or challenging the
settlement rates from November 1, 2013 to March 31, 2015 and requires that the Partnership file to have new rates in effect no later than January 1, 2018. 

Effective
November 1, 2014, the Partnership executed contracts with its affiliate, ANR Pipeline Company (ANR), to provide seasonal firm service between Michigan and
Wisconsin. These contracts were at the maximum FERC authorized rate and were intended to replace historical contracts. On December 3, 2014, the FERC accepted and suspended the Partnership's
tariff records related to these contracts to become effective May 3, 2015, subject to refund. On January 2, 2015, the Partnership submitted a request for rehearing and clarification with
FERC. On February 2, 2015 FERC issued an Order granting rehearing to allow for additional time for FERC to consider the request. Until the Partnership obtains clarification from FERC or a
settlement is reached and approved, it is providing service to ANR under multiple service agreements and rates. The Partnership has deferred 9.4 million of revenue under such agreements that
may not be collected. 

F-43 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

(c) Other Commercial Commitments 

 The Partnership holds cancelable easements or rights-of-way arrangements from landowners permitting the use of land for the construction and operation of the Partnership's
pipeline system. Currently, the Partnership's obligations under these easements are not material to its results of operations. Certain arrangements with the Native American groups expire in 2018 and
the Partnership has begun to engage in the renewal process of these agreements. 

4. Long-Term Debt 

 The Partnership's long-term debt outstanding consisted of the following at December 31: 

(In thousands) 

2014 

2013 

6.73 series Senior Notes due 2015 to 2018 

36,000 
 
 45,000 

9.09 series Senior Notes due 2015 to 2021 

70,000 
 
 80,000 

6.95 series Senior Notes due 2019 to 2028 

110,000 
 
 110,000 

8.08 series Senior Notes due 2021 to 2030 

100,000 
 
 100,000 

316,000 
 
 335,000 

Less current maturities 

19,000 
 
 19,000 

Total long-term debt less current maturities 

297,000 
 
 316,000 

The
aggregate annual required repayment of long-term debt is 19.0 million for each year from 2015 through 2018 and 21.0 million for 2019. Aggregate
required repayments of long-term debt thereafter total 219.0 million. 

 The
Partnership is required to comply with certain financial, operational, and legal covenants. Under the most restrictive covenants in the Senior Note Agreements,
approximately 170.0 million of partners' capital was restricted as to distributions as of December 31, 2014. As of December 31, 2014, management of the Partnership believes the
Partnership was in compliance with all of its financial covenants. 

5. Fair Value Measurements 

(a) Fair Value Hierarchy 

 Under FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement , fair value measurements are characterized in one of three levels based upon the input
used to arrive at the measurement. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

Level 1
inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Partnership has the ability to access at the
measurement date.
 Level 2
inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
or indirectly.
 Level 3
inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 

 When
appropriate, valuations are adjusted for various factors including credit considerations. Such adjustments are generally based on available market evidence. In the
absence of such evidence, management's best estimate is used. 

(b) Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

 The following table presents the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Partnership's financial instruments at December 31, 2014 and 2013. The fair value of a
financial instrument is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 

2014 

2013 

(In thousands) 

Carrying 
amount 

Fair value 

Carrying 
amount 

Fair value 

Financial assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

37 

37 
 
 48 
 
 48 

Demand loan receivable 

30,402 

30,402 
 
 21,929 
 
 21,929 

Financial liabilities: 

Long-term debt 

316,000 

408,941 
 
 335,000 
 
 410,114 

F-44 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

The
following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments measured on a recurring basis: 

Cash
and cash equivalents The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value due to the short maturity of
these investments. 

 Demand
loan receivable The carrying amount of the demand loan receivable approximates fair value due to the short maturity of
these investments. 

 Long-term
debt The fair value of senior notes was estimated based on quoted market prices for the same or similar debt instruments
with similar terms and remaining maturities, which is classified as Level 2 in the "Fair Value Hierarchy", where the fair value is determined by using valuation techniques that refer to
observable market data. The Partnership presently intends to maintain the current schedule of maturities for the notes, which will result in no gains or losses on its repayment. 

(c) Other Recurring Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

 The following table presents the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of other items measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31,
2014 and 2013: 

2014 

2013 

(In thousands) 

Carrying 
amount 

Fair value 

Carrying 
amount 

Fair value 

Affiliate natural gas imbalance asset 

435 

435 
 
 3,302 
 
 3,302 

Natural gas imbalance asset 

3,699 

3,699 
 
 829 
 
 829 

Affiliate natural gas imbalance liability 

853 

853 
 
 281 
 
 281 

Natural gas imbalance liability 

2,471 

2,471 
 
 3,142 
 
 3,142 

Natural
Gas Imbalances Natural gas imbalances represent the difference between the amount of natural gas delivered to or received
from a pipeline system and the amount of natural gas scheduled to be delivered or received at current market prices. We value these imbalances by applying the difference between the measured
quantities of natural gas delivered to or received from our shippers and operators to the current Emerson Viking GL index price. We have classified the fair value of natural gas imbalances as a
Level 2 in the "Fair Value Hierarchy," as the valuation approach includes quoted prices in the market index and observable volumes for the imbalance. 

6. Transactions with Affiliated Companies 

(a) Cash Management Program 

 The Partnership participates in TransCanada's cash management program, which matches short-term cash surpluses and needs of participating affiliates, thus minimizing total
borrowings from outside sources. Monies advanced under the program are considered loans, accruing interest and repayable on demand. The Partnership receives interest on monies advanced to TransCanada
at the rate of interest earned by TransCanada on its short-term cash investments. The Partnership pays interest on monies advanced from TransCanada based on TransCanada's short-term borrowing costs.
At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Partnership had a demand loan receivable from TransCanada of 30.4 million and 21.9 million, respectively. 

(b) Affiliate Revenues and Expenses 

 The Partnership earns transportation revenues from TransCanada and its affiliates under contracts, some of which are provided at discounted rates and some at maximum recourse
rates. The contracts are on the same terms as would be available to other shippers and the longest remaining term extends through 2032. 

Pursuant
to the Partnership's Operating Agreement, day-to-day operation of partnership activities is the responsibility of the Company. The Partnership is charged by the
Company and affiliates for services such as legal, tax, treasury, human resources, other administrative functions, and for other costs incurred on its behalf. These include, but are not limited to,
employee benefit
costs and property and liability insurance costs. These costs are based on direct assignment to the extent practicable, or by using allocation methods that are reasonable reflections of the
utilization of services provided to or for the benefits received by the Partnership. In addition, the Partnership charges rent to affiliates for use of office space in Troy, Michigan. 

F-45 TC
PIPELINES, LP 

The
following table shows revenues and charges from the Partnerships' affiliates for the periods ended December 31: 

(In thousands) 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Transportation revenues from affiliates 

71,414 
 
 68,115 
 
 77,338 

Rental revenue from affiliates 

1,947 
 
 1,348 
 
 1,355 

Costs charged from affiliates 

29,722 
 
 31,273 
 
 32,826 

7. Distributions 

 The Partnership's distribution policy generally results in a quarterly cash distribution equal to 100 of distributable cash flow based upon earnings before income taxes,
depreciation, and AFUDC, less capital expenditures, and debt repayments not funded with cash calls to its partners. The resulting distribution amount and timing are subject to Management Committee
modification and approval after considering business risks as well as ensuring minimum cash balances, equity balances, and ratios are maintained. 

On
January 8, 2015, the Management Committee of the Partnership declared a cash distribution in the amount of 16.7 million to the partners. The distribution
was paid on February 2, 2015. 

8. Subsequent Events 

 Subsequent events have been assessed through February 23, 2015, which is the date the financial statements were issued, and we concluded there were no events or
transactions during this period that would require recognition or disclosure in the financial statements other than those already reflected. 

F-46 2014
ANNUAL REPORT 

QuickLinks 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

<EX-12.1>
 2
 a2223176zex-12_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 12.1 

COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 

December 31 (millions of dollars) 

2014 
 
 2013 (a) 
 
 2012 (a) 
 
 2011 (a) 
 
 2010 (a) 

Earnings 

Net income before adjustment for income from equity investees 

116 
 
 124 
 
 130 
 
 115 
 
 74 

Fixed charges 

45 
 
 44 
 
 41 
 
 50 
 
 51 

Distributed income of equity investees 

88 
 
 67 
 
 99 
 
 135 
 
 126 

Non-controlling interests of subsidiaries that have not incurred fixed charges 

(10) 
 (14) 
 (13) 

Total Earnings 

239 
 
 221 
 
 257 
 
 300 
 
 251 

Fixed Charges 

Interest expensed and capitalized 

44 
 
 43 
 
 40 
 
 48 
 
 50 

Amortization of other assets 

1 
 
 1 
 
 1 
 
 2 
 
 1 

Total Fixed Charges 

45 
 
 44 
 
 41 
 
 50 
 
 51 

Ratio of Earnings/Fixed Charges 

5.31x 

5.02x 

6.27x 

6.00x 

4.92x 

(a) An
additional 45 percent membership interests in each of GTN and Bison were acquired from subsidiaries of TransCanada in 2013 resulting in a
70 percent ownership in each. As a result, the acquisition was accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control, similar to a pooling of interests, whereby the assets and
liabilities of GTN and Bison were recorded at TransCanada's carrying value and the Partnership's historical financial information was recast to consolidate GTN and Bison for all periods presented. 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 12.1 
 
 COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 a2223176zex-21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

1. The
Registrant holds a 98.9899 percent limited partner interest in TC GL Intermediate Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership.
 2. Through
its interest in TC GL Intermediate Limited Partnership, the Registrant holds a 46.45 percent general partner interest in Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited
Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership.
 3. The
Registrant holds a 98.9899 percent limited partner interest in TC PipeLines Intermediate Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership.
 4. Through
its interest in TC PipeLines Intermediate Limited Partnership, the Registrant holds a 50 percent general partner interest in Northern Border Pipeline Company, a Texas
general partnership.
 5. Through
its interest in TC PipeLines Intermediate Limited Partnership, the Registrant holds a 70 percent interest in Gas Transmission Northwest LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company.
 6. Through
its interest in TC PipeLines Intermediate Limited Partnership, the Registrant wholly-owns Bison Pipeline LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.
 7. Through
its interest in TC PipeLines Intermediate Limited Partnership, the Registrant wholly-owns North Baja Pipeline, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.
 8. The
Registrant holds a 98.9899 percent limited partner interest in TC Tuscarora Intermediate Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership.
 9. Through
its interest in TC Tuscarora Intermediate Limited Partnership, the Registrant wholly-owns TC Pipelines Tuscarora LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.
 10. Through
its interest in TC Tuscarora Intermediate Limited Partnership and TC Pipelines Tuscarora LLC, the Registrant wholly-owns Tuscarora Gas Transmission Company, a Nevada
general partnership. 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a2223176zex-23_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The
Board of Directors of TC PipeLines GP, Inc. 
General Partner of TC PipeLines, LP: 

 We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-196523) on Form S-3 of TC PipeLines, LP of our report dated
February 27, 2015, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of TC PipeLines, LP and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated
statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in partners' equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2014, and the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, which report appears in the December 31, 2014 annual report on Form 10-K of TC PipeLines, LP. 

 /s/
KPMG LLP 
Houston, Texas 
February 27, 2015 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 a2223176zex-23_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.2

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The
Board of Directors of TC PipeLines GP, Inc. 
General Partner of TC PipeLines, LP: 

 We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-196523) on Form S-3 of TC PipeLines, LP of our report dated
February 23, 2015, with respect to the balance sheets of Northern Border Pipeline Company as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related statements of income, comprehensive income,
changes in partners' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2014, which report appears in the December 31, 2014 annual report on
Form 10-K of TC PipeLines, LP. 

 /s/
KPMG LLP 
Houston, Texas 
February 27, 2015 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 23.2 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 6
 a2223176zex-23_3.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.3

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 23.3 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The
Board of Directors of TC PipeLines GP, Inc. 
General Partner of TC PipeLines, LP: 

 We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-196523) on Form S-3 of TC PipeLines, LP of our report dated
February 23, 2015, with respect to the balance sheets of Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related statements of income and
partners' capital, and cash flows, for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2014, which report appears in the December 31, 2014 annual report on Form 10-K
of TC PipeLines, LP. 

 /s/
KPMG LLP 
Houston, Texas 
February 27, 2015 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 23.3 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 a2223176zex-31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I,
Steven D. Becker, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TC PipeLines, LP;
 2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 4. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have:

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations; and
 d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting; and
 
 5. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 27, 2015 
 /s/ STEVEN D. BECKER Steven D. Becker Principal Executive Officer and
President 
TC PipeLines GP, Inc., as General Partner of 
TC PipeLines, LP 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 a2223176zex-31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I,
Nathaniel A. Brown, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TC PipeLines, LP;
 2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 4. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have:

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations; and
 d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting; and
 
 5. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 27, 2015 
 /s/ NATHANIEL A. BROWN Nathaniel A. Brown Principal Financial Officer and
Controller 
TC PipeLines GP, Inc., as General Partner of 
TC PipeLines, LP 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 a2223176zex-32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 I,
Steven D. Becker, Principal Executive Officer and President of TC PipeLines GP, Inc., the General Partner of TC PipeLines, LP
(the Partnership), in compliance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 hereby certify, to the best of my
knowledge, in connection with the Partnership's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report)
on the date hereof, that: 

the
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
 the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Dated: February 27, 2015 
 /s/ STEVEN D. BECKER Steven D. Becker Principal Executive Officer and
President 
TC PipeLines GP, Inc., as General Partner of 
TC PipeLines, LP 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 a2223176zex-32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 I, Nathaniel A. Brown, Principal Financial Officer and Controller of TC PipeLines GP, Inc., the General Partner of
TC PipeLines, LP (the Partnership), in compliance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 hereby
certify, to the best of my knowledge, in connectiFon with the Partnership's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report) on the date hereof, that: 

the
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
 the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Dated: February 27, 2015 
 /s/ NATHANIEL A. BROWN Nathaniel A. Brown Principal Financial Officer and
Controller 
TC PipeLines GP, Inc., as General Partner of 
TC PipeLines, LP 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.9>
 11
 a2223176zex-99_9.htm
 EX-99.9

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 99.9 

TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18138 

 This
Transportation Service Agreement (Agreement) is entered into by Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership (Transporter) and ANR PIPELINE COMPANY (Shipper). 

 WHEREAS,
Shipper has requested Transporter to transport Gas on its behalf and Transporter represents that it is willing to transport Gas under the terms and conditions of
this Agreement. 

 NOW,
THEREFORE, Transporter and Shipper agree that the terms below constitute the transportation service to be provided and the rights and obligations of Shipper and
Transporter. 

1. EFFECTIVE DATE: October 24, 2014
 2. CONTRACT IDENTIFICATION: FT18138
 3. RATE SCHEDULE: FT
 4. SHIPPER TYPE: Interstate Pl
 5. STATE/PROVINCE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
 6. TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2015
 7. EFFECT ON PREVIOUS CONTRACTS: 

This
Agreement supersedes, cancels and terminates, as of the effective date stated above, the following contract(s): N/A 

8. MAXIMUM DAILY QUANTITY (Dth/Day): 115,771 

Please
see Appendix A for further detail. 

9. RATES: 

Unless
Shipper and Transporter have agreed to a rate other than the maximum rate, rates shall be Transporter's maximum rates and charges plus all applicable surcharges in effect from time to time
under the applicable Rate
Schedule (as stated above) on file with the Commission unless otherwise agreed to by the parties in writing. Provisions governing a Rate other than the maximum shall be set forth in this
Paragraph 9 and/or on Appendix B hereto. 

10. POINTS OF RECEIPT AND DELIVERY: 

The
primary receipt and delivery points are set forth on Appendix A. 

11. RELEASED CAPACITY: 

N/A 

12. INCORPORATION OF TARIFF INTO AGREEMENT: 

This
Agreement shall incorporate and in all respects be subject to the "General Terms and Conditions" and the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) set forth in Transporter's FERC Gas
Tariff, Third Revised Volume No. 1, as may be revised from time to time. Transporter may file and seek Commission approval under Section 4 of the Natural Gas Act (NGA) at any time and
from time to time to change any rates, charges or provisions set forth in the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) and the "General Terms and Conditions" in Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff,
Third Revised Volume No. 1, and Transporter shall have the right to place such changes in effect in accordance with the NGA, and this Agreement shall be deemed to include such changes and any
such changes 

which
become effective by operation of law and Commission Order, without prejudice to Shipper's right to protest the same. 

13. MISCELLANEOUS: 

No
waiver by either party to this Agreement of any one or more defaults by the other in the performance of this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver of any continuing or future
default(s), whether of a like or a different character. 

 Any
controversy between the parties arising under this Agreement and not resolved by the parties shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan. 

14. OTHER PROVISIONS: 

It
is agreed that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any Partner, agent, management official or employee of the Transporter or any director,
officer or employee of any of the foregoing, for any obligation of the Transporter arising under this Agreement or for any claim based on such obligation and that the sole recourse of Shipper under
this Agreement is limited to assets of the Transporter. 

 Upon
termination of this Agreement, Shipper's and Transporter's obligations to each other arising under this Agreement, prior to the date of termination, remain in effect and are not being terminated
by any provision of this Agreement. 

15. NOTICES AND COMMUNICATIONS: 

All
notices and communications with respect to this Agreement shall be in writing by mail, e-mail, or fax, or other means as agreed to by the parties, and sent to the addresses stated below or to any
other such address(es) as may be designated in writing by mail, e-mail, or fax, or other means similarly agreed to: 

ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS 

Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership Commercial Services 
717 Texas Street 
Houston, TX 77002-2761 
 ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 
700 Louisiana St., 
Suite 700 
Houston, TX 77002-2700 
Attn: 

AGREED TO BY: 

GREAT LAKES GAS TRANSMISSION 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
By: Great Lakes Gas Transmission Company 
 
 ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 

/s/ JOSEPH E. POLLARD Joseph E. Pollard 

/s/ STEVEN D. JASKOLSKI Steven D. Jaskolski 

Director Commercial Services 
ANR Pipeline Company 

Dated: October 31, 2014 
 
 Dated: October 31, 2014 

APPENDIX A Contract Identification FT18138 

 Date:
 October 30, 2014 
Supersedes Appendix Dated: Not Applicable 

 Shipper:
ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 

 Maximum
Daily Quantity (Dth/Day) per Location: 

Begin Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 Point(s) of Primary Receipt 
 
 Points(s) of Primary Delivery 
 
 MDO 
 
 Maximum 
Allowable 
Operating 
Pressure 
(MAOP) 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 
 
 SOUTH CHESTER 

115,771 
 
 974 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 
 
 DEWARD 

115,771 
 
 974 

04/01/2015 
 
 10/31/2015 
 
 DEWARD 

0 
 
 974 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 

FARWELL 
 
 115,771 
 
 974 

04/01/2015 
 
 10/31/2015 

FARWELL 
 
 0 
 
 974 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 99.9 
 
 TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18138 
 
 APPENDIX A Contract Identification FT18138 

</EX-99.9>

<EX-99.10>
 12
 a2223176zex-99_10.htm
 EX-99.10

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 99.10 

TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18139 

 This
Transportation Service Agreement (Agreement) is entered into by Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership (Transporter) and ANR PIPELINE COMPANY (Shipper). 

 WHEREAS,
Shipper has requested Transporter to transport Gas on its behalf and Transporter represents that it is willing to transport Gas under the terms and conditions of
this Agreement. 

 NOW,
THEREFORE, Transporter and Shipper agree that the terms below constitute the transportation service to be provided and the rights and obligations of Shipper and
Transporter. 

1. EFFECTIVE DATE: October 30, 2014
 2. CONTRACT IDENTIFICATION: FT18139
 3. RATE SCHEDULE: FT
 4. SHIPPER TYPE: Interstate Pl
 5. STATE/PROVINCE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
 6. TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2015
 7. EFFECT ON PREVIOUS CONTRACTS: 

This
Agreement supersedes, cancels and terminates, as of the effective date stated above, the following contract(s): N/A 

8. MAXIMUM DAILY QUANTITY (Dth/Day): 178,440 

Please
see Appendix A for further detail. 

9. RATES: 

Unless
Shipper and Transporter have agreed to a rate other than the maximum rate, rates shall be Transporter's maximum rates and charges plus all applicable surcharges in effect from time to time
under the applicable Rate
Schedule (as stated above) on file with the Commission unless otherwise agreed to by the parties in writing. Provisions governing a Rate other than the maximum shall be set forth in this
Paragraph 9 and/or on Appendix B hereto. 

10. POINTS OF RECEIPT AND DELIVERY: 

The
primary receipt and delivery points are set forth on Appendix A. 

11. RELEASED CAPACITY: 

N/A 

12. INCORPORATION OF TARIFF INTO AGREEMENT: 

This
Agreement shall incorporate and in all respects be subject to the "General Terms and Conditions" and the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) set forth in Transporter's FERC Gas
Tariff, Third Revised Volume No. 1, as may be revised from time to time. Transporter may file and seek Commission approval under Section 4 of the Natural Gas Act (NGA) at any time and
from time to time to change any rates, charges or provisions set forth in the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) and the "General Terms and Conditions" in Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff,
Third Revised Volume No. 1, and Transporter shall have the right to place such changes in effect in accordance with the NGA, and this Agreement shall be deemed to include such changes and any
such changes 

which
become effective by operation of law and Commission Order, without prejudice to Shipper's right to protest the same. 

13. MISCELLANEOUS: 

No
waiver by either party to this Agreement of any one or more defaults by the other in the performance of this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver of any continuing or future
default(s), whether of a like or a different character. 

 Any
controversy between the parties arising under this Agreement and not resolved by the parties shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan. 

14. OTHER PROVISIONS: 

It
is agreed that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any Partner, agent, management official or employee of the Transporter or any director,
officer or employee of any of the foregoing, for any obligation of the Transporter arising under this Agreement or for any claim based on such obligation and that the sole recourse of Shipper under
this Agreement is limited to assets of the Transporter. 

 Upon
termination of this Agreement, Shipper's and Transporter's obligations to each other arising under this Agreement, prior to the date of termination, remain in effect and are not being terminated
by any provision of this Agreement. 

15. NOTICES AND COMMUNICATIONS: 

All
notices and communications with respect to this Agreement shall be in writing by mail, e-mail, or fax, or other means as agreed to by the parties, and sent to the addresses stated below or to any
other such address(es) as may be designated in writing by mail, e-mail, or fax, or other means similarly agreed to: 

ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS 

Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership 
Commercial Services 
717 Texas Street 
Houston, TX 77002-2761 
 ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 
700 Louisiana St., 
Suite 700 
Houston, TX 77002-2700 
Attn: 

AGREED TO BY: 

GREAT LAKES GAS TRANSMISSION 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
By: Great Lakes Gas Transmission Company 
 
 ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 

/s/ JOSEPH E. POLLARD Joseph E. Pollard 

/s/ STEVEN D. JASKOLSKI Steven D. Jaskolski 

Director Commercial Services 

ANR Pipeline Company 

Dated: October 31, 2014 
 
 Dated: October 31, 2014 

APPENDIX A Contract Identification FT18139 

 Date:
 October 30, 2014 
Supersedes Appendix Dated: Not Applicable 

 Shipper:
ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 

 Maximum
Daily Quantity (Dth/Day) per Location: 

Begin Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 Point(s) of Primary Receipt 
 
 Points(s) of Primary Delivery 
 
 MDO 
 
 Maximum 
Allowable 
Operating 
Pressure 
(MAOP) 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 
 
 DEWARD 

178,440 
 
 974 

04/01/2015 
 
 10/31/2015 
 
 DEWARD 

0 
 
 974 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 

FARWELL 
 
 178,440 
 
 974 

04/01/2015 
 
 10/31/2015 

FARWELL 
 
 0 
 
 974 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 99.10 
 
 TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18139 
 
 APPENDIX A Contract Identification FT18139 

</EX-99.10>

<EX-99.11>
 13
 a2223176zex-99_11.htm
 EX-99.11

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 99.11 

TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18147 

 This
Transportation Service Agreement (Agreement) is entered into by Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership (Transporter) and ANR PIPELINE COMPANY (Shipper). 

 WHEREAS,
Shipper has requested Transporter to transport Gas on its behalf and Transporter represents that it is willing to transport Gas under the terms and conditions of
this Agreement. 

 NOW,
THEREFORE, Transporter and Shipper agree that the terms below constitute the transportation service to be provided and the rights and obligations of Shipper and
Transporter. 

1. EFFECTIVE DATE: October 30, 2014
 2. CONTRACT IDENTIFICATION: FT18147
 3. RATE SCHEDULE: FT
 4. SHIPPER TYPE: Interstate Pl
 5. STATE/PROVINCE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
 6. TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2015
 7. EFFECT ON PREVIOUS CONTRACTS: 

This
Agreement supersedes, cancels and terminates, as of the effective date stated above, the following contract(s): N/A 

8. MAXIMUM DAILY QUANTITY (Dth/Day): 303,900 

Please
see Appendix A for further detail. 

9. RATES: 

Unless
Shipper and Transporter have agreed to a rate other than the maximum rate, rates shall be Transporter's maximum rates and charges plus all applicable surcharges in effect from time to time
under the applicable Rate
Schedule (as stated above) on file with the Commission unless otherwise agreed to by the parties in writing. Provisions governing a Rate other than the maximum shall be set forth in this
Paragraph 9 and/or on Appendix B hereto. 

10. POINTS OF RECEIPT AND DELIVERY: 

The
primary receipt and delivery points are set forth on Appendix A. 

11. RELEASED CAPACITY: 

N/A 

12. INCORPORATION OF TARIFF INTO AGREEMENT: 

This
Agreement shall incorporate and in all respects be subject to the "General Terms and Conditions" and the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) set forth in Transporter's FERC Gas
Tariff, Third Revised Volume No. 1, as may be revised from time to time. Transporter may file and seek Commission approval under Section 4 of the Natural Gas Act (NGA) at any time and
from time to time to change any rates, charges or provisions set forth in the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) and the "General Terms and Conditions" in Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff,
Third Revised Volume No. 1, and Transporter shall have the right to place such changes in effect in accordance with the NGA, and this Agreement shall be deemed to include such changes and any
such changes 

which
become effective by operation of law and Commission Order, without prejudice to Shipper's right to protest the same. 

13. MISCELLANEOUS: 

No
waiver by either party to this Agreement of any one or more defaults by the other in the performance of this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver of any continuing or future
default(s), whether of a like or a different character. 

 Any
controversy between the parties arising under this Agreement and not resolved by the parties shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan. 

14. OTHER PROVISIONS: 

It
is agreed that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any Partner, agent, management official or employee of the Transporter or any director,
officer or employee of any of the foregoing, for any obligation of the Transporter arising under this Agreement or for any claim based on such obligation and that the sole recourse of Shipper under
this Agreement is limited to assets of the Transporter. 

 Upon
termination of this Agreement, Shipper's and Transporter's obligations to each other arising under this Agreement, prior to the date of termination, remain in effect and are not being terminated
by any provision of this Agreement. 

15. NOTICES AND COMMUNICATIONS: 

All
notices and communications with respect to this Agreement shall be in writing by mail, e-mail, or fax, or other means as agreed to by the parties, and sent to the addresses stated below or to any
other such address(es) as may be designated in writing by mail, e-mail, or fax, or other means similarly agreed to: 

ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS 

Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership 
Commercial Services 
717 Texas Street 
Houston, TX 77002-2761 
 ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 
700 Louisiana St., 
Suite 700 
Houston, TX 77002-2700 
Attn: 

AGREED TO BY: 

GREAT LAKES GAS TRANSMISSION 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
By: Great Lakes Gas Transmission Company 
 
 ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 

/s/ JOSEPH E. POLLARD Joseph E. Pollard 

/s/ STEVEN D. JASKOLSKI Steven D. Jaskolski 

Director Commercial Services 

ANR Pipeline Company 

Dated: October 31, 2014 
 
 Dated: October 31, 2014 

APPENDIX A Contract Identification FT18147 

 Date:
 October 30, 2014 
Supersedes Appendix Dated: Not Applicable 

 Shipper:
ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 

 Maximum
Daily Quantity (Dth/Day) per Location: 

Begin Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 Point(s) of Primary Receipt 
 
 Points(s) of Primary Delivery 
 
 MDO 
 
 Maximum 
Allowable 
Operating 
Pressure 
(MAOP) 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 
 
 SOUTH CHESTER 

303,900 
 
 974 

04/01/2015 
 
 10/31/2015 
 
 SOUTH CHESTER 

0 
 
 974 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 

FORTUNE LAKE 
 
 303,900 
 
 974 

04/01/2015 
 
 10/31/2015 

FORTUNE LAKE 
 
 0 
 
 974 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 99.11 
 
 TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18147 
 
 APPENDIX A Contract Identification FT18147 

</EX-99.11>

<EX-99.12>
 14
 a2223176zex-99_12.htm
 EX-99.12

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 99.12 

TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18150 

 This
Transportation Service Agreement (Agreement) is entered into by Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership (Transporter) and ANR PIPELINE COMPANY (Shipper). 

 WHEREAS,
Shipper has requested Transporter to transport Gas on its behalf and Transporter represents that it is willing to transport Gas under the terms and conditions of
this Agreement. 

 NOW,
THEREFORE, Transporter and Shipper agree that the terms below constitute the transportation service to be provided and the rights and obligations of Shipper and
Transporter. 

1. EFFECTIVE DATE: October 30, 2014
 2. CONTRACT IDENTIFICATION: FT18150
 3. RATE SCHEDULE: FT
 4. SHIPPER TYPE: Interstate Pl
 5. STATE/PROVINCE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
 6. TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2015
 7. EFFECT ON PREVIOUS CONTRACTS: 

This
Agreement supersedes, cancels and terminates, as of the effective date stated above, the following contract(s): N/A 

8. MAXIMUM DAILY QUANTITY (Dth/Day): 101,300 

Please
see Appendix A for further detail. 

9. RATES: 

Unless
Shipper and Transporter have agreed to a rate other than the maximum rate, rates shall be Transporter's maximum rates and charges plus all applicable surcharges in effect from time to time
under the applicable Rate
Schedule (as stated above) on file with the Commission unless otherwise agreed to by the parties in writing. Provisions governing a Rate other than the maximum shall be set forth in this
Paragraph 9 and/or on Appendix B hereto. 

10. POINTS OF RECEIPT AND DELIVERY: 

The
primary receipt and delivery points are set forth on Appendix A. 

11. RELEASED CAPACITY: 

N/A 

12. INCORPORATION OF TARIFF INTO AGREEMENT: 

This
Agreement shall incorporate and in all respects be subject to the "General Terms and Conditions" and the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) set forth in Transporter's FERC Gas
Tariff, Third Revised Volume No. 1, as may be revised from time to time. Transporter may file and seek Commission approval under Section 4 of the Natural Gas Act (NGA) at any time and
from time to time to change any rates, charges or provisions set forth in the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) and the "General Terms and Conditions" in Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff,
Third Revised Volume No. 1, and Transporter shall have the right to place such changes in effect in accordance with the NGA, and this Agreement shall be deemed to include such changes and any
such changes 

which
become effective by operation of law and Commission Order, without prejudice to Shipper's right to protest the same. 

13. MISCELLANEOUS: 

No
waiver by either party to this Agreement of any one or more defaults by the other in the performance of this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver of any continuing or future
default(s), whether of a like or a different character. 

 Any
controversy between the parties arising under this Agreement and not resolved by the parties shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan. 

14. OTHER PROVISIONS: 

It
is agreed that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any Partner, agent, management official or employee of the Transporter or any director,
officer or employee of any of the foregoing, for any obligation of the Transporter arising under this Agreement or for any claim based on such obligation and that the sole recourse of Shipper under
this Agreement is limited to assets of the Transporter. 

 Upon
termination of this Agreement, Shipper's and Transporter's obligations to each other arising under this Agreement, prior to the date of termination, remain in effect and are not being terminated
by any provision of this Agreement. 

15. NOTICES AND COMMUNICATIONS: 

All
notices and communications with respect to this Agreement shall be in writing by mail, e-mail, or fax, or other means as agreed to by the parties, and sent to the addresses stated below or to any
other such address(es) as may be designated in writing by mail, e-mail, or fax, or other means similarly agreed to: 

ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS 

Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership 
Commercial Services 
717 Texas Street 
Houston, TX 77002-2761 
 ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 
700 Louisiana St., 
Suite 700 
Houston, TX 77002-2700 
Attn: 

AGREED TO BY: 

GREAT LAKES GAS TRANSMISSION 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
By: Great Lakes Gas Transmission Company 
 
 ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 

/s/ JOSEPH E. POLLARD Joseph E. Pollard 

/s/ STEVEN D. JASKOLSKI Steven D. Jaskolski 

Director Commercial Services 

ANR Pipeline Company 

Dated: October 31, 2014 
 
 Dated: October 31, 2014 

APPENDIX A Contract Identification FT18150 

 Date:
 October 30, 2014 
Supersedes Appendix Dated: Not Applicable 

 Shipper:
ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 

 Maximum
Daily Quantity (Dth/Day) per Location: 

Begin Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 Point(s) of Primary Receipt 
 
 Points(s) of Primary Delivery 
 
 MDO 
 
 Maximum 
Allowable 
Operating 
Pressure 
(MAOP) 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 
 
 SOUTH CHESTER 

101,300 
 
 974 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 
 
 DEWARD 

101,300 
 
 974 

04/01/2015 
 
 10/31/2015 
 
 SOUTH CHESTER 

0 
 
 974 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 

FARWELL 
 
 101,300 
 
 974 

04/01/2015 
 
 10/31/2015 

FARWELL 
 
 0 
 
 974 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 99.12 
 
 TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18150 
 
 APPENDIX A Contract Identification FT18150 

</EX-99.12>

<EX-99.13>
 15
 a2223176zex-99_13.htm
 EX-99.13

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 99.13 

TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18138 

 This
Transportation Service Agreement (Agreement) is entered into by Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership (Transporter) and ANR PIPELINE COMPANY (Shipper). 

 WHEREAS,
Shipper has requested Transporter to transport Gas on its behalf and Transporter represents that it is willing to transport Gas under the terms and conditions of
this Agreement. 

 NOW,
THEREFORE, Transporter and Shipper agree that the terms below constitute the transportation service to be provided and the rights and obligations of Shipper and
Transporter. 

1. EFFECTIVE DATE: November 01, 2015
 2. CONTRACT IDENTIFICATION: FT18138
 3. RATE SCHEDULE: FT
 4. SHIPPER TYPE: Interstate Pl
 5. STATE/PROVINCE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
 6. TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2016
 7. EFFECT ON PREVIOUS CONTRACTS: 

This
Agreement supersedes, cancels and terminates, as of the effective date stated above, the following contract(s): Service Agreement dated October 30, 2014 with Contract Identification
FT18138. 

8. MAXIMUM DAILY QUANTITY (Dth/Day): 115,771 

Please
see Appendix A for further detail. 

9. RATES: 

Unless
Shipper and Transporter have agreed to a rate other than the maximum rate, rates shall be Transporter's maximum rates and charges plus all applicable surcharges in effect from time to time
under the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) on file with the Commission unless otherwise agreed to by the parties in writing. Provisions governing a Rate other than the maximum shall
be set forth in this Paragraph 9 and/or on Appendix B hereto. 

10. POINTS OF RECEIPT AND DELIVERY: 

The
primary receipt and delivery points are set forth on Appendix A. 

11. RELEASED CAPACITY: 

N/A

12. INCORPORATION OF TARIFF INTO AGREEMENT: 

This
Agreement shall incorporate and in all respects be subject to the "General Terms and Conditions" and the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) set forth in Transporter's FERC Gas
Tariff, Third Revised Volume No. 1, as may be revised from time to time. Transporter may file and seek Commission approval under Section 4 of the Natural Gas Act (NGA) at any time and
from time to time to change any rates, charges or provisions set forth in the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) and the "General Terms and Conditions" in Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff,
Third Revised Volume No. 1, and Transporter shall have the right to place such changes in effect in accordance with the NGA, and this Agreement shall be deemed to include such changes and any
such changes 

which
become effective by operation of law and Commission Order, without prejudice to Shipper's right to protest the same. 

13. MISCELLANEOUS: 

No
waiver by either party to this Agreement of any one or more defaults by the other in the performance of this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver of any continuing or future
default(s), whether of a like or a different character. 

 Any
controversy between the parties arising under this Agreement and not resolved by the parties shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan. 

14. OTHER PROVISIONS: 

It
is agreed that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any Partner, agent, management official or employee of the Transporter or any director,
officer or employee of any of the foregoing, for any obligation of the Transporter arising under this Agreement or for any claim based on such obligation and that the sole recourse of Shipper under
this Agreement is limited to assets of the Transporter. 

 Upon
termination of this Agreement, Shipper's and Transporter's obligations to each other arising under this Agreement, prior to the date of termination, remain in effect and are not being terminated
by any provision of this Agreement. 

15. NOTICES AND COMMUNICATIONS: 

All
notices and communications with respect to this Agreement shall be in writing by mail, e-mail, or fax, or other means as agreed to by the parties, and sent to the addresses stated below or to any
other such address(es) as may be designated in writing by mail, e-mail, or fax, or other means similarly agreed to: 

ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS 

Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership 
Commercial Services 
700 Louisiana St., 
Suite 700 
Houston, TX 77002-2700 
 ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 
700 Louisiana St., 
Suite 700 
Houston, TX 77002-2700 
Attn: 

AGREED TO BY: 

GREAT LAKES GAS TRANSMISSION 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
By: Great Lakes Gas Transmission Company 
 
 ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 

/s/ STEVEN D. JASKOLSKI Steven D. Jaskolski 

/s/ JOSEPH E. POLLARD Joseph E. Pollard 

Director, Commercial Services 
 
 Director, Long Term Marketing 

Dated: December 3, 2014 
 
 Dated: December 3, 2014 

APPENDIX A Contract Identification FT18138 

 Date:
 November 01, 2015 
Supersedes Appendix Dated: October 30, 2014 

 Shipper:
ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 

 Maximum
Daily Quantity (Dth/Day) per Location: 

Begin Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 Point(s) of Primary Receipt 
 
 Points(s) of Primary Delivery 
 
 MDO 
 
 Maximum 
Allowable 
Operating 
Pressure 
(MAOP) 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 
 
 SOUTH CHESTER 

115,771 
 
 974 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 
 
 DEWARD 

115,771 
 
 974 

04/01/2015 
 
 10/31/2015 
 
 DEWARD 

0 
 
 974 

11/01/2015 
 
 03/31/2016 
 
 SOUTH CHESTER 

115,771 
 
 974 

11/01/2015 
 
 03/31/2016 
 
 DEWARD 

115,771 
 
 974 

04/01/2016 
 
 10/31/2016 
 
 DEWARD 

0 
 
 974 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 

FARWELL 
 
 115,771 
 
 974 

04/01/2015 
 
 10/31/2015 

FARWELL 
 
 0 
 
 974 

11/01/2015 
 
 03/31/2016 

FARWELL 
 
 115,771 
 
 974 

04/01/2016 
 
 10/31/2016 

FARWELL 
 
 0 
 
 974 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 99.13 
 
 TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18138 
 
 APPENDIX A Contract Identification FT18138 

</EX-99.13>

<EX-99.14>
 16
 a2223176zex-99_14.htm
 EX-99.14

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 99.14 

TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18139 

 This
Transportation Service Agreement (Agreement) is entered into by Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership (Transporter) and ANR PIPELINE COMPANY (Shipper). 

 WHEREAS,
Shipper has requested Transporter to transport Gas on its behalf and Transporter represents that it is willing to transport Gas under the terms and conditions of
this Agreement. 

 NOW,
THEREFORE, Transporter and Shipper agree that the terms below constitute the transportation service to be provided and the rights and obligations of Shipper and
Transporter. 

1. EFFECTIVE DATE: November 01, 2015
 2. CONTRACT IDENTIFICATION: FT18139
 3. RATE SCHEDULE: FT
 4. SHIPPER TYPE: Interstate Pl
 5. STATE/PROVINCE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
 6. TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2016
 7. EFFECT ON PREVIOUS CONTRACTS: 

This
Agreement supersedes, cancels and terminates, as of the effective date stated above, the following contract(s): Service Agreement dated October 30, 2014 with Contract Identification
FT18139. 

8. MAXIMUM DAILY QUANTITY (Dth/Day): 178,440 

Please
see Appendix A for further detail. 

9. RATES: 

Unless
Shipper and Transporter have agreed to a rate other than the maximum rate, rates shall be Transporter's maximum rates and charges plus all applicable surcharges in effect from time to time
under the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) on file with the Commission unless otherwise agreed to by the parties in writing. Provisions governing a Rate other than the maximum shall
be set forth in this Paragraph 9 and/or on Appendix B hereto. 

10. POINTS OF RECEIPT AND DELIVERY: 

The
primary receipt and delivery points are set forth on Appendix A. 

11. RELEASED CAPACITY: 

N/A

12. INCORPORATION OF TARIFF INTO AGREEMENT: 

This
Agreement shall incorporate and in all respects be subject to the "General Terms and Conditions" and the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) set forth in Transporter's FERC Gas
Tariff, Third Revised Volume No. 1, as may be revised from time to time. Transporter may file and seek Commission approval under Section 4 of the Natural Gas Act (NGA) at any time and
from time to time to change any rates, charges or provisions set forth in the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) and the "General Terms and Conditions" in Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff,
Third Revised Volume No. 1, and Transporter shall have the right to place such changes in effect in accordance with the NGA, and this Agreement shall be deemed to include such changes and any
such changes 

which
become effective by operation of law and Commission Order, without prejudice to Shipper's right to protest the same. 

13. MISCELLANEOUS: 

No
waiver by either party to this Agreement of any one or more defaults by the other in the performance of this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver of any continuing or future
default(s), whether of a like or a different character. 

 Any
controversy between the parties arising under this Agreement and not resolved by the parties shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan. 

14. OTHER PROVISIONS: 

It
is agreed that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any Partner, agent, management official or employee of the Transporter or any director,
officer or employee of any of the foregoing, for any obligation of the Transporter arising under this Agreement or for any claim based on such obligation and that the sole recourse of Shipper under
this Agreement is limited to assets of the Transporter. 

 Upon
termination of this Agreement, Shipper's and Transporter's obligations to each other arising under this Agreement, prior to the date of termination, remain in effect and are not being terminated
by any provision of this Agreement. 

15. NOTICES AND COMMUNICATIONS: 

All
notices and communications with respect to this Agreement shall be in writing by mail, e-mail, or fax, or other means as agreed to by the parties, and sent to the addresses stated below or to any
other such address(es) as may be designated in writing by mail, e-mail, or fax, or other means similarly agreed to: 

ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS 

Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership 
Commercial Services 
700 Louisiana St., 
Suite 700 
Houston, TX 77002-2700 
 ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 
700 Louisiana St., 
Suite 700 
Houston, TX 77002-2700 
Attn: 

AGREED TO BY: 

GREAT LAKES GAS TRANSMISSION 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
By: Great Lakes Gas Transmission Company 
 
 ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 

/s/ STEVEN D. JASKOLSKI Steven D. Jaskolski 

/s/ JOSEPH E. POLLARD Joseph E. Pollard 

Director, Commercial Services 
 
 Director, Long Term Marketing 

Dated: December 3, 2014 
 
 Dated: December 3, 2014 

APPENDIX A Contract Identification FT18139 

 Date:
 November 01, 2015 
Supersedes Appendix Dated: October 30, 2014 

 Shipper:
ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 

 Maximum
Daily Quantity (Dth/Day) per Location: 

Begin Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 Point(s) of Primary Receipt 
 
 Points(s) of Primary Delivery 
 
 MDO 
 
 Maximum 
Allowable 
Operating 
Pressure 
(MAOP) 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 
 
 DEWARD 

178,440 
 
 974 

04/01/2015 
 
 10/31/2015 
 
 DEWARD 

0 
 
 974 

11/01/2015 
 
 03/31/2016 
 
 DEWARD 

178,440 
 
 974 

04/01/2016 
 
 10/31/2016 
 
 DEWARD 

0 
 
 974 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 

FARWELL 
 
 178,440 
 
 974 

04/01/2015 
 
 10/31/2015 

FARWELL 
 
 0 
 
 974 

11/01/2015 
 
 03/31/2016 

FARWELL 
 
 178,440 
 
 974 

04/01/2016 
 
 10/31/2016 

FARWELL 
 
 0 
 
 974 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 99.14 
 
 TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18139 
 
 APPENDIX A Contract Identification FT18139 

</EX-99.14>

<EX-99.15>
 17
 a2223176zex-99_15.htm
 EX-99.15

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 99.15 

TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18147 

 This
Transportation Service Agreement (Agreement) is entered into by Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership (Transporter) and ANR PIPELINE COMPANY (Shipper). 

 WHEREAS,
Shipper has requested Transporter to transport Gas on its behalf and Transporter represents that it is willing to transport Gas under the terms and conditions of
this Agreement. 

 NOW,
THEREFORE, Transporter and Shipper agree that the terms below constitute the transportation service to be provided and the rights and obligations of Shipper and
Transporter. 

1. EFFECTIVE DATE: November 01, 2015
 2. CONTRACT IDENTIFICATION: FT18147
 3. RATE SCHEDULE: FT
 4. SHIPPER TYPE: Interstate Pl
 5. STATE/PROVINCE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
 6. TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2016
 7. EFFECT ON PREVIOUS CONTRACTS: 

This
Agreement supersedes, cancels and terminates, as of the effective date stated above, the following contract(s): Service Agreement dated October 30, 2014 with Contract Identification
FT18147. 

8. MAXIMUM DAILY QUANTITY (Dth/Day): 303,900 

Please
see Appendix A for further detail. 

9. RATES: 

Unless
Shipper and Transporter have agreed to a rate other than the maximum rate, rates shall be Transporter's maximum rates and charges plus all applicable surcharges in effect from time to time
under the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) on file with the Commission unless otherwise agreed to by the parties in writing. Provisions governing a Rate other than the maximum shall
be set forth in this Paragraph 9 and/or on Appendix B hereto. 

10. POINTS OF RECEIPT AND DELIVERY: 

The
primary receipt and delivery points are set forth on Appendix A. 

11. RELEASED CAPACITY: 

N/A

12. INCORPORATION OF TARIFF INTO AGREEMENT: 

This
Agreement shall incorporate and in all respects be subject to the "General Terms and Conditions" and the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) set forth in Transporter's FERC Gas
Tariff, Third Revised Volume No. 1, as may be revised from time to time. Transporter may file and seek Commission approval under Section 4 of the Natural Gas Act (NGA) at any time and
from time to time to change any rates, charges or provisions set forth in the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) and the "General Terms and Conditions" in Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff,
Third Revised Volume No. 1, and Transporter shall have the right to place such changes in effect in accordance with the NGA, and this Agreement shall be deemed to include such changes and any
such changes 

which
become effective by operation of law and Commission Order, without prejudice to Shipper's right to protest the same. 

13. MISCELLANEOUS: 

No
waiver by either party to this Agreement of any one or more defaults by the other in the performance of this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver of any continuing or future
default(s), whether of a like or a different character. 

 Any
controversy between the parties arising under this Agreement and not resolved by the parties shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan. 

14. OTHER PROVISIONS: 

It
is agreed that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any Partner, agent, management official or employee of the Transporter or any director,
officer or employee of any of the foregoing, for any obligation of the Transporter arising under this Agreement or for any claim based on such obligation and that the sole recourse of Shipper under
this Agreement is limited to assets of the Transporter. 

 Upon
termination of this Agreement, Shipper's and Transporter's obligations to each other arising under this Agreement, prior to the date of termination, remain in effect and are not being terminated
by any provision of this Agreement. 

15. NOTICES AND COMMUNICATIONS: 

All
notices and communications with respect to this Agreement shall be in writing by mail, e-mail, or fax, or other means as agreed to by the parties, and sent to the addresses stated below or to any
other such address(es) as may be designated in writing by mail, e-mail, or fax, or other means similarly agreed to: 

ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS 

Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership 
Commercial Services 
700 Louisiana St., 
Suite 700 
Houston, TX 77002-2700 
 ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 
700 Louisiana St., 
Suite 700 
Houston, TX 77002-2700 
Attn: 

AGREED TO BY: 

GREAT LAKES GAS TRANSMISSION 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
By: Great Lakes Gas Transmission Company 
 
 ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 

/s/ STEVEN D. JASKOLSKI Steven D. Jaskolski 

/s/ JOSEPH E. POLLARD Joseph E. Pollard 

Director, Commercial Services 
 
 Director, Long Term Marketing 

Dated: December 3, 2014 
 
 Dated: December 3, 2014 

APPENDIX A Contract Identification FT18147 

 Date:
 November 01, 2015 
Supersedes Appendix Dated: October 30, 2014 

 Shipper:
ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 

 Maximum
Daily Quantity (Dth/Day) per Location: 

Begin Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 Point(s) of Primary Receipt 
 
 Points(s) of Primary Delivery 
 
 MDO 
 
 Maximum 
Allowable 
Operating 
Pressure 
(MAOP) 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 
 
 SOUTH CHESTER 

303,900 
 
 974 

04/01/2015 
 
 10/31/2015 
 
 SOUTH CHESTER 

0 
 
 974 

11/01/2015 
 
 03/31/2016 
 
 SOUTH CHESTER 

303,900 
 
 974 

04/01/2016 
 
 10/31/2016 
 
 SOUTH CHESTER 

0 
 
 974 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 

FORTUNE LAKE 
 
 303,900 
 
 974 

04/01/2015 
 
 10/31/2015 

FORTUNE LAKE 
 
 0 
 
 974 

11/01/2015 
 
 03/31/2016 

FORTUNE LAKE 
 
 303,900 
 
 974 

04/01/2016 
 
 10/31/2016 

FORTUNE LAKE 
 
 0 
 
 974 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 99.15 
 
 TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18147 
 
 APPENDIX A Contract Identification FT18147 

</EX-99.15>

<EX-99.16>
 18
 a2223176zex-99_16.htm
 EX-99.16

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 99.16 

TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18150 

 This
Transportation Service Agreement (Agreement) is entered into by Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership (Transporter) and ANR PIPELINE COMPANY (Shipper). 

 WHEREAS,
Shipper has requested Transporter to transport Gas on its behalf and Transporter represents that it is willing to transport Gas under the terms and conditions of
this Agreement. 

 NOW,
THEREFORE, Transporter and Shipper agree that the terms below constitute the transportation service to be provided and the rights and obligations of Shipper and
Transporter. 

1. EFFECTIVE DATE: November 01, 2015
 2. CONTRACT IDENTIFICATION: FT18150
 3. RATE SCHEDULE: FT
 4. SHIPPER TYPE: Interstate Pl
 5. STATE/PROVINCE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
 6. TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2016
 7. EFFECT ON PREVIOUS CONTRACTS: 

This
Agreement supersedes, cancels and terminates, as of the effective date stated above, the following contract(s): Service Agreement dated October 30, 2014 with Contract Identification
FT18150. 

8. MAXIMUM DAILY QUANTITY (Dth/Day): 101,300 

Please
see Appendix A for further detail. 

9. RATES: 

Unless
Shipper and Transporter have agreed to a rate other than the maximum rate, rates shall be Transporter's maximum rates and charges plus all applicable surcharges in effect from time to time
under the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) on file with the Commission unless otherwise agreed to by the parties in writing. Provisions governing a Rate other than the maximum shall
be set forth in this Paragraph 9 and/or on Appendix B hereto. 

10. POINTS OF RECEIPT AND DELIVERY: 

The
primary receipt and delivery points are set forth on Appendix A. 

11. RELEASED CAPACITY: 

N/A

12. INCORPORATION OF TARIFF INTO AGREEMENT: 

This
Agreement shall incorporate and in all respects be subject to the "General Terms and Conditions" and the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) set forth in Transporter's FERC Gas
Tariff, Third Revised Volume No. 1, as may be revised from time to time. Transporter may file and seek Commission approval under Section 4 of the Natural Gas Act (NGA) at any time and
from time to time to change any rates, charges or provisions set forth in the applicable Rate Schedule (as stated above) and the "General Terms and Conditions" in Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff,
Third Revised Volume No. 1, and Transporter shall have the right to place such changes in effect in accordance with the NGA, and this Agreement shall be deemed to include such changes and any
such changes 

which
become effective by operation of law and Commission Order, without prejudice to Shipper's right to protest the same. 

13. MISCELLANEOUS: 

No
waiver by either party to this Agreement of any one or more defaults by the other in the performance of this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver of any continuing or future
default(s), whether of a like or a different character. 

 Any
controversy between the parties arising under this Agreement and not resolved by the parties shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan. 

14. OTHER PROVISIONS: 

It
is agreed that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any Partner, agent, management official or employee of the Transporter or any director,
officer or employee of any of the foregoing, for any obligation of the Transporter arising under this Agreement or for any claim based on such obligation and that the sole recourse of Shipper under
this Agreement is limited to assets of the Transporter. 

 Upon
termination of this Agreement, Shipper's and Transporter's obligations to each other arising under this Agreement, prior to the date of termination, remain in effect and are not being terminated
by any provision of this Agreement. 

15. NOTICES AND COMMUNICATIONS: 

All
notices and communications with respect to this Agreement shall be in writing by mail, e-mail, or fax, or other means as agreed to by the parties, and sent to the addresses stated below or to any
other such address(es) as may be designated in writing by mail, e-mail, or fax, or other means similarly agreed to: 

ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS 

Great Lakes Gas Transmission Limited Partnership 
Commercial Services 
700 Louisiana St., 
Suite 700 
Houston, TX 77002-2700 
 ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 
700 Louisiana St., 
Suite 700 
Houston, TX 77002-2700 
Attn: 

AGREED TO BY: 

GREAT LAKES GAS TRANSMISSION 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
By: Great Lakes Gas Transmission Company 
 
 ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 

/s/ STEVEN D. JASKOLSKI Steven D. Jaskolski 

/s/ JOSEPH E. POLLARD Joseph E. Pollard 

Director, Commercial Services 
 
 Director, Long Term Marketing 

Dated: December 3, 2014 
 
 Dated: December 3, 2014 

APPENDIX A Contract Identification FT18150 

 Date:
 November 01, 2015 
Supersedes Appendix Dated: October 30, 2014 

 Shipper:
ANR PIPELINE COMPANY 

 Maximum
Daily Quantity (Dth/Day) per Location: 

Begin Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 Point(s) of Primary Receipt 
 
 Points(s) of Primary Delivery 
 
 MDO 
 
 Maximum 
Allowable 
Operating 
Pressure 
(MAOP) 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 
 
 SOUTH CHESTER 

101,300 
 
 974 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 
 
 DEWARD 

101,300 
 
 974 

04/01/2015 
 
 10/31/2015 
 
 SOUTH CHESTER 

0 
 
 974 

11/01/2015 
 
 03/31/2016 
 
 SOUTH CHESTER 

101,300 
 
 974 

11/01/2015 
 
 03/31/2016 
 
 DEWARD 

101,300 
 
 974 

04/01/2016 
 
 10/31/2016 
 
 SOUTH CHESTER 

0 
 
 974 

11/01/2014 
 
 03/31/2015 

FARWELL 
 
 101,300 
 
 974 

04/01/2015 
 
 10/31/2015 

FARWELL 
 
 0 
 
 974 

11/01/2015 
 
 03/31/2016 

FARWELL 
 
 101,300 
 
 974 

04/01/2016 
 
 10/31/2016 

FARWELL 
 
 0 
 
 974 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 99.16 
 
 TRANSPORTATION SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract Identification FT18150 
 
 APPENDIX A Contract Identification FT18150 

</EX-99.16>

<EX-101.INS>
 19
 tclp-20141231.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 20
 tclp-20141231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 21
 tclp-20141231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 22
 tclp-20141231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 23
 tclp-20141231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 24
 tclp-20141231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

