<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20150317_10-K_edgar_data_1553830_0001144204-15-016812.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22062873</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>284209</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6546271</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9058611</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2716201</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2606628</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-15-016812.hdr.sgml : 20150317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20150317172717
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-15-016812
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001553830
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				311441050
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-191004
		FILM NUMBER:		15707961

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		188 WEST MAIN STREET
		CITY:			LOGAN
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43137
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(740) 385-8561

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		188 WEST MAIN STREET
		CITY:			LOGAN
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43137

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-15-016812.txt : 20150317

10-K
 1
 v401041_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 

 or 

o 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

 Commission File Number 333-191004 

CITIZENS INDEPENDENT BANCORP, INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

OHIO 

31-1441050 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

188 West Main Street Logan, OH 

43138 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (740) 385-8561 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common Shares, no par value 

 (Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o No 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes o No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No o 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files. Yes No o 

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer o 

Accelerated filer o 

Non-Accelerated filer o 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 

 Based on the closing book price of the registrant s common shares as of June 30, 2014, the aggregate value of the voting common shares held by non-affiliates was 8,454,000. 

 As of March 13, 2015, 623,467 shares of the registrant s no par value common stock were outstanding. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 INDEX 

 FORM 10-K 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. Description of Business 

1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

14 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

21 

Item 2. Properties 

21 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

21 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

21 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

22 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

23 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 

24 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

40 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

41 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

42 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

42 

Item 9B. Other Information 

42 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

43 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

43 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

43 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

43 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

43 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

44 

Signatures 

46 

i

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PART I 

 ITEM 1 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

 General 

 Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. Bancorp was organized under the laws of the State of Ohio in 1994 to be the bank holding company for The Citizens Bank of Logan Citizens Bank or Bank ). As a bank holding company, Bancorp is subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland FRB ). The FRB regulates the types of banking and nonbanking activities in which the Company may engage. At this time, the Company is not directly engaged in any permissible nonbanking activities. The term Company is used in this Form 10-K to refer to Bancorp and Citizens Bank,
collectively. 

 Chartered in 1961, the Bank is an independent, community bank headquartered in Logan, Ohio, offering a broad range of financial services. The Bank is regulated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC and the Ohio Division of Financial Institutions DFI ). 

 The Bank operates through its home office, located at 188 West Main Street, Logan, Ohio 43138, and five branch offices located in Athens and Hocking Counties in Ohio and a loan production office located in Fairfield County, Ohio. We seek to deliver exceptional quality service while providing innovative products. Our priority has been, and continues to be, to create shareholder value by establishing an attractive commercial banking franchise and providing valuable service through relationship-oriented employees who are committed to the communities that we serve and to building lasting customer relationships. 

 During 2014, the Bank legally dissolved its two subsidiaries. Citizens Independent Mortgage Company, an Ohio corporation, and Citizens Travel Center LLC, a travel agency organized as an Ohio limited liability company that was closed in 2013. 

 As of December 31, 2014, the Company had consolidated net assets of 201.8 million, total loans (net of allowance for loan losses, referred to as net loans of 142.6 million, total deposits of 178.0 million, and shareholders equity of 14.8 million. 

 Primary Lines of Business 

 The Bank is a full service bank offering a wide variety of services to satisfy the needs of the consumer and commercial customers in our market area. Fundamental to our business are skilled bankers building full banking relationships with high quality customers. We believe that there is no substitute for knowing and understanding your customer when seeking attractive risk-adjusted returns in the extension of credit. We plan to continue to evaluate and adapt our services and product offerings as our customer base grows and the needs of the marketplace evolve. 

 The Bank currently offers banking services of traditional, independent community banks including demand deposit accounts, savings accounts, and certificates of deposit. The Bank s loans are for any legitimate purpose, which includes commercial and industrial loans, real estate loans, including commercial income-producing real estate loans, construction and development loans, residential real estate loans, and consumer loans. Consumer loans offered include loans for the purpose of purchasing automobiles, recreational vehicles, personal residences, household goods, home improvements, or for educational needs. The Bank s
business is not seasonal in any material respect. 

 The principal risk associated with each category of loans we make is the creditworthiness of the borrower. Borrower creditworthiness is affected by general economic conditions and the attributes of the borrower s market or industry segment. Attributes of the relevant business market or industry segment include the competitive environment, customer and supplier power, threat of substitutes, and barriers to entry and exit. Our credit policy requires that key risks be identified and measured, documented and mitigated, to the extent possible, to seek to ensure the soundness of our loan portfolio. 

 Our credit policy also provides detailed procedures for making loans to individuals along with the regulatory requirements to ensure that all loan applications are evaluated subject to our fair lending policy. Our credit policy addresses the common credit standards for making loans to individuals, the credit analysis and financial statement requirements, the collateral requirements, including insurance coverage where appropriate, as well as 

1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 the documentation required. Our ability to analyze a borrower s current financial health and credit history, as well as the value of collateral as a secondary source of repayment, when applicable, are significant factors in determining the creditworthiness of loans to individuals. 

 As of December 31, 2014, less than 3.4 of our total loan portfolio was unsecured, representing loans made to borrowers considered to be of sufficient financial strength to merit unsecured financing. As of December 31, 2014, approximately 32.0 of our total portfolio was fixed rate loans and approximately 68.0 of our total portfolio was variable rate loans. 

 Commercial and Industrial Loans . Our lending activities focus primarily on providing small- and medium-sized businesses, agricultural businesses, and farms in our market area with commercial business loans. These loans are both secured and unsecured and are made available for general operating purposes, acquisition of fixed assets including real estate, equipment and machinery, lines of credit collateralized by inventory, and accounts receivable, as well as any other purposes considered appropriate by our executive management. For loans secured by accounts receivable or inventory, principal is typically
repaid as the assets securing the loan are converted into cash. Typically, we make equipment loans for a term of three to five years at fixed or variable interest rates with the loan amortized over the term. Equipment loans are generally secured by the financed equipment at advance ratios that we believe are appropriate for the equipment type. 

 In our credit underwriting process, we carefully evaluate the borrower s industry, operating performance, liquidity, and financial condition. We underwrite credits based on multiple repayment sources, including operating cash flow, liquidation of collateral, and guarantor support, if any. As of December 31, 2014, approximately 78.8 of our commercial and industrial loans were secured and a significant portion of those loans were supported by personal guarantees. We closely monitor the operating performance, liquidity and financial condition of borrowers through analysis of periodic financial statements and meetings with
the borrower s management. As part of our credit underwriting process, we also review the borrower s total debt obligations on a global basis. 

 Commercial Real Estate Loans . We make commercial real estate loans, or CRE loans, on income-producing properties. The primary collateral for CRE loans is a first lien mortgage on multi-family, office, warehouse, hotel, or retail property plus assignments of all leases related to the properties. Our CRE loans generally have maturity dates and amortization schedules of 15 to 25 years, nearly all with floating rates of interest. We seek to reduce the risks associated with commercial mortgage lending by focusing our lending in our target markets and obtaining financial statements, tax returns or both from
borrowers and guarantors at regular intervals. In underwriting CRE loans, we consider the borrower s financial strength, cash flow, liquidity, and credit. In the event there is more than one borrower on the loan, we analyze global cash flow of all borrowers. 

 We also make construction and land development loans generally to local builders, developers, or persons who will ultimately not occupy the property being developed. We have no loans to national developers. Our construction and land development loans are intended to provide interim financing on the property and the principal amounts are based on percentages of the cost or as-completed appraised value of the property securing the loans. Additionally, when underwriting the loan, we consider the operating performance, liquidity, financial condition, and the reputation of the borrower and any guarantors, the amount of the
borrower s equity in the project, independent appraisals, cost estimates, and pre-construction sale information. The ratio of the loan principal to the value of the collateral as established by independent appraisal typically does not exceed regulatory guidelines. Construction and land development loan funds are disbursed periodically at pre-specified stages of completion of construction and only after the project has been inspected by an experienced construction lender or third-party inspector. We carefully monitor these loans with on-site inspections and by closely monitoring disbursements. 

 CRE loans are secured by business and commercial properties. Typically our loan-to-value benchmark for these loans is below 80 at inception, with satisfactory debt service coverage ratios as well. As of December 31, 2014, we had 74.4 million in CRE loans outstanding, comprising approximately 50.8 of our total loan portfolio. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Residential Real Estate Loans . Our lending activities include the origination of first and second lien loans, including home equity line of credit loans, secured by residential real estate that is located primarily in our target markets. These customers would primarily include branch and retail banking customers. Typically our loan-to-value benchmark for these loans is below 90 at inception, with satisfactory debt-to-income ratios as well. As of December 31, 2014, we had a total of 38.8 million in outstanding residential real estate loans, comprising 26.5 of our total loan portfolio. 

 Personal Loans and Credit . We make personal loans and lines of credit available to consumers for various purposes, such as the purchase of automobiles, boats, and other recreational vehicles and the making of home improvements and personal investments. At December 31, 2014, we had 19.7 million in personal loans, which represented 13.4 of total loans. 

 Deposit Generation . We generate deposits primarily through offering a broad array of deposit products to individuals, businesses, associations, financial institutions and government entities in our geographic market. We generally seek a full banking relationship from our lending customers. This often includes encouraging a new customer to consider both business and personal checking accounts and other deposit services. Our deposit services include checking, savings, and money market accounts, certificates of deposit, direct deposit services, and telephone and internet banking. As of December 31, 2014,
the Bank had total deposits of 178.0 million. 

 Stock Offering 

 On October 25, 2013, we commenced an offering for the sale of up to 369,754 of our common shares, without par value, at a subscription price of 15.39 per share (up to 5,690,514), which subscription price was intended to be equal to 90 of the book value per share of the Company on September 30, 2013. This price was later amended to 14.49 per share. The offering had two components, a rights offering, which expired on January 31, 2014, followed by a public offering which expired on June 25, 2014. Pursuant to the terms of the offering, if the Company would not have received aggregate subscriptions for at least 2,500,000 in the
rights offering and the public offering before the expiration of the public offering (the Minimum Subscription Condition ), the offering would be terminated, all subscriptions would be rejected and all subscription amounts received in the rights offering and the public offering would be returned to the subscribers. 

 Rights Offering 

 In the rights offering, for each of our common shares held by a shareholder on October 21, 2013, the record date of the rights offering, the shareholder received a subscription right to purchase one of our common shares at the 15.39 per share subscription price (later amended to 14.49 per share). In addition, for each two shares purchased by a shareholder in the rights offering, the Company issued to the shareholder, for no additional consideration, a warrant entitling the shareholder to purchase, upon exercise of the warrant, one additional common share. The exercise price of each warrant share is equal to 90 of the book
value of a common share as reflected on the books of the Company on the last day of the month prior to the warrant exercise date. The warrant, exercisable until June 25, 2016, may be exercised only by payment of the warrant exercise price in cash and is non-transferable. 

 Public Offering 

 On February 1, 2014, following the expiration of the rights offering, the Company commenced the public offering of the common shares (and warrants) that were not subscribed for in the rights offering. The subscription price of the common shares, and the warrant terms, offered in the public offering were the same as those offered to the Company s shareholders in the rights offering. 

 At the close of the public offering, the Company had sold and issued a total of 238,057 shares of common stock with 119,003 accompanying warrants. As of March 13, 2015, 11,367 warrants have been exercised and an additional 11,367 shares of common stock have been issued. 

 Employees 

 Bancorp does not have any employees. As of December 31, 2014, the Bank had approximately 60 full-time employees and 7 part-time employees. The future success of the Bank depends, in part, on its ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly qualified management and other personnel, for whom competition is 

3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 intense. The Bank believes that its employees are critical to the success of the institution. The Bank provides group health, dental, life, and disability insurance for its employees. The Bank s employees are not represented by a collective bargaining agreement and the Bank has never experienced a strike or similar work stoppage. The Bank considers its relationship with its employees to be satisfactory. 

 Market 

 We consider our primary market area to be Hocking and Athens Counties, Ohio. The Bank serves this market through four full service locations, which include the Bank s main office located at 188 West Main Street, Logan, Hocking County, Ohio, two limited service locations, and a loan production office located in Fairfield County, Ohio. The principal economic activities in the Bank s market area include manufacturing, the service sector for local universities, tourism, construction, healthcare, retailing, and food services. 

 Competition 

 Competition in originating non-residential mortgage and commercial loans comes mainly from commercial banks with banking center offices in the Company s market area. Competition for the origination of mortgage loans arises mainly from savings associations, commercial banks, and mortgage companies. The distinction among market participants is based on a combination of price, the quality of customer service and name recognition. The Company competes for loans by offering competitive interest rates and product types and by seeking to provide a higher level of personal service to borrowers than is furnished by competitors. The
Bank has a significant market share of the lending markets in which it conducts operations. 

 Management believes that the Bank s most direct competition for deposits comes from local financial institutions. The distinction among market participants is based on price and the quality of customer service and name recognition. The Bank s cost of funds fluctuates with general market interest rates. During certain interest rate environments, additional significant competition for deposits may be expected from corporate and governmental debt securities, as well as from money market mutual funds. The Bank competes for conventional deposits by emphasizing quality of service, extensive product lines and competitive
pricing. 

 Supervision and Regulation 

 Bancorp and the Bank are subject to extensive regulation by federal and state agencies. The regulation of bank holding companies and their subsidiaries is intended primarily for the protection of consumers, depositors, borrowers, the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund and the banking system as a whole and not for the protection of shareholders. Applicable laws and regulations restrict permissible activities and investments and require actions to protect loan, deposit, brokerage, fiduciary, and other customers, as well as the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund. They also may restrict Bancorp s ability to repurchase its
common shares or to receive dividends from the Bank and impose capital adequacy and liquidity requirements. 

 Bancorp is registered with the FRB as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the Bank Holding Company Act ). As a bank holding company, Bancorp is subject to regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act and to inspection, examination, and supervision by the FRB. 

 The Bank, as an Ohio commercial bank, is subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the DFI and FDIC. 

 The following information describes selected federal and state statutory and regulatory provisions and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the particular statutory or regulatory provisions. These statutes and regulations are continually under review by the United States Congress and state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies. A change in statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies applicable to Bancorp and the Bank could have a material effect on their respective businesses. 

 Regulation of Bank Holding Companies . As a bank holding company, Bancorp s activities are subject to extensive regulation by the FRB. Bancorp is required to file reports with the FRB and such additional information as the FRB may require, and is subject to regular examinations by the FRB. 

4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 The FRB also has extensive enforcement authority over bank holding companies, including, among other things, the ability to: 

assess civil money penalties; 

issue cease and desist or removal orders; and 

require that a bank holding company divest subsidiaries (including a subsidiary bank). 

In general, the FRB may initiate enforcement actions for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. 

 Under FRB policy, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source of financial strength to each subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support such subsidiary bank. Under this policy, the FRB may require a bank holding company to contribute additional capital to an undercapitalized subsidiary bank and may disapprove of the payment of dividends to the shareholders if the FRB believes the payment of such dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice. 

 The Bank Holding Company Act requires the prior approval of the FRB in any case where a bank holding company proposes to: 

acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any bank that is not already majority-owned by it; 

acquire all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or another financial or bank holding company; or 

merge or consolidate with any other financial or bank holding company. 

With some exceptions, bank holding companies are prohibited from acquiring or retaining direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any company that is not a bank or bank holding company or from engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks, or providing services for its subsidiaries. The principal exceptions to these prohibitions involve non-bank activities that, by statute or by Federal Reserve regulations or order, are deemed to be closely related to the business of banking or of managing or controlling banks. 

 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 GLBA permits a qualifying bank holding company to become a financial holding company and thereby affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature and not otherwise permissible for a bank holding company. Bancorp is not a financial holding company. 

 Each subsidiary bank of a bank holding company is subject to certain restrictions imposed by the Federal Reserve Act on the maintenance of reserves against deposits, extensions of credit to the bank holding company or any of its subsidiaries, investments in the shares or other securities of the bank holding company or its subsidiaries, and the taking of such shares or securities as collateral for loans to any borrower. Further, a bank holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tying arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, lease or sale of property, or furnishing of any
services. Various consumer laws and regulations also affect the operations of these subsidiaries. 

 Transactions with Affiliates, Directors, Executive Officers, and Shareholders . Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and FRB Regulation W generally: 

limit the extent to which a bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate; 

limit the extent to which a bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with all affiliates; and 

require that all such transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the bank or subsidiary, as those provided to a non-affiliate. 

5 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 An affiliate of a bank is any company or entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the bank. The term covered transaction includes the making of loans to the affiliate, the purchase of assets from the affiliate, the issuance of a guarantee on behalf of the affiliate, the purchase of securities issued by the affiliate, and other similar types of transactions. 

 A bank s authority to extend credit to executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 shareholders, as well as entities such persons control, is subject to Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O promulgated thereunder by the FRB. Among other things, these loans must be made on terms (including interest rates charged and collateral required) substantially the same as those offered to unaffiliated individuals or be made as part of a benefit or compensation program and on terms widely available to employees, and must not involve a greater than normal risk of repayment. In addition, the
amount of loans a bank may make to these persons is based, in part, on the bank s capital position, and specified approval procedures must be followed in making loans which exceed specified amounts. 

 Regulation of Ohio Banks . Regulation by the DFI affects the internal organization of Citizens Bank, as well as its depository, lending, and other investment activities. Periodic examinations by the DFI are usually conducted on a joint basis with the FDIC. Ohio law requires that Citizens Bank maintain federal deposit insurance as a condition of doing business. The ability of Ohio chartered banks to engage in certain state-authorized investments is subject to oversight and approval by the FDIC. 

 The ability of Citizens Bank to engage in any state-authorized activities or make any state-authorized investments, as principal, is limited if such activity is conducted or investment is made in a manner different than that permitted for, or subject to different terms and conditions than those imposed on, national banks. Engaging as a principal in any such activity or investment not permissible for a national bank is subject to approval by the FDIC. Such approval will not be granted unless certain capital requirements are met and there is not a significant risk to the FDIC insurance fund. Most equity and real estate
investments (excluding office space and other real estate owned) authorized by state law are not permitted for national banks. Certain exceptions are granted for activities deemed by the FRB to be closely related to banking and for FDIC-approved subsidiary activities. 

 Any mergers involving or acquisitions of control of Ohio banks must be approved by the DFI. The DFI may initiate certain supervisory measures or formal enforcement actions against Ohio chartered banks. Ultimately, if the grounds provided by law exist, the DFI may place an Ohio chartered bank in conservatorship or receivership. 

 In addition to being governed by the laws of Ohio specifically governing banks, Citizens Bank is also governed by Ohio corporate law, to the extent such law does not conflict with the laws specifically governing banks. 

 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation . The FDIC is an independent federal agency which insures the deposits, up to prescribed statutory limits, of federally-insured banks and savings associations and safeguards the safety and soundness of the financial institution industry. 

 Insurance premiums for each insured depository institution are determined based upon the institution s capital level and supervisory rating provided to the FDIC by the institution s primary federal regulator and other information the FDIC determines to be relevant to the risk posed to the Deposit Insurance Fund by the institution. The assessment rate determined by considering such information is then applied to the amount of the institution s average assets minus average tangible equity to determine the institution s insurance premium. An increase in the assessment rate could have a material adverse effect
on the earnings of the affected institution(s), depending on the amount of the increase. 

 Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the insured depository institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, or condition enacted or imposed by the institution s regulatory agency. 

6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Regulatory Capital . The FRB has adopted risk-based capital guidelines for bank holding companies and state member banks. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC and the FDIC have adopted risk-based capital guidelines for national banks and state non-member banks, respectively. The guidelines provide a systematic analytical framework which makes regulatory capital requirements sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banking organizations, takes off-balance sheet exposures expressly into account in evaluating capital adequacy, and minimizes disincentives to holding
liquid, low-risk assets. Capital levels as measured by these standards are also used to categorize financial institutions for purposes of certain prompt corrective action regulatory provisions. 

 Prior to January 1, 2015, the guidelines included a minimum for the ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of 8 , with at least half of the ratio composed of common shareholders equity, minority interests in certain equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries and a limited amount of qualifying preferred stock and qualified trust preferred securities, less goodwill and certain other intangible assets (known as Tier 1 risk-based capital). The guidelines also provided for a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to average assets, or leverage ratio, of 3 for bank holding companies that meet certain
criteria, including having the highest regulatory rating, and 4 for all other bank holding companies. 

 The risk-based capital guidelines adopted by the federal banking agencies are based on the International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Capital Standard (Basel I), published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee in 1988. In 2004, the Basel Committee published a new capital adequacy framework (Basel II) for large, internationally active banking organizations, and in December 2010 and January 2011, the Basel Committee issued an update to Basel II Basel III ). The Basel Committee frameworks did not become applicable to banks supervised in the United States
until adopted into United States law or regulations. Although the United States banking regulators imposed some of the Basel II and Basel III rules on banks with 250 billion or more in assets or 10 billion of on-balance sheet foreign exposure, it was not until July 2013 that the United States banking regulators issued final (or, in the case of the FDIC, interim final) new capital rules applicable to smaller banking organizations which also implement certain of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act (the Basel III Capital Rules ). Community banking organizations, including Bancorp and the Bank, began transitioning to the new rules on January 1, 2015. The new minimum capital requirements became effective on January 1, 2015, whereas a new capital conservation buffer and deductions from common equity capital phase in from January 1, 2016, through January 1, 2019, and most deductions from common equity tier 1 capital will phase in from January 1, 2015, through January 1, 2019.

The new rules include (a) a new common equity tier 1 capital ratio of at least 4.5 percent, (b) a Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6.0 percent, rather than the former 4.0 percent, (c) a minimum total capital ratio that remains at 8.0 percent, and (d) a minimum leverage ratio of 4 . 

 Common equity for the common equity tier 1 capital ratio includes common stock (plus related surplus) and retained earnings, plus limited amounts of minority interests in the form of common stock, less the majority of certain regulatory deductions. 

 Tier 1 capital includes common equity as defined for the common equity tier 1 capital ratio, plus certain non-cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, cumulative preferred stock and related surplus and trust preferred securities that have been grandfathered (but which are not permitted going forward), and limited amounts of minority interests in the form of additional Tier 1 capital instruments, less certain deductions. 

 Tier 2 capital, which can be included in the total capital ratio, includes certain capital instruments (such as subordinated debt) and limited amounts of the allowance for loan and lease losses, subject to new eligibility criteria, less applicable deductions. 

 The deductions from common equity tier 1 capital include goodwill and other intangibles, certain deferred tax assets, mortgage-servicing assets above certain levels, gains on sale in connection with a securitization, investments in a banking organization s own capital instruments and investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions (above certain levels). The deductions phase in from 2015 through 2019. 

7 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Under the guidelines, capital is compared to the relative risk related to the balance sheet. To derive the risk included in the balance sheet, one of several risk weights is applied to different balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets, primarily based on the relative credit risk of the counterparty. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. Some of the risk weightings have been changed effective January 1, 2015. 

 The new rules also place restrictions on the payment of capital distributions, including dividends, and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers if the company does not hold a capital conservation buffer of greater than 2.5 percent composed of common equity tier 1 capital above its minimum risk-based capital requirements, or if its eligible retained income is negative in that quarter and its capital conservation buffer ratio was less than 2.5 percent at the beginning of the quarter. The capital conservation buffer phases in starting on January 1, 2016, at .625 . 

 In addition to the capital adequacy requirements set forth above, every financial institution is classified into one of five categories based upon the institution s capital ratios, the results of regulatory examinations of the institution and whether the institution is subject to enforcement agreements with its regulatory authorities. The categories are well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. A bank with a capital level that might qualify for well-capitalized or
adequately-capitalized status may nevertheless be treated as though the bank is in the next lower capital category if the bank s primary federal banking supervisory authority determines that an unsafe or unsound condition or practice warrants that treatment. A bank s operations can be significantly affected by its capital classification under the prompt corrective action rules. For example, a bank that is not well capitalized generally is prohibited from accepting brokered deposits and offering interest rates on deposits higher than the prevailing rate in its market without advance regulatory approval. At each successively lower capital category, an insured depository institution is subject to additional restrictions. Undercapitalized banks are required to take specified actions to increase their capital or otherwise decrease the risk to the federal deposit insurance fund. Bank regulatory agencies generally are required to appoint a receiver or conservator within 90 days
after a bank becomes critically undercapitalized. 

 Effective January 1, 2015, in order to be well-capitalized, a bank must have a common equity tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6.5 , a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8 and a leverage ratio of at least 5 , and the bank must not be subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive or prompt corrective action directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level or any capital measure. 

 Dividends and Distributions . Shareholders of an Ohio corporation are entitled to dividends when, as, and if declared by the corporation s board of directors. Bancorp s ability to obtain funds for the payment of dividends and for other cash requirements depends on the amount of dividends that may be paid by the Bank to Bancorp. Under Ohio law, a dividend may be declared by a bank from surplus, meaning additional paid-in capital, with the approval of (x) the DFI and (y) the holders of two-thirds of the bank s outstanding shares. Superintendent approval is also necessary for payment of a
dividend if the total of all cash dividends in a year exceeds the sum of (i) net income for the year and (ii) retained net income for the two preceding years. The FDIC also may restrict the Bank s ability to pay a dividend if the FDIC has reasonable cause to believe that the payment of the dividend would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice. 

 The Federal Reserve expects Bancorp to serve as a source of strength to the Bank, which may require Bancorp to retain capital for further investment in the Bank rather than pay dividends to the Bancorp shareholders. The Federal Reserve has issued a policy statement with regard to the payment of cash dividends by bank holding companies. The policy statement provides that, as a matter of prudent banking, a bank holding company should not maintain a rate of cash dividends unless its net income available to common shareholders has been sufficient to fully fund the dividends, and the prospective rate of earnings retentions appears
to be consistent with the bank holding company s capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition. Accordingly, a bank holding company should not pay cash dividends that exceed its net income or can only be funded in ways that weaken the bank holding company s financial health, such as by borrowing. Under certain circumstances, a bank holding company is required by such policy statement to provide advance notice to the Federal Reserve before paying a dividend. 

8 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Fiscal and Monetary Policies . The business and earnings of Bancorp and the Bank are affected significantly by the fiscal and monetary policies of the United States government and its agencies. Citizens Bank is particularly affected by the policies of the FRB, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. These policies are used in varying degrees and combinations to directly affect the availability of bank loans and deposits, as well as the interest rates charged on loans and paid on deposits. 

 Privacy Provisions of Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act . Under the GLBA, federal banking regulators were required to adopt rules that limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a nonaffiliated third party. 

 Patriot Act . In response to the terrorist events of September 11, 2001, the Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act was signed into law in October 2001. The Patriot Act gives the United States government powers to address terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, increased information sharing, and broadened anti-money laundering requirements. Title III of the Patriot Act takes measures intended to encourage information sharing among bank
regulatory agencies and law enforcement bodies. Further, certain provisions of Title III impose affirmative obligations on a broad range of financial institutions. Among other requirements, Title III and related regulations require regulated financial institutions to establish a program specifying procedures for obtaining identifying information from customers seeking to open new accounts and establish enhanced due diligence policies, procedures, and controls designed to detect and report suspicious activity. Citizens Bank has established policies and procedures that are believed to be compliant with the requirements of the Patriot Act. 

 Dodd-Frank Act . On July 21, 2010, President Obama signed the Dodd-Frank Act into law. The Dodd-Frank Act has significantly changed the regulation of financial institutions and the financial services industry. The Dodd-Frank Act requires various federal agencies to adopt a broad range of regulations with significant discretion. Although some of the regulations have been adopted, many still have not, and the effect they will have on Bancorp and the Bank will not be known for years. 

 Among the provisions already implemented that have or may have an effect on Bancorp or its subsidiary are the following: 

the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has been formed, which has broad powers to adopt and enforce consumer protection regulations; 

the federal law prohibiting the payment of interest on commercial demand deposit accounts was eliminated effective July 21, 2011; 

the standard maximum amount of deposit insurance per customer was permanently increased to 250,000; 

the assessment base for determining deposit insurance premiums has been expanded from domestic deposits to average assets minus average tangible equity; 

public companies in all industries are now required to provide shareholders the opportunity to cast a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation; and 

the FRB has imposed on financial institutions with assets of 10 billion or more a cap on the debit card interchange fees the financial institutions may charge. Although the cap is not applicable to Citizens Bank, it may have an adverse effect on the Bank as the debit cards issued by the Bank and other smaller banks, which have higher interchange fees, may become less competitive. 

Additionally, it is expected that new corporate governance requirements applicable generally to all public companies in all industries will be adopted that require other new compensation practices and disclosure requirements, including requiring companies to claw back incentive compensation under certain circumstances, to consider the independence of compensation advisors and to make additional disclosures in proxy statements with respect to compensation matters. 

9 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 As many provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act have not yet been implemented and will require interpretation and rule making, the ultimate effect on Bancorp and its subsidiary cannot yet be determined. However, the implementation of certain provisions have already increased compliance costs and the implementation of future provisions will likely increase both compliance costs and fees paid to regulators, along with possibly restricting the operations of Bancorp and Citizens Bank. 

 Volcker Rule. In December 2013, five federal agencies adopted a final regulation implementing the Volcker Rule provision of the Dodd-Frank Act (the Volcker Rule ). The Volcker Rule places limits on the trading activity of insured depository institutions and entities affiliated with a depository institution, subject to certain exceptions. The trading activity includes a purchase or sale as principal of a security, derivative, commodity future, or option on any such instrument in order to benefit from short-term price movements or to realize short-term profits. The Volcker Rule exempts
specified U.S. Government, agency, and/or municipal obligations, and it accepts trading conducted in certain capacities, including as a broker or other agent, through a deferred compensation or pension plan, as a fiduciary on behalf of customers, to satisfy a debt previously contracted, repurchase, and securities lending agreements and risk-mitigating hedging activities. 

 The Volcker Rule also prohibits a banking entity from having an ownership interest in, or certain relationships with, a hedge fund or private equity fund, with a number of exceptions. Bancorp and Citizens Bank do not engage in any of the trading activities or have any ownership interest in or relationship with any of the types of funds regulated by the Volcker Rule. 

 Executive and Incentive Compensation . In June 2010, the FRB, the OCC and the FDIC issued joint interagency guidance on incentive compensation policies (the Joint Guidance intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. This principles-based guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key principles that a banking
organization s incentive compensation arrangements should: (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the organization s ability to effectively identify and manage risks; (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management; and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization s board of directors. 

 Pursuant to the Joint Guidance, the FRB and FDIC will review as part of a regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of financial institutions such as Bancorp and Citizens Bank. Such reviews will be tailored to each organization based on the scope and complexity of the organization s activities and the prevalence of incentive compensation arrangements. The findings of the supervisory initiatives will be included in reports of examination and deficiencies will be incorporated into the institution s supervisory ratings, which can affect the institution s ability to make
acquisitions and take other actions. Enforcement actions may be taken against an institution if its incentive compensation arrangements, or related risk-management control or governance processes, pose a risk to the organization s safety and soundness and prompt and effective measures are not being taken to correct the deficiencies. 

 Regulatory Matters . Under applicable laws, the FDIC and the DFI, as the Bank s primary regulators, and the FRB, as Bancorp s primary federal regulator, have the ability to impose substantial sanctions, restrictions, and requirements on us if they find, upon examination or otherwise, weaknesses with respect to our operations. 

10 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Based on the FDIC s January 3, 2011 examination of Citizens Bank, the FDIC determined on May 3, 2011 that the Bank is in troubled condition within the meaning of federal statutes and regulations. As a result, certain limitations and regulatory requirements apply to the Bank, including but not limited to, prior approval of changes to senior executive management and directors and the payment of, or the agreement to pay, certain severance payments to officers, directors and employees. On June 11, 2011, the Bank entered into a Consent Order with the FDIC that was replaced by a revised Consent Order on October 23,
2012 (the 2012 Consent Order ). Further, the Bank entered into a written agreement with the DFI on July 6, 2011. This agreement was subsequently replaced with the DFI 2012 Agreement dated October 31, 2012 (the DFI 2012 Agreement ). The 2012 Consent Order and DFI 2012 Agreement are nearly identical, and require the Bank to, among other things: 

retain qualified management, including, at a minimum, a new chief financial officer with proven ability and experience in a bank of comparable size; 

obtain approval of the FDIC and DFI prior to appointment of any senior executive officer or new director; 

hold meetings of the Board of Directors no less frequently than monthly; 

increase the Board of Directors participation in the affairs of the Bank; 

add two new directors to the Board of Directors who are independent from the Bank and have senior level banking experience; 

prepare and implement a written policy covering expense reimbursements to directors, officers, and employees; 

within 120 days, achieve and maintain Tier 1 Leverage Capital equal to at least 8.5 of total assets, and Total Risk Based Capital equal to at least 11.5 of risk-weighted assets; 

prepare and implement a capital plan to comply with Tier 1 capital requirements, including a plan to seek a merger partner should the Company be unable to generate adequate capital to meet requirements established by the regulators; 

subject to certain exceptions, not extend additional credit to any borrower whose loan with the Bank has been charged-off or adversely classified as Loss , Substandard , or Doubtful 

charge-off all assets classified Loss 

prepare and implement a written plan to reduce the Bank s risk exposure to each asset in excess of 250,000 which is more than 90 days delinquent or adversely classified as Substandard or Doubtful 

within 90 days, adopt and implement written lending and collection policies to address issues raised in the examination of the Bank related controls and procedures of the Bank s lending function; 

within 60 days, adopt and implement a written plan to reduce the loan concentration of credit identified in the examination of the Bank, and include procedures to restrict the creation of new concentrations and ensure that commercial unsecured lending does not exceed 80 of Tier 1 Capital and that total unsecured lending does not exceed 125 of Tier 1 Capital; 

not declare or pay any dividends without prior FDIC and DFI approval; 

not accept, renew, or rollover any brokered deposits without a specific waiver from the FDIC; 

within 30 days, develop and implement a profit and budget plan for all categories of income and expense for calendar years 2012 and 2013; 

within 60 days, eliminate and/or correct all violations of law, rule, and regulations identified in the examination; 

within 90 days, develop and submit for FDIC and DFI approval a written contingency plan to address recommendations made in the examination, and upon FDIC approval, implement the plan; 

11 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

within 90 days from the effective date of the 2012 Consent Order, develop and submit for FDIC approval a policy and procedure for managing the Bank s sensitivity to interest rate risk; and 

provide the regulators with written progress reports within 30 days of the end of each calendar quarter while the 2012 Consent Order is effective detailing the results of actions taken to comply with the 2012 Consent Order. 

The Bank has taken the following actions in response to the 2012 Consent Order and DFI 2012 Agreement: 

identified, secured FDIC and DFI approval, and hired a new Chief Financial Officer; 

ensured that directors are well qualified and actively participate in the affairs of the Bank, holding meetings at least once per month; 

revised and approved policies addressing expense reimbursements, sensitivity to interest rate risk and lending/collection; 

implemented controls to limit the extension of credit to adversely rated relationships; 

implemented written plans to reduce exposure to adversely rated loans, to reduce concentrations of credit, and to address liquidity contingencies; 

established a profit and budget plan for 2015 approved by the Board of Directors.; 

complied with all restrictions and corrected violations of laws and regulations to the extent possible; and 

inform banking regulators of progress with quarterly written reports and other correspondence as requested. 

management and the Board of Directors believe that appropriate actions have been taken to comply with the requirements of the 2012 Consent Order and DFI 2012 Agreement that have reached the required completion date (with the exception of Tier I Capital requirements), and will continue working to resolve all remaining items. 

On April 5, 2013, the Bank entered into a memorandum of understanding with the FDIC (the FDIC 2013 MOU ), which requires the Bank to, among other things: 

ensure its compliance officer is held accountable for the duties assigned and provide appropriate support to effectively oversee the Bank s compliance management system; 

provide training to the compliance officer to assure adequate knowledge; 

allocate adequate resources to administer the Bank s compliance management system; 

require the compliance officer to report directly to the Board each month; 

correct violations listed in the report of examination; 

implement a more comprehensive compliance policy; 

enhance written compliance related policies and procedures; 

implement effective monitoring of compliance with adopted policies and laws; 

hold employees accountable for following adopted policies, procedures, and regulatory requirements; 

establish follow up procedures to verify that corrective actions were implemented; and 

establish an effective audit program. 

The Bank has completed all actions and submitted all progress reports required by the FDIC 2013 MOU. 

12 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 On July 5, 2011, the Company entered into a memorandum of understanding with the FRB (the FRB 2011 MOU ). The FRB 2011 MOU prohibits the Company from: 

declaring or paying cash dividends without the prior written approval of the FRB; 

taking dividends or any other form of payment representing a reduction in the Bank s capital without the prior written approval of the FRB; 

incurring, increasing, or guaranteeing any debt without the prior written approval of the FRB; or 

purchasing or redeeming any shares without the prior written approval of the FRB. 

The DFI 2012 Agreement, FDIC 2013 MOU, and FRB 2011 MOU (collectively, the Informal Agreements are informal administrative actions that are not disclosed to the public. The 2012 Consent Order is a public document, and a copy is available from the FDIC s website at www.fdic.gov . The 2012 Consent Order will remain in effect until terminated, modified, or suspended by the FDIC. 

 The regulatory restriction against the use of brokered deposits has not materially impacted Bank operations and is not expected to do so in the near future. The Bank has been able to identify alternate sources of liquidity that management believes will be sufficient for near term funding requirements. As of December 31, 2014, the Bank had a single brokered deposit totaling 3 million with a maturity date of March 23, 2015. 

13 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 

 The Company is subject to risks inherent to its business. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect the Company are described below. These risks are not all inclusive. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of, focused on, or currently deems immaterial may also impair the Company s business operations . 

 Failure to comply with the 2012 Consent Order or informal agreements could result in additional regulatory enforcement action, including the imposition of additional restrictions. Regulators could also instruct us to seek a merger partner. 

 Generally, these requirements are lifted only after subsequent examinations demonstrate compliance with the regulatory action. As a result of any additional administrative action, we may be required to alter certain aspects of our operations, in some cases in a manner that management and the Board of Directors might otherwise deem to be opposed to the best interests of our shareholders. If we fail to comply with these regulatory orders, we could become subject to additional regulatory enforcement actions. If we continue to fail to meet all of the capital requirements our regulators could force us to seek a merger partner. 

 We expect to continue to be subject to restrictions and conditions of the 2012 Consent Order and Informal Agreements. As a result, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional regulatory compliance expenses that will negatively affect our results of operations. 

 Bancorp and the Bank continue to be under the conditions of the 2012 Consent Order and Informal Agreements as a result of various regulatory concerns. Bancorp has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant additional regulatory compliance expense in connection with these directives and will incur ongoing expenses attributable to compliance with their terms. Although Bancorp does not expect it, it is possible regulatory compliance expenses related to the directives could have a materially adverse impact on us in the future. 

 Our capital levels currently do not comply with all of the higher capital requirements required by the 2012 Consent Order or DFI 2012 Agreement. 

 Under the 2012 Consent Order and DFI 2012 Agreement, the FDIC and DFI required the Bank to raise its Tier 1 Leverage Capital ratio to 8.5 and its Total Risk Based Capital ratio to 11.5 by February 20, 2013. The Bank has met the Total Risk Based Capital requirement with a ratio of 13.4 at December 31, 2014. The Tier 1 Leverage Capital ratio remains below the target level with a value of 8.1 at December 31, 2014. Approximately 0.8 million in additional capital based on assets at such date would be needed to meet these requirements. We currently do not have any capital available to invest in the Bank. As of March 13, 2015
there are 107,636 warrants for the purchase of common stock outstanding. Exercise of these warrants at 90 of the December 31, 2014 closing book value would raise an additional 2.7 million, which could be invested in the Bank. Any further increases to our allowance for loan losses, additional deterioration of our other real estate owned portfolio, and operating losses would negatively impact our capital levels and make it more difficult to achieve the capital level directed by the FDIC and DFI. As a result, there is no assurance that we will not need to raise additional capital in the near future to provide the capital required to meet the regulators requirements and provide liquidity for Bancorp. 

 If we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, the percentage ownership of our existing shareholders may be reduced, and accordingly these shareholders may experience substantial dilution. We may also issue equity securities that provide for rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of our common shares. 

 Debt financing, if obtained, may involve agreements that include liens on our assets, covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, could increase our expenses and require that our assets be provided as a security for such debt. Debt financing would also be required to be repaid regardless of our operating results. 

 There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, or is not available at all, we may be required to 

14 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 seek a merger partner. Based on our failure to meet the required capital levels, the FDIC or DFI could take additional enforcement action against us. 

 In addition to the 2012 Consent Order and Informal Agreements, governmental regulation and regulatory actions against us may further impair our operations or restrict our growth. 

 In addition to the requirements of the 2012 Consent Order and Informal Agreements, Bancorp is subject to significant governmental supervision and regulation. These regulations are intended primarily for the protection of depositors funds, federal deposit insurance funds, and the banking system as a whole, not security holders. These regulations affect our lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, and growth, among other things. Congress and federal regulatory agencies continually review banking laws, regulations, and policies for possible changes. Statutes and regulations affecting our
business may be changed at any time and the interpretation of these statutes and regulations by examining authorities may also change. 

 There can be no assurance that such changes to the statutes and regulations or to their interpretation will not adversely affect our business. Such changes could subject us to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products Bancorp may offer, and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things. 

 On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law. The Dodd-Frank Act represents a comprehensive overhaul of the financial services industry within the United States. A number of the provisions significantly impacted the ways in which banks and bank holding companies, including Bancorp and Citizens Bank, do business. For example, the Dodd-Frank Act changed the assessment base for federal deposit insurance premiums by modifying the deposit insurance assessment base calculation to equal a depository institution s consolidated assets less tangible capital and permanently increases the standard maximum amount of deposit
insurance per customer to 250,000. The Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau as a new agency empowered to promulgate new and revise existing consumer protection regulations which may limit certain consumer fees or otherwise significantly change fee practices. The Dodd-Frank Act also imposed more stringent capital requirements on bank holding companies by, among other things, imposing leverage ratios on bank holding companies and prohibiting new trust preferred issuances from counting as Tier I capital. 

 Further changes pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act are expected and will require interpretation and rule making by federal regulators. Bancorp is closely monitoring all relevant sections of the Dodd-Frank Act to ensure continued compliance with laws and regulations. While the ultimate effect of the Dodd-Frank Act on Bancorp cannot currently be determined, the law and its implementing rules and regulations are likely to result in increased compliance costs and fees paid to regulators, along with possible restrictions on our operations, all of which may have a material adverse effect on Bancorp s operating results and financial
condition. 

 The implementation of new additional laws or regulatory actions such as the Dodd-Frank Act in the future could impair or restrict our growth. 

 We may not be able to attract and retain skilled people. 

 Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain key people. There are a limited number of qualified persons in our market area with the knowledge and experience required to successfully implement our recovery plan. At this time, new senior executives are required to be approved by our regulators. Suitable candidates for positions may decline to consider employment with the Company given its financial condition and the current regulatory environment. In addition, it may be difficult for us to offer compensation packages that would be sufficient to convince candidates that are acceptable to our regulators
and meet our requirements to agree to become our employee and/or relocate. Our financial condition and the existing uncertainties may result in existing employees seeking positions at other companies where these issues are not present. The unexpected loss of services of other key personnel could have a material adverse impact on our business because of a loss of their skills, knowledge of our market, and years of industry experience. If Bancorp is not able to promptly recruit qualified personnel, which Bancorp requires to conduct our operations, our business, and our ability to successfully implement our recovery plan could be affected. 

15 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 We have a relatively high percentage of non-performing loans and classified assets relative to our total assets. If our allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover our actual loan losses, our ability to become profitable will be adversely affected. 

 At December 31, 2014, our non-performing loans totaled 7.7 million, representing 5.3 of total loans and 3.8 of total assets. In addition, loans that management has classified as either substandard, doubtful or loss totaled 9.7 million, representing 6.6 of total loans and 4.8 of total assets. At December 31, 2014, our allowance for loan losses was 3.9 million, representing 50.1 of non-performing loans. In the event our loan customers do not repay their loans according to their terms and the collateral securing the payment of these loans is insufficient to pay any remaining loan balance, Bancorp may experience significant
loan losses, which could have a materially adverse effect on our operating results. Bancorp makes various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans. In determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses, Bancorp reviews loans and our loss and delinquency experience, and evaluates economic conditions. If our assumptions are incorrect, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover probable losses in our loan portfolio, resulting in additions to our allowance. The additions to our allowance for loan losses would be made through increased provision for loan losses, which would reduce our income. 

 Bank regulators periodically review Citizens Bank s allowance for loan losses and may require it to increase the allowance for loan losses. Any increase in the allowance for loan losses as required by these regulatory authorities could have a material adverse effect on Bancorp s results of operations and financial condition. 

 A large percentage of our loans are collateralized by real estate, and future deterioration in the real estate market may result in additional losses and adversely affect our financial results. 

 Our results of operations have been, and in future periods will continue to be significantly impacted by the economy in Ohio. 

 Deterioration of the economic environment Bancorp is exposed to, including a decline or worsening declines in the real estate market and single-family home re-sales or a material external shock, may significantly impair the value of our collateral and our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure. In the event of a default with respect to any of these loans, amounts received upon sale of the collateral may be insufficient to recover outstanding principal and interest on the loan. Material declines in the value of the real estate assets securing our commercial real estate loans can lead to significant credit losses in this
portfolio. Because of our high concentration of loans secured by real estate (the majority of which were originated several years ago), it is possible that Bancorp may experience some level of credit losses and high provisions if there is uncertainty surrounding specific real estate assets securing our loans. 

 The same deterioration noted above can affect our other real estate owned portfolio, and if the economic environment declines or worsens, it could significantly impair the value of the portfolio and our ability to sell the properties in a timely manner. 

 Difficult economic conditions and market volatility have adversely impacted the banking industry and financial markets generally and may significantly affect our business, financial condition, or results of operation. 

 Economic conditions in our markets may negatively affect the Company. Falling home prices and increasing foreclosures; unemployment and underemployment could negatively impact the credit performance of mortgage loans and result in significant write-downs of asset values by financial institutions. The resulting write-downs to assets of financial institutions may cause many financial institutions to seek additional capital, to merge with larger and stronger institutions and, in some cases, to seek government assistance or bankruptcy protection. 

16 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 As a result of challenges that may result from difficult economic conditions, Bancorp could face the following risks: 

Inability of borrowers to make timely repayments of their loans or decreases in value of real estate collateral securing the payment of such loans resulting in significant credit losses, which could result in increased delinquencies, foreclosures, and customer bankruptcies, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

Increased regulation of the financial services industry, including heightened legal standards and regulatory requirements or expectations. Compliance with such regulation will likely increase costs and may limit Bancorp s ability to pursue business opportunities. 

Disruptions in the capital markets or other events, including actions by rating agencies and deteriorating investor expectations, may result in an inability to borrow on favorable terms or at all from other financial institutions. 

Increased competition among financial services companies due to consolidation of certain competing financial institutions and the conversion of certain investment banks to bank holding companies, which may adversely affect Bancorp s ability to market our products and services. 

Volatility in the economy may negatively impact the fair value of our shares. 

 The market price for Bancorp s common shares has been volatile in the past, and several factors could cause the price to fluctuate substantially in the future, including: 

announcements of developments related to our business; 

fluctuations in our results of operations; 

sales of substantial amounts of our securities into the marketplace; 

general conditions in our markets or the worldwide economy; 

a shortfall in revenues or earnings compared to securities analysts expectations; 

our inability to pay cash dividends; 

changes in analysts recommendations or projections; and 

our announcement of other projects. 

Changes in interest rates could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

 Our results of operations depend substantially on our net interest income, which is the difference between (i) interest income on interest-earning assets, principally loans and investment securities, and (ii) interest expense on deposit accounts and borrowings. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, and the policies of various governmental and regulatory authorities. While Bancorp has taken measures intended to manage the risks of operating in a changing interest rate environment, there can be no assurance that
these measures will be effective in avoiding undue interest rate risk. 

 Increases in interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets, including our ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Bancorp originates loans for sale and for our portfolio. Increasing interest rates may reduce the volume of origination of loans for sale and consequently the volume of fee income earned on such sales. Further, increasing interest rates may adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans and leases, resulting in an increase in non-performing assets and a reduction of income recognized. 

 We rely, in part, on external financing to fund our operations and the availability of such funds in the future could adversely impact its growth strategy and prospects. 

 The Bank relies on deposits, advances from the FHLB, and other borrowings to fund its operations. Although the Company considers such sources of funds adequate for its current capital needs, the Company may seek additional debt or equity capital in the future to achieve its long-term business objectives. The sale of equity 

17 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 or convertible debt securities in the future may be dilutive to the Company shareholders, and debt refinancing arrangements may require the Company to pledge some of its assets and enter into covenants that would restrict its ability to incur further indebtedness. Additional financing sources, if sought, might be unavailable to Bancorp or, if available, could be on terms unfavorable to it. If additional financing sources are unavailable, not available on reasonable terms or the Company is unable to obtain any required regulatory approval for additional debt, the Company s growth strategy and future prospects could be
adversely impacted. 

 Credit risks could adversely affect our results of operations. 

 There are inherent risks associated with our lending activities, including credit risk, which is the risk that borrowers may not repay outstanding loans or that the value of the collateral securing loans may decrease. Bancorp extends credit to a variety of customers based on internally set standards and judgment. Bancorp attempts to manage credit risk through a program of underwriting standards, the review of certain credit decisions, and an on-going process of assessment of the quality of the credit already extended. However, conditions such as inflation, recession, unemployment, changes in interest rates, money supply, and
other factors beyond our control may increase our credit risk. Such adverse changes in the economy may have a negative impact on the ability of borrowers to repay their loans. Because Bancorp has a significant amount of real estate loans, decreases in real estate values could adversely affect the value of property used as collateral. In addition, substantially all of our loans are to individuals and businesses in Ohio. Consequently, any decline in the economy of this market area could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

 We operate in extremely competitive markets, and our business will suffer if we are unable to compete effectively. 

 In our market area, the Company encounters significant competition from other commercial banks, savings associations, savings banks, insurance companies, consumer finance companies, credit unions, other lenders and with the issuers of commercial paper and other securities, such as shares in money market mutual funds. The increasingly competitive environment is a result primarily of changes in regulation and the accelerating pace of consolidation among financial service providers. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources and lending limits than the Company does and may offer services that the Company does not
or cannot provide. 

 The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. 

 Management s accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how the Company records and reports our financial condition and results of operations. Our management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and methods in order to ensure that they comply with generally accepted accounting principles and reflect management s judgment as to the most appropriate manner in which to record and report our financial condition and results of operations. The most critical estimates are the level of the allowance of loan losses, other real estate owned valuation, and the valuation
allowance on the deferred tax asset. Due to the inherent nature of these estimates, Bancorp cannot provide absolute assurance that it will not significantly adjust the allowance for loan losses or valuations due to uncertainties. 

 Our organizational documents may have the effect of discouraging a third party from acquiring us. 

 Our articles of incorporation and code of regulations, as amended, contain provisions that make it more difficult for a third party to gain control over or acquire us. The current provisions that may have anti-takeover effects include: (a) the elimination of cumulative voting in the election of directors; (b) the requirement that shareholder nominations for election to the Board of Directors be made in writing and delivered or mailed to the president of the Company within specified time frames; (c) the requirement that directors may be removed only by the affirmative vote of holders of not less than 80 of the voting power of
the Company entitled to vote at an election of directors; (d) the Board of Directors is classified into three classes with staggered terms; (e) the requirements that certain business combinations be approved by at least 80 percent of the voting power of the Company, depending on the nature of the recommendation of the Board of Directors with regard to the relevant acquisition; and (f) the lack of a provision opting out of application of the Ohio Merger Moratorium 

18 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 statute and its restrictions on persons who become the beneficial owner of ten percent or more of the shares of the Company. These provisions of our governing documents may have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might be in the best interest of our shareholders. 

 Consumers may decide not to use banks to complete their financial transactions. 

 Technology and other changes are allowing parties to utilize alternative methods to complete financial transactions that historically have involved banks. For example, consumers can now maintain funds in brokerage accounts or mutual funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these
revenue streams and the lower cost deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

 We may be named as a defendant from time to time in a variety of litigation and other actions. 

 Bancorp or its subsidiary may be named as a defendant from time to time in a variety of litigation arising in the ordinary course of their respective businesses. Such litigation is normally covered by errors and omissions or other appropriate insurance. However, significant litigation could cause the Company to devote substantial time and resources to defending its business or result in judgments or settlements that exceed insurance coverage, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operation. Further, any claims asserted against Bancorp or Citizens Bank, regardless of
merit or eventual outcome may harm the Company s reputation and result in loss of business. In addition, the Company may not be able to obtain new or different insurance coverage, or adequate replacement policies with acceptable terms. 

 Our allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses. 

 The Company maintains an allowance for loan losses to provide for loan defaults and non-performance. The Company s allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses and future provisions for loan losses could materially and adversely affect the Company s operating results. The Company s allowance for loan losses is based on its historical loss experience, as well as an evaluation of the risks associated with its loans held for investment. The amount of future losses is susceptible to changes in economic, operating, and other conditions, including changes in interest rates that may be
beyond the Company s control, and these losses may exceed current estimates. Federal regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, review the Company s loans and allowance for loan losses. While the Company believes that its allowance for loan losses is adequate to cover current losses, Bancorp could need to increase its allowance for loan losses or regulators could require it to increase this allowance. Either of these occurrences could materially and adversely affect Bancorp s earnings and profitability. 

 Our ability to use net operating loss carry forwards to reduce future tax payments may be limited or restricted. 

 Bancorp has generated net operating losses NOLs as a result of our recent losses. Bancorp generally is able to carry NOLs forward to reduce taxable income in future years. However, our ability to utilize the NOLs is subject to the rules of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). Section 382 generally restricts the use of NOLs after an ownership change. An ownership change generally occurs if, among other things, the shareholders (or specified groups of shareholders) who own or have owned, (directly, indirectly, or constructively under Section 382 and the
Treasury regulations) 5 or more of a corporation s common shares or are otherwise treated as 5 shareholders under Section 382 and the Treasury regulations caused an increase in their aggregate percentage ownership of that corporation s stock by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage of the shares owned by these shareholders over a three-year rolling period. In the event of an ownership change, Section 382 imposes an annual limitation on the amount of taxable income a corporation may offset with NOL carry forwards. This annual limitation is generally equal to the product of the value of the corporation s shares on the date of the ownership, multiplied 

19 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 by the long-term tax-exempt rate published monthly by the Internal Revenue Service. Any unused annual limitation may be carried over to later years until the applicable expiration date for the respective NOL carry forwards. 

 Bancorp cannot ensure that our ability to use our NOLs to offset income will not become limited in the future. As a result, Bancorp could pay taxes earlier and in larger amounts than would be the case if our NOLs were available to reduce our federal income taxes without restriction. 

 Potential misuse of funds or information by the Bank s employees or by third parties could result in damage to our customers for which we could be held liable, subject the Company to regulatory sanctions and otherwise adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

 Our employees handle a significant amount of funds, as well as financial and personal information. Although the Company has implemented systems to minimize the risk of fraudulent taking or misuse of funds or information, there can be no assurance that such systems will be adequate or that a taking or misuse of funds or information by employees, by third parties who have authorized access to funds or information, or by third parties who are able to access funds or information without authorization will never occur. We could be held liable for such an event and could also be subject to regulatory sanctions. We could also incur
the expense of developing additional controls to prevent future such occurrences. Although the Company has insurance to cover such potential losses, we cannot provide assurance that such insurance will be adequate to meet any liability. In addition, any loss of trust or confidence placed in the Company by our clients could result in a loss of business, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

 The Company could suffer a material adverse impact from interruptions in the effective operation of, or security breaches affecting, our computer systems. 

 The Bank relies heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record, and monitor transactions. Risks to the system result from a variety of factors, including the potential for bad acts on the part of hackers, criminals, employees and others. As one example, in recent years, some banks have experienced denial of service attacks in which individuals or organizations flood the bank s website with extraordinarily high volumes of traffic, with the goal and effect of disrupting the ability of the bank to process transactions. We are also at risk for the impact of natural disasters, terrorism and
international hostilities on its systems or for the effects of outages or other failures involving power or communications systems operated by others. These risks also arise from the same types of threats to businesses with which we deal. 

 Potential adverse consequences of attacks on the Company s computer systems or other threats include damage to our reputation, loss of customer business, litigation and increased regulatory scrutiny, which might also result in financial loss and require additional efforts and expense to attempt to prevent such adverse consequences in the future. 

 The absence of a trading market in our common shares may adversely affect your ability to resell shares at prices that you find attractive, or at all. 

 Our common shares are not traded on any national securities exchange and are not quoted on any over-the-counter market, and we do not intend to apply for listing on any national securities exchange or stock market. In the absence of a trading market, investors may be unable to liquidate their investment or make any profit from the investment. Furthermore, it may be difficult for holders to resell their shares at prices they find attractive, or at all. 

 Our ability to pay cash dividends is subject to prior FRB approval. 

 The FRB 2011 MOU prohibits the Company from paying dividends without the FRB s prior approval. Bancorp does not know how long this restriction will remain in place. Even if Bancorp is permitted to pay a dividend, Bancorp is dependent primarily upon the earnings of Citizens Bank for funds to pay dividends on our common shares. The payment of dividends by Citizens Bank is subject to certain regulatory restrictions. Currently, Citizens Bank is prohibited from paying any dividends to Bancorp without the prior approval of the FDIC and the DFI. In addition, federal law generally prohibits a depository institution from making any
capital distributions (including payment of a dividend) to its parent holding company if the depository 

20 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 institution would thereafter and or continue to be undercapitalized. As a result, any payment of dividends in the future by Bancorp will be dependent, in large part, on Citizens Bank ability to satisfy these regulatory restrictions and our subsidiary s earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, and other factors. 

 We may issue additional common shares or convertible securities that will dilute the percentage ownership interest of existing shareholders and may dilute the book value per common share and adversely affect the terms on which we may obtain additional capital. 

 Our authorized capital includes 2,000,000 common shares and 100,000 preferred shares. As of December 31, 2014, we had 584,175 common shares and no preferred shares outstanding. We may issue up to 118,253 additional common shares through the exercise of warrants issued in the 2014 stock offering. Although we presently do not have any intention of issuing additional common shares (other than pursuant to the exercise of warrants issued in the stock offering), we may do so in the future in order to meet our capital needs and regulatory requirements, and we may be able to do so without shareholder approval. Our Board of Directors
generally has the authority, without action by or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of any authorized but unissued common shares for any corporate purpose, including issuance of equity-based incentives under or outside of our equity compensation plans. We plan no immediate activity. Any issuance of additional common shares or convertible securities will dilute the percentage ownership interest of our shareholders and may dilute the book value per common share. 

 ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 No response required. 

 ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 

 The Company conducts business from seven office locations. The Bank s main office is located at 188 West Main Street, Logan, Ohio 43138. The main office is housed in a Bank-owned 4,000+ square foot building with drive-up lanes and a detached ATM. The Bank s offices are located in Logan, Ohio (main office and 2 branches), Athens, Ohio (2 branches), Nelsonville, Ohio (1 branch) and Lancaster, Ohio (Loan Production Office). The Company currently operates from the following locations, which, unless otherwise indicated, are owned by the Bank: 

Locations 

Main Office 188 West Main Street Logan, Ohio 43138 

 Loan Production Office (leased) 1618 North Memorial Drive Lancaster, OH 43130 

Branch (leased) 12910 State Route 664 South Logan, Ohio 43138 

 Branch 20 East Stimson Avenue Athens, Ohio 45701 

Branch (leased) 21 Hocking Mall Logan, Ohio 43138 

 Branch (leased) 929 East State Street Athens, Ohio 45701 

Branch (leased) 24 Fulton Street Nelsonville, Ohio 45764 

Management believes that the Bank s current facilities are adequate to meet our present and immediate needs. 

 ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 From time to time, we are involved in routine litigation that arises in the normal course of business. However, neither Bancorp nor the Bank is currently involved in any litigation that management believes, either singularly or in the aggregate, could be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operation. 

 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 Not applicable. 

21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PART II 

 ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 There is no market for our securities. Our securities are not sold on any exchange or listed on any securities listing venue. There were 642 record holders of the Company s common stock as of March 13, 2015. 

 The last cash dividend we paid was in December 2010. Our shareholders are entitled to receive distributions out of legally available funds as and when declared by the Board, in its sole discretion. See Item 1 Description of Business Regulatory Matters for a description of restrictions on the Company s ability to pay dividends. 

 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. On November 30, 2012, pursuant to a subscription agreement, Bancorp entered into an agreement to sell common shares to one accredited investor for 500,000, or 17.26 per share. The shares were issued on June 30, 2013. These common shares were offered and sold by Bancorp in reliance upon an exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

 Use of Proceeds of Registered Securities. As part of the Company s 2014 capital raise campaign, the Company sold 238,057 shares and issued a total of 119,003 warrants with those shares. Net proceeds after expenses were 3.2 million of which 2.1 million was invested in Citizens Bank to improve its regulatory capital position. The remainder was retained at Bancorp to be used to service existing debt and for general corporate purposes. 

22 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 ITEM 6 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2014 

Year Ended December 31, 2013 

Summary Income Data: 

Total interest income 

8,453 

9,481 

Total interest expense 

1,634 

2,047 

Net interest income 

6,819 

7,434 

Provision for loan losses 

(186 

191 

Noninterest income 

1,728 

1,558 

Noninterest expense 

7,754 

8,194 

Income before income taxes 

979 

607 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(5,099 

Net income 

6,078 

607 

Per Share Income Data: 

Earnings per common share 

11.21 

1.84 

Book value per share 

25.40 

16.29 

Outstanding shares 

584,175 

345,368 

Selected Balance Sheet Data (period end): 

Total assets 

201,823 

200,852 

Securities available for sale 

31,164 

34,630 

Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 

142,557 

142,633 

Allowance for loan losses 

(3,869 

(4,384 

Deposits 

177,967 

185,571 

Shareholders' equity 

14,837 

5,626 

Performance Ratios (averages): 

Return on shareholders' equity 

64.11 

10.89 

Return on assets 

3.00 

0.28 

Net interest income to total assets 

3.36 

3.48 

Shareholders' equity to assets 

4.68 

2.61 

Asset Quality Data: 

Nonperforming assets to total assets 

4.36 

4.96 

Nonperforming assets to capital 

59.29 

177.00 

Nonperforming loans to total loans 

5.28 

5.30 

Nonperforming loans to reserve for loan losses 

199.77 

177.65 

Reserve for loan losses to total loans 

2.64 

2.98 

Ratio of net charge-offs to total loans 

0.22 

0.69 

23 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

 Forward-Looking Statements 

 Certain statements in this Form 10-K, which are not historical fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, Section 21E of the Exchange Act, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as anticipate , estimates , may , feels , expects , believes , plans , will , would , should , could , and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements.
Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to: 

the success, impact, and timing of the implementation of the Company s business strategies, including the successful integration of the recently completed acquisitions, the expansion of consumer lending activity, and rebranding efforts; 

competitive pressures among financial institutions or from non-financial institutions may increase significantly, including product and pricing pressures and the Company s ability to attract, develop, and retain qualified professionals; 

changes in the interest rate environment due to economic conditions and/or the fiscal policies of the U.S. government and FRB, which may adversely impact interest margins; 

changes in prepayment speeds, loan originations, and charge-offs, which may be less favorable than expected and adversely impact the amount of interest income generated; 

adverse changes in the economic conditions and/or activities, including impacts from the implementation of the Budget Control Act of 2011 and the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, as well as continuing economic uncertainty in the U.S., the European Union, and other areas, which could decrease sales volumes and increase loan delinquencies and defaults; 

legislative or regulatory changes or actions, including in particular the Dodd-Frank Act and the regulations promulgated and to be promulgated thereunder by the FDIC, the FRB and others, that may subject the Company to a variety of new and more stringent legal and regulatory requirements which adversely affect their respective businesses; 

deterioration in the credit quality of the Company s loan portfolio, which may adversely impact the provision for loan losses; 

changes in accounting standards, policies, estimates, or procedures, which may adversely affect the Company s reported financial condition or results of operations; 

adverse changes in the conditions and trends in the financial markets, including political developments, which may adversely affect the fair value of securities within the Company s investment portfolio and interest rate sensitivity of the Company s consolidated balance sheet; 

Bancorp s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiary; 

the Company s ability to maintain required capital levels and adequate sources of funding and liquidity; 

the impact of larger or similar sized financial institutions encountering problems, which may adversely affect the banking industry and/or the Company s business generation and retention, funding, and liquidity; 

the costs and effects of regulatory and legal developments, including the outcome of potential regulatory or other governmental inquiries and legal proceedings and results of regulatory examinations; 

the Company s ability to secure confidential information through the use of computer systems and telecommunications networks, including those of the Company s third-party vendors and other 

24 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

service providers, may prove inadequate, which could adversely affect customer confidence in the Company and/or result in the Company incurring a financial loss; 

the overall adequacy of the Company s risk management program; and 

other risk factors relating to the banking industry or the Company as detailed from time to time in the Company s reports filed with the SEC, including those risk factors included in the disclosure under ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS of this Form 10-K. 

All forward-looking statements speak only as of the filing date of this Form 10-K and are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements. Although management believes the expectations in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions within the bounds of management s knowledge of Bancorp s business and operations, it is possible that actual results may differ materially from these projections. Additionally, Bancorp undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the filing date of this Form 10-K or to reflect the
occurrence of unanticipated events except as may be required by applicable legal requirements. Copies of documents filed with the SEC are available free of charge at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and/or from Bancorp s website www.tcbol.com under the About Us section. 

 The following discussion and analysis of the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements is presented to provide insight into management's assessment of the financial results and condition for the periods presented. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, as well as the ratios and statistics, contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

 Overview. The Company s profitability, as with most financial institutions, is significantly dependent upon net interest income, which is the difference between interest received on interest earning assets, such as loans and securities, and the interest paid on interest bearing liabilities, principally deposits and borrowings. During a period of economic slowdown, the lack of interest income from nonperforming assets and additional provision for loan losses can greatly reduce profitability. Results of operations are also impacted by noninterest income, such as service charges on deposit accounts
and fees on other services, income from lending services, as well as noninterest expense such as salaries and employee benefits, occupancy expense, professional and other services, and other expenses. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company recorded net income of 6.1 million or 11.21 per share, compared to net income of 0.6 million or 1.84 per share as of December 31, 2013. Return on average assets and return on average common equity were 3.0 and 64.1 , respectively, for year-end 2014, compared to 0.3 and 10.9 for year-end 2013. The results for 2014 include the reversal of the previously recorded deferred tax asset allowance, resulting in an income tax benefit of 5.1 million in 2014 net income. 

 Profitability in 2014 was also the result of diligent loan monitoring and the application of enhanced credit review. Many of the lower credit quality loans made in prior years have been returned to current status, been foreclosed and the collateral liquidated, or refinanced elsewhere. Aggressive stewardship of those loans in the prior year resulted in higher costs for that period, but those credit related costs continued to moderate in 2014. The prior year s results were impacted by costs associated with the declining credit quality of loans originated over a six year period beginning in 2003 and emanated from large
commercial loans to industries, including horticulture nurseries, biofuel production, and speculative commercial real estate. Several loans were made to borrowers outside the Company s primary footprint. Of the 688 thousand of gross charge offs during 2014, 45.7 came from large commercial loans originated between 2003 and 2008. 

 Key items affecting the Company s results in 2014 compared to 2013 include: 

The Company reversed the 2012 write-off of deferred tax assets as the financial projections indicated that we were more likely than not able to utilize those deferred tax assets going forward. The net effect of this reversal of the deferred tax asset allowance was a 5.1 million addition to income. 

The Company recaptured 186 thousand from the allowance for loan and lease losses ALLL compared to contributions totaling 191 thousand in 2013 and made valuation adjustments totaling 127 thousand to the other real estate owned OREO portfolio during 2014 compared to 100 thousand of OREO portfolio valuation adjustments in 2013. During 2014, net loan charge offs 

25 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

totaled 329 thousand versus the 1.0 million of 2013. Principal transfers to OREO totaled 803 thousand in 2014 versus 2.2 million in 2013. 

Net interest income declined 615 thousand or 8.27 to 6.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 from 7.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. A 1.0 million year-over-year decline in interest income was partially offset by a 0.4 million reduction in interest expense. 

The Company s capital position grew with the capital campaign as well as the improved profitability of 2014. Shareholders equity at Bancorp increased 9.2 million (163.7 to 14.8 million on December 31, 2014 from 5.6 million on December 31, 2013. Leverage capital and total risk-based capital at the Bank were 8.11 and 13.39 as of December 31, 2014 compared to 5.71 and 10.36 as of December 31, 2013. Refer to Item 1 Supervision and Regulation for further discussion of the 2012 Consent Order. 

26 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Comparison of Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 

 For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company recorded net profit of 6.1 million or 11.21 per share, an improvement of 5.5 million from the net profit of 0.6 million or 1.84 per share for the year ended December 31, 2013. In addition to the 5.1 million increase in profitability owing to the recapture of the deferred tax asset allowance, the improved profitability can primarily be attributed to better loan quality, allowing a 0.4 million reduction in the contribution to the ALLL and a reduction of 0.4 million in noninterest expense. These reductions in loan credit related expense more than offset the 0.6 million
reduction in net interest income. 

 Distribution of Assets, Liabilities, and Shareholders' Equity For the years ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Average Balance 

Interest 

Yield/ Rate 

Average Balance 

Interest 

Yield/ Rate 

Interest Earning Assets: 

Loans receivable (1),(2) 

141,501 

7,689 

5.43 

153,751 

8,686 

5.65 

Securities (3) 

36,286 

702 

1.93 

40,885 

740 

1.81 

Fed funds sold 

11,778 

26 

0.22 

8,834 

19 

0.22 

FHLB stock 

859 

36 

4.19 

859 

36 

4.19 

Total interest earning assets 

190,424 

8,453 

4.44 

204,329 

9,481 

4.64 

Noninterest earning assets 

12,341 

9,206 

Total Assets 

202,765 

213,535 

Interest Bearing Liabilities 

Interest bearing deposits 

162,324 

1,178 

0.73 

179,582 

1,579 

0.88 

Other borrowings 

6,251 

456 

7.29 

6,452 

468 

7.25 

Total interest bearing liabilities 

168,575 

1,634 

0.97 

186,034 

2,047 

1.10 

Noninterest bearing liabilities 

22,248 

20,949 

Total including noninterest bearing demand deposits 

190,823 

1,634 

206,983 

2,047 

Other noninterest liabilities 

2,462 

977 

Total Liabilities 

193,285 

207,960 

Shareholders' equity 

9,480 

5,575 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

202,765 

213,535 

Net interest income; interest rate spread 

6,819 

3.47 

7,434 

3.54 

Net interest margin 

3.58 

3.64 

Average interest earning assets to average interest bearing liabilities 

112.96 

109.83 

(1) 

 Loan fees are immaterial amounts. 

(2) 

 Nonaccrual loans are included in average loan balance. 

(3) 

 Interest income for tax-exempt securities is not calculated on a tax-exempt basis. 

27 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Volume and Rate Analysis 2014 Compared to 2013 

 At December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Total 

Volume 

Rate 

Increase (Decrease) in Interest Income 

Federal funds sold 

7 

6 

1 

Investment securities 

(38 

(85 

47 

Loans 

(997 

(692 

(305 

Total Interest Income 

(1,028 

(771 

(257 

Interest Expense 

Deposits 

(401 

(152 

(249 

Borrowed funds 

(12 

(15 

3 

Total Interest Expense 

(413 

(166 

(247 

Net Interest Income 

(615 

(605 

(10 

Interest income for the year ended December 31, 2014 was 8.5 million, a 1.0 million, or 10.8 , decrease from the 9.5 million earned during the year ended December 31, 2013. The yield on earning assets fell 20 basis points (bps) to 4.44 for the year ending December 31, 2014 from 4.64 for the prior year ended December 31, 2013. Interest income earned from the loan portfolio decreased 1.0 million, or 11.5 , to 7.7 million as of December 31, 2014 from 8.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease in interest income from the loan portfolio can be attributed to both the 12.2 million decrease in average loans
year-over year (8.0 and a 22 bps decrease in the yield on those loans. The yield on earning assets was impacted by the re-classification of 3.8 million of loan principal to non-accrual status, resulting in the reversal of 50 thousand of accrued interest income during 2014. 

 Interest income from the investment portfolio was flat at 0.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. A year-over-year decline of 4.6 million (11.3 in the average investment portfolio was offset by a year-over-year increase in average yield of 12 bps (from 1.81 in 2013 to 1.93 in 2014). During 2014, management invested in 5.0 million of US Treasury obligations with an average yield of 1.26 and sold 4.3 million of municipal securities yielding 3.93 . There were no significant securities transactions in 2013. 

 Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2014 was 1.6 million, a 0.4 million or 20.2 decrease from the 2.0 million paid for the year ended December 31, 2013. Interest expense for deposits declined 0.4 million to 1.2 million for 2014 from 1.6 million for 2013. The decrease resulted, in part, from a new pricing strategy of setting competitive deposit rates but not being the market leader as had been the case in prior years. This strategy, in part, has contributed to a 6.3 million (7.4 decrease in the average balance of certificates of deposit year-over-year. 

 Interest expense for other borrowings was 456 thousand in 2014 and 468 thousand in 2013. All of the 2014 interest expense is related to three unsecured loans to the holding company totaling 6.1 million as of December 31, 2014 and 6.4 million as of December 31, 2013. Please refer to Other Borrowings below for details regarding these loans. 

 Provision for Loan Losses. The Company establishes an ALLL through charges to earnings, which are shown in the consolidated statements of income as the provision for loan losses. Through the provision for loan losses, an allowance is maintained that reflects management s best estimate of probable incurred loan losses related to specifically identified loans as well as the inherent risk of loss related to the remaining portfolio. In evaluating the allowance for loan losses, management considers various factors that include loan growth, the amount and composition of the loan portfolio, (including
non-performing and potential problem loans), diversification, or conversely, concentrations by industry, geography, or collateral within the portfolio, historical loan loss experience, current delinquency levels, the estimated value of the underlying collateral, prevailing economic conditions, and other relevant factors. Loan charge-offs are recorded to this allowance when loans are deemed uncollectible, in whole or in part. Impacting the provision for loan losses in any 

28 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 accounting period are several factors including the amount of loan growth during the period, broken down by loan type, the level of charge-offs during the period, the changes in the amount of impaired loans, changes in risk ratings assigned to loans, specific loan impairments, credit quality, and ultimately, the results of management s assessment of the inherent risks of the loan portfolio. 

 At June 30, 2014, the Company determined that an excess existed in the ALLL and 186 thousand was recaptured to income. Predictive indicators, such as the Watch List and its component subcategories, are the principal credit tool used by the Bank to identify future problem loans. Special Mention loans, those loans deemed to be of higher risk or with correctable deficiencies, declined by 5.6 million or 37.4 at June 30, 2014 relative to December 31, 2013. Substandard loans, those loans in which there is the distinct possibility of sustaining some loss, dropped 0.3 million, or 3.3 from March 31, 2014 to June 30, 2014. Doubtful
loans, those for which full collection is doubtful, declined to a single loan with an outstanding balance of 1 thousand at June 30, 2014. Watch List loans, those loans rated Special Mention, Substandard, or Doubtful declined 5.5 million, or 23.3 , from 23.6 million at December 31, 2013 to 18.1 million at June 30, 2014. All of these factors led to the decision to decrease the ALLL at June 30, 2014. 

 This decision to recapture the calculated excess portion of the ALLL was further bolstered by year end delinquency numbers. At December 31, 2014, those loans determined to be Special Mention had decreased 9.6 million, falling to 5.4 million from the December 31, 2013 level of 15.0 million. Those credits classified as Substandard at December 31, 2014 were up 0.5 million from December 31, 2013 levels with the increase traceable to a single 0.8 million credit. Overall, Classified Loans, defined as those on the Watch List, had decreased 8.4 million from 23.6 million at December 31, 2013 to 18.1 million at June 30, 2014 to
 15.2 million at December 31, 2014. As a percentage of gross loans, Classified Loans fell from 16.1 at December 31, 2013 to 12.6 at June 30, 2014 to 10.3 at December 31, 2014. 

 The 186 thousand negative provision in 2014 compares to the recorded provision of 191 thousand in 2013. The reduction in provision for loan losses was largely driven by a decrease in nonperforming loans and increases in the collateral values for impaired loans. Management considers the ALLL at December 31, 2014 adequate to cover loan losses based on its assessment of various factors affecting the loan portfolio, including the level of problem loans, overall delinquencies, business conditions, estimated collateral values, and loss experience. A further decline in local and national economic conditions, or other factors, could
result in a material increase in the allowance for loan losses which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 

 Noninterest Income. Noninterest income, which consists primarily of fees and commissions earned on services that are provided to the Company s banking customers, and to a lesser extent, gains on sales of OREO and other repossessed assets, and other miscellaneous income, increased 170 thousand, or 10.9 , to 1.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 from 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase can mostly be attributed to 2014 gains from the sales of available for sale investments totaling 202 thousand and year-over-year increases in the gains from the sales of
repossessed assets of 193 thousand. The Company recorded a 464 thousand gain on the sale of repossessed assets in 2014. The following is a discussion of significant year-over-year changes in other material noninterest income categories: 

Services charges for deposit accounts decreased by 63 thousand, or 12.3 , to 451 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2014 from 514 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2013. These fees were expected to decline as the Bank changed the procedure used to process account overdrafts to a more customer based methodology. 

There was no income from the sale of loans for the year ended December 31, 2014 as the Bank focused on originating loans for the Bank s portfolio, rather than to sell in the secondary market. This was a decline of 83 thousand relative to the 2013 calendar year when loans were generated both for the portfolio and for sale in the secondary market. 

Income for credit and debit cards increased by 15 thousand, or 4.6 , to 339 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2014 from 324 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2013. The Bank has placed a heightened emphasis on credit and merchant card issuance and fees. 

29 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Other noninterest income from the gain on sale of OREO properties increased by 193 thousand to 464 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2014 from a gain of 271 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2013. Much of this gain in 2014 was attributable to a single relationship which generated a gain of 286 thousand. 

Other noninterest income was down 63 thousand (18.8 to 272 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2014 from 335 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2013. Significant categories within this grouping include ATM fees 91 thousand in 2014 and 101 thousand in 2013), sales commissions 44 thousand in 2014 and 49 thousand in 2013), and rental income earned on a property held for possible expansion and since sold during 2014 18 thousand in 2014 and 40 thousand in 2013). 

Noninterest Expense. Noninterest expense, which consists primarily of personnel, occupancy, equipment, and other operating expenses, decreased by 0.4 million or 5.4 to 7.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 from 8.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The year-over-year decrease was realized in compensation expense (down 278 thousand) and other expenses (down 568 thousand) partially offset by higher expenses associated with OREO and the increased costs of examinations and audits. 

 The following is a discussion of significant year-over-year changes for other material noninterest expense categories: 

Salary and benefit expense declined by 0.3 million, or 7.6 , to 3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 from 3.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. Salary expense decreased 272 thousand (9.4 for the year ended December 31, 2014 versus the year ended December 31, 2013 as a result of the full year effect of staff reductions made in 2013. 

FDIC insurance premium expense fell by 79 thousand, or 16.5 , to 401 thousand as of December 31, 2014 from 480 thousand of December 31, 2013. The 2014 FDIC insurance expense was less as a result of a reduction in the risk premium paid by the Bank. 

Expenses associated with OREO properties increased by 180 thousand (140.6 for the year ended December 31, 2014 relative to the year ended December 31, 2013. Costs related to the preservation and care of OREO properties were up 31 thousand, or 31.1 , for calendar year 2014. In 2014, 127 thousand was required to write-down existing OREO properties to market value versus a recovery of 16 thousand in 2013. 

Legal and other professional expense increased by 71 thousand, or 19.6 , to 434 thousand as of December 31, 2014 from 363 thousand as of December 31, 2013. The increase can be attributed to the increased use of third-party providers of legal and professional services to assist in the resolution of regulatory issues and in the resolution of troubled debt relationships as the Company works aggressively to resolve these issues. 

Costs associated with examinations and audits increased 176 thousand (106.7 to 341 thousand at December 31, 2014 relative to the year ended December 31, 2013 as the Company incurred substantial additional costs associated with public registration in 2014 relative to 2013. 

Director fees were higher in the year ended December 31, 2014 174 thousand in 2014 versus 68 thousand in 2013) as the Company supplanted the existing Board of Directors with an entirely new and expanded Board of Directors through 2013 and into 2014 as well as increasing the number or committees on which they serve and the frequency of meetings. 

Other noninterest expense decreased by 0.6 million, or 51.9 , to 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 from 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. Calendar year 2013 included one time, nonrecurring charges of 200 thousand related to an instance of employee misappropriation and 156 thousand related to the collection and accounting for ATM fees. Calendar year 2014 includes nonrecurring gains of 40 thousand on the sale of other assets. 

30 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Income Taxes. Management assesses the valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets at each reporting period. The determination of whether a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is appropriate is subject to considerable judgment and requires an evaluation of all the positive and negative evidence. Accounting Standards Codification 740, Income Taxes , requires companies to assess whether a valuation allowance should be established against deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all available evidence using a more likely than not standard. 

 In the fourth quarter of 2014, the Company reversed the entire valuation allowance on deferred tax assets of 5.1 million. The Company had established a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset in 2012 due to the realization of significant losses and uncertainty about the Company s future earnings forecasts. 

 At December 31, 2014, the Company evaluated the need for a valuation allowance again. Based on the assessment of all the positive and negative evidence, management concluded that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax asset will be realized based upon future taxable income. The positive evidence considered by management in arriving at the conclusion that a full valuation allowance is not necessary included eight consecutive quarters of operating profits beginning with the first quarter of 2013, the Company s strong pre-crisis earnings history and growth in pre-tax earnings, significant improvement in credit
metrics which improve both sustainability of profitability and management s ability to forecast future credit losses. The negative evidence considered by management included the fact that although credit metrics have improved, the Company still has substantial nonperforming assets. 

 The Company expects to realize 3.4 million of deferred tax assets related to net operating loss carryforwards well in advance of the statutory carryforward period. At December 31, 2014, 2.3 million of existing deferred tax assets were not related to net operating losses and therefore have no expiration date. 

 The valuation allowance could be reinstated should future events dictate and could fluctuate in future periods based on the assessment of the positive and negative evidence. Management s conclusion at December 31, 2014 that it was more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets of 5.1 million will be realized is based on management s estimate of future taxable income. Management s estimate of future taxable income is based on internal forecasts which consider historical performance, various internal estimates and assumptions, as well as certain external data all of which management believes to be
reasonable although inherently subject to significant judgment. If actual results differ significantly from the current estimates of future taxable income, even if caused by adverse macro-economic conditions, a valuation allowance may need to be recognized for some or all of the deferred tax asset. Such an increase to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 

 Changes in Condition from December 31, 2013 to December 31, 2014. Total assets increased 1.0 million, or 0.5 , to 201.8 million on December 31, 2014 from 200.8 million on December 31, 2013. 

 Loan Portfolio. Gross loans decreased 0.6 million or 0.4 to 146.4 million as of December 31, 2014 from a balance of 147.0 million on December 31, 2013. The decrease can be attributed, in part, to loan charge offs/charge downs of 0.7 million, transfers to OREO of 0.8 million and principal repayments of 20.9 million (includes repayments on revolving lines of credit); partially offset by 21.8 million of new loan originations. The new originations were primarily consumer loans, with mortgage originations totaling 8.0 million and other consumer loan originations of 5.6 million. The emphasis on
consumer lending is part of a strategic initiative to re-balance the loan portfolio to be more equally weighted between commercial and consumer loans. This trend is expected to continue into 2015 and is a centerpiece of the 2015 profit plan. 

 Loan Portfolio Distribution 

 At December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Amount 

Amount 

Commercial 

87,989 

91,590 

Real estate 

38,756 

33,997 

Consumer 

19,681 

21,430 

146,426 

147,017 

31 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 The Company s loan portfolio represents the largest and highest yielding assets. The fundamental lending business of the Company is based on understanding, measuring, and controlling the credit risk inherent in the loan portfolio. The Company s loan portfolio is subject to varying degrees of credit risk. Credit risk entails both general risks, which are inherent in the process of lending, and risk specific to individual borrowers. The Company s credit risk is mitigated through portfolio diversification, which limits exposure to any single customer, industry, or collateral type. Typically, each consumer and
residential lending product has a generally predictable level of credit losses based on historical loss experience. Home mortgage and home equity loans and lines generally have the lowest credit loss experience, while loans secured by personal property, such as auto loans, are generally expected to experience more elevated credit losses. Credit risk in commercial lending can vary significantly, as losses as a percentage of outstanding loans can shift widely during economic cycles and are particularly sensitive to changing economic conditions. Generally, improving economic conditions result in improved operating results on the part of commercial customers, enhancing their ability to meet their particular debt service requirements. Improvements, if any, in operating cash flows can be offset by the impact of rising interest rates that may occur during improved economic times. Declining economic conditions have an adverse effect on the operating results of commercial customers, reducing
their ability to meet debt service obligations. 

 To control and manage credit risk, management has a credit process in place to ensure credit standards are maintained along with strong oversight and review procedures. The primary purpose of loan underwriting is the evaluation of specific lending risks and involves the analysis of the borrower s ability to service the debt as well as the assessment of the value of the underlying collateral. Oversight and review procedures include the monitoring of portfolio credit quality, early identification of potential problem credits, and the aggressive management of problem credits. Executive management has implemented the following
measures to proactively manage credit risk in the loan portfolio: 

1) 

 Reviewed all underwriting guidelines for various loan segments and have strengthened underwriting guidelines where needed; 

2) 

 Evaluated outside loan review parameters, engaging the services of a well-established firm to continue with such loan review, addressing not only specific loans but underwriting analysis, documentation, credit evaluation, and risk identification; 

3) 

 Increased the frequency of internal reviews of past due and delinquent loans to assess probable credit risks early in the delinquency process to minimize losses; 

4) 

 Aggressively seeks ownership and control, when appropriate, of real estate properties, which would otherwise go through time-consuming and costly foreclosure proceedings to effectively control the disposition of such collateral; 

5) 

 Aggressively obtaining updated financial information on commercial credits and performing analytical reviews to determine debt source capacities in business performance trends; and 

6) 

 Engaged a well-established auditing firm to analyze the Company s loan loss reserve methodology and documentation. 

The following is a schedule of loan maturities and repricing based on contract terms as of December 31, 2014. 

 Scheduled Loan Maturities/Repricings 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Due Year 

Due 1 5 Years 

Due >5 Years 

Total 

Total Gross Loans 

62,412 

65,825 

18,189 

146,426 

Of the loans included in the preceding schedule, 68.0 are adjustable rate and 32.0 are fixed rate to maturity. 

32 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Allowance for Loan Loss. The ALLL represents management s estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The allowance is actively managed to ensure future earnings are not impacted by credit losses. Reserves are based on historical loss analysis, assessment of current portfolio, and market conditions, and any identified loss potential in specific credits. Reserve levels are recommended by senior management on a quarterly basis and approved by the Board of Directors. 

 The ALLL is managed to create a reserve that is adequate and conservative, but not excessive. The ALLL is composed of a reserve to absorb probable and quantifiable losses based on current knowledge of the loan portfolio and a reserve to absorb losses which are not specifically identified, but can be reasonably expected. 

 Following the guidelines set forth in GAAP, Interagency Policy Statements on the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses, and all other relevant supervisory guidance, the adequacy of the ALLL is ensured by applying consistent methods of identification, analysis, computation, documentation, and reporting. 

 The Bank s ALLL has two components, the general reserve and the specific reserve. Included in the general reserve is the environmental reserve. 

 The general reserve is calculated by applying annualized net loan losses taken during a 36 month rolling look back period to the current loan portfolio, less any loans considered in the specific reserve analysis. To reflect the variations in risk of different loan products, the portfolio is segmented by collateral type, borrower type, and underwriting process. 

 The specific reserve is the calculated impairment of all loans classified as impaired, with a minimum outstanding principal balance of 100,000. A loan is classified as impaired when it is probable that the Bank will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the loan agreement s contractual terms. All loans classified as Troubled Debt Restructurings are also evaluated in the specific reserve. Impairment is measured based on one of the three following methods: 

Present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate; 

Loan s observable market price; or 

Fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. 

The environmental reserve allows management to consider qualitative or environmental factors that are likely to cause estimated credit losses to differ from historical loss experience. The Bank s environmental reserve considers 11 risk factors which are evaluated as minimal, low, moderate, or high risk. As the overall risk level of the environmental factors increases, the proportion of the loan portfolio held in reserve also increases. Risk factors considered in the analysis are: 

Lending experience, with particular attention paid to new lenders; 

Exceptions to loan policy; 

Rate of total portfolio delinquency; 

Growth rate of loan portfolio; 

Exposure to commercial loan concentrations; 

Exposure to watch list loans; 

Consumer sentiment; 

General economic conditions; 

Regulatory risk; 

Unemployment, with particular attention paid to local unemployment; and 

Vintage risk, with particular attention paid to underwriting procedures at time loans were made. 

33 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Percentage of Each Loan Segment to Total Loans. Summary of ALLL allocated by loan segment at December 31, 

of loan segments to total loans 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Allowance Amount 

Total Loans 

Allowance Amount 

Total Loans 

Loan Type 

Commercial 

3,491 

60.1 

3,873 

62.3 

Real Estate 

195 

26.5 

267 

23.1 

Consumer 

183 

13.4 

244 

14.6 

Total Loans 

3,869 

100 

4,384 

100 

The Bank s ALLL level was 2.64 of total loans as of December 31, 2014 and 2.98 of total loans as of December 31, 2013. 

 The general reserve comprised 69 of the total allowance at December 31, 2014, compared to 72 at December 31, 2013, while the specific allowance accounted for 31 of the total allowance at December 31, 2014, compared to 28 at December 31, 2013. The severity of estimated losses on impaired loans can differ substantially from actual losses. The general reserve is calculated in two parts based on an internal risk classification of loans within each portfolio segment. General reserves on loans considered to be classified under regulatory guidance are calculated separately from loans considered to be pass 
rated under the same guidance. This segregation allows the Company to monitor the reserves related to higher risk loans separate from the remainder of the portfolio in order to better manage risk and ensure the sufficiency of reserves. The ALLL decreased 0.5 million (11.7 year-over-year to 3.9 million as of December 31, 2014 from 4.4 million on December 31, 2013. The decrease resulted from the net effect of 359 thousand in recoveries and a provision recovery of 186 thousand, offset by charge-offs totaling 688 thousand. 

 Summary of Allowance for Loan Losses. The following schedule summarizes the charge-offs and recoveries by loan segment, charged to the allowance for loan losses at December 31: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial 

Real Estate 

Consumer 

Total 

December 31, 2014 

Beginning balance January 1, 2014 

3,873 

267 

244 

4,384 

Charge-offs 

(458 

(45 

(185 

(688 

Recoveries 

295 

21 

43 

359 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries 

(163 

(24 

(142 

(329 

Provision 

(219 

(48 

81 

(186 

Ending balance December 31, 2014 

3,491 

195 

183 

3,869 

December 31, 2013 

Beginning balance January 1, 2013 

4,846 

203 

155 

5,204 

Charge-offs 

(1,171 

(108 

(395 

(1,674 

Recoveries 

568 

55 

40 

663 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries 

(603 

(53 

(355 

(1,011 

Provision 

(370 

117 

444 

191 

Ending balance December 31, 2013 

3,873 

267 

244 

4,384 

Management has taken steps to address current problem loans and has attempted to implement an infrastructure to prevent nonperforming loans and charge-offs from reaching the levels of the past few years in the future. 

 To understand and address existing weaknesses in the loan portfolio, the loan monitoring process has been centralized and additional qualified staff has been hired to review the loan portfolio and ensure that credits are appropriately graded and adequate levels of loan loss reserve are established. All large loan relationships have 

34 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 been analyzed to identify cash flow, collateral, and structural weaknesses. Such monitoring is being done on an ongoing basis according to the following timeframe: 250 thousand to 1 million exposure, annually; 1 million exposure, semiannually; watch list loans with aggregate exposure > 100 thousand are analyzed each quarter. 

 Underwriting has also been largely centralized and is an independent function of lending. All commercial loan requests > 25 thousand, all consumer loan requests > 50 thousand, and all unsecured loan requests > 10 thousand are centrally underwritten. Additionally, any loan request to a customer with aggregate exposure > 100 thousand requires centralized underwriting. Underwriting provides an approve/deny recommendation and loans with a deny recommendation cannot be approved outside the Officers Loan Committee. 

 In addition to centralizing the account monitoring and underwriting processes, the Bank has significantly strengthened its lending policy. Loan approval levels have been adjusted downward and customers with loan exposure in excess of 1.5 million require approval from the Board of Directors. 

 Nonaccrual Impaired Loans. Before loans are charged off, they typically go through a phase of nonperforming status. Various stages exist when dealing with such nonperformance. The first stage is simple delinquency, where customers consistently start paying late, 30, 60, 90 days at a time. These accounts may then be put on a list of loans to watch as they continue to under-perform according to original terms. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when management believes the collection of the principal and interest is doubtful. A delinquent loan is generally placed on nonaccrual status
when principal and/or interest is past due 90 days or more or if the financial strength of the borrower has declined, collateral value has declined or other facts would make the repayment of the loan suspect, unless the loan is well-secured or in the process of collection. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual, all interest which has been accrued is charged back against current earnings as a reduction in interest income, which adversely affects the yield on loans in the period of reversal. No additional interest is accrued on the loan balance until collection of both principal and interest becomes reasonably certain. Loans placed on nonaccrual status may be returned to accrual status after payments are received for a minimum of six consecutive months in accordance with the loan documents, and any doubt as to the loan s full collectability has been removed or the troubled loan is restructured and evidenced by a credit evaluation of the borrower s financial condition and the
prospects for full payment. 

 Management considers a loan to be impaired when, based on current information and events, it is determined that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement, including scheduled interest payments. When management identifies a loan as impaired, the impairment is measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the observable market price of the loan, except when the sole (remaining) source of repayment for the loan is the liquidation of the collateral. In these cases, management uses the
current fair value of the collateral, less selling costs when foreclosure is probable, instead of discounted cash flows. If management determines the value of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan (net of previous charge-offs and deferred loan fees or costs), impairment is recognized through an allowance estimate or a charge-off to the allowance. When management determines an impaired loan is a confirmed loss, the estimated impairment is directly charged-off to the loan rather than creating a specific reserve for inclusion in the allowance for loan losses. However, not all impaired loans are in nonaccrual status because they may be current with regards to the payment terms. Their determination as an impaired loan is based on some inherent weakness in the credit that may, if certain circumstances occur or arise, result in an inability to comply with the loan agreement s contractual terms. Impaired loans exclude large groups of smaller-homogeneous loans
that are collectively evaluated for impairment such as consumer real estate and installment loans. 

35 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Summary of Impaired Loans. The following schedule summarizes impaired and non-performing loans at December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Impaired loans 

11,277 

11,357 

Loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis 

7,729 

7,788 

Accruing loans, which are contractually past due 90 days or more as to interest or principal payments 

Total nonperforming loans 

7,729 

7,788 

Nonperforming loans to allowance for loan losses 

199.8 

177.6 

Nonperforming loans, comprised of loans on nonaccrual status along with loans that are contractually past due 90 days or more but have not been classified as nonaccrual, totaled 7.7 million at December 31, 2014, a decrease of 0.1 million or 0.8 , compared to nonperforming loans of 7.8 million at December 31, 2013. The decrease in nonperforming loans was primarily due to management s proactive approach to identify and resolve nonperforming loans and to the reclassification of 0.8 million of principal to OREO, the payoff of 2.0 million, 0.2 million which was subsequently upgraded, and the charge-off/charge-down of 1.0
million, offset by the addition of 3.8 million. Nonperforming loans to total loans was 5.28 at December 31, 2014 and 5.30 at December 31, 2013. Nonperforming loans represented 3.83 of total assets at December 31, 2014 compared to 3.88 at December 31, 2013. 

 The allowance for loan losses, specifically related to impaired loans at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 was 1.2 million for each year, related to loans with principal balances of 11.3 million and 11.4 million respectively. The Company s financial statements are prepared on the accrual basis of accounting, including the recognition of interest income on the loan portfolio, unless a loan is placed on nonaccrual status. Amounts received on nonaccrual loans generally are applied first to principal and then to interest only after all principal has been collected. 

 Troubled Debt Restructurings. In certain circumstances, the Company may modify the terms of a loan to maximize the collection of amounts due when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulties or is expected to experience difficulties in the near term. In most cases, the modification is either a concessionary reduction in interest rate, extension of the maturity date, or reduction in the principal balance that would otherwise not be considered. Concessionary modifications are classified as troubled debt restructurings unless the modification results in only an insignificant delay in the payments to
be received. Troubled debt restructurings are separately identified for impairment disclosures and are measured at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s effective rate at inception. If a troubled debt restructuring is considered to be collateral dependent, the loan is reported at the fair value of the collateral. All such restructured loans are considered impaired loans and may either be in accruing or nonaccruing status. If the borrower has demonstrated performance under the previous terms and the Company s underwriting process shows the borrower has the capacity to continue to perform under the restructured terms, the loan will continue to accrue interest. The Company continues to work with customers to modify loans for borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulties. 

 Troubled debt restructured loans totaled 5.2 million at December 31, 2014 and 4.5 million as of December 31, 2013. Of those balances, 3.3 million was on accrual basis as of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013. During 2014, 15 loan relationships totaling 1.5 million in principal were restructured. 

 There are no commitments to lend additional amounts to borrowers with loans that are classified as troubled debt restructurings as of December 31, 2014. 

 Other Real Estate Owned. As of December 31, 2014, the Bank s OREO portfolio consisted of 11 properties with a cost basis of 1.1 million and a nominal valuation allowance bringing the carrying value to 1.1 million. Management believes the carrying value for the OREO portfolio approximated liquidation value as of December 31, 2014. It is the intention of the Board of Directors and management to liquidate all OREO properties in existence as of December 31, 2014 prior to December 31, 2015. 

36 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Investment Portfolio. The Company s available for sale investment portfolio decreased 3.5 million (10.0 to 31.2 million as of December 31, 2014 from 34.6 million as of December 31, 2013. The decrease resulted from maturity and principal payments totaling 4.0 million, sales of 4.7 million offset by purchases of 5.1 million, and gains in market value of 0.2 million, less amortization of 0.3 million. As of December 31, 2014, the investment portfolio reported an unrealized loss of 10 thousand versus an unrealized loss of 153 thousand at December 31, 2013. 

(Dollars in thousands) As of December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Securities available for sale 

U.S. government securities 

5,067 

U.S. government federal agencies 

13,869 

13,712 

State and local governments 

1,035 

7,339 

Mortgage backed securities 

11,193 

13,579 

Total 

31,164 

34,630 

At December 31, 2014, there were no concentrations of securities of any one issuer whose carrying value exceeded 10 of shareholders equity. 

 Maturity Schedule of Investment Securities. Maturity schedule (by contractual maturity of the Company s investment securities, by carrying value, and the related weighted average yield at December 31, 2014: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Maturing in One Year or Less 

Maturing After One Year Through Five Years 

Maturing After Five Years Through Ten Years 

Maturing After Ten Years 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

U.S. government securities 

0.00 

4,056 

1.03 

1,011 

1.89 

0.00 

U.S. government federal agencies 

0.00 

12,362 

1.23 

1,507 

1.94 

0.00 

State and local governments 

457 

2.30 

578 

1.85 

0.00 

0.00 

Mortgage backed securities 

0.00 

3 

1.94 

812 

1.76 

10,378 

2.10 

Total 

457 

2.30 

16,999 

1.20 

3,330 

1.88 

10,378 

2.10 

The weighted average interest rates are based on coupon rates for investments purchased at par value and on effective interest rates considering amortization or accretion if the investment and mortgage-backed securities were purchased at a premium or discount. The weighted average yield on tax-exempt obligations has been determined on a tax equivalent basis. Other investment securities consisting of Federal Home Loan Bank stock that bears no stated maturity or yield is not included in this analysis. Maturities are reported based on stated maturities and do not reflect principal prepayment assumptions. Yields are based on
amortized cost balances. 

 Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. For purposes of the maturity table, mortgage-backed securities, which are not due at a single maturity date, have been allocated over maturity groupings based on the weighted-average contractual maturities of underlying collateral. The mortgage backed securities may mature earlier than their weighted-average contractual maturities because of principal prepayments. 

 Cash and Cash Equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents totaled 16.6 million as of December 31, 2014, a 1.6 million, or 10.9 , increase from the December 31, 2013 balance of 15.0 million. 

 Premises and Equipment. Premises and equipment decreased 233 thousand or 7.1 to 3.1 million at December 31, 2014 from 3.3 million at December 31, 2013. The decrease can be attributed to depreciation expense of 333 thousand during 2014. 

 Other Assets. With the reversal of the 5.1 million deferred tax asset allowance, other assets increased 4.7 million or 319.4 to 6.1 million at December 31, 2014 from 1.4 million at December 31, 2013. Absent the deferred tax asset allowance, other assets declined 0.4 million. 

37 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Deposits and Borrowings. The Company s primary source of funds is customer deposits. The Bank offers a variety of deposit products in an attempt to remain competitive and respond to changes in consumer demand. The Company relies primarily on its high quality customer service, sales programs, customer referrals, and advertising to attract and retain these deposits. Deposits provide the primary source of funding for the Company s lending and investment activities and the interest paid for deposits must be carefully managed to control the level of interest expense. 

 The deposit portfolio decreased 7.6 million, or 4.1 , to 178.0 million as of December 31, 2014 from 185.6 million as of December 31, 2013. Although both NOW and noninterest bearing accounts were up 1.8 million, or 8.7 and 2.6 million (12.7 respectively year-over-year, significant decreases occurred in certificates of deposit 12.6 million or 14.7 ). The decrease in time deposits can be attributed to a pricing strategy of setting competitive offering rates, but not the highest deposit rates in our market, resulting in a 15 bps year-over-year decrease in cost of deposits. Management expects these trends to moderate in
2015. 

 Large Time Deposits. The following table sets forth the maturities of the Bank s certificates of deposit having principal amounts greater than 100,000 at December 31: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Certificates of deposit maturing in quarter ending: 

Three months or less 

7,088 

4,532 

Over three months through six months 

3,002 

3,283 

Over six months through twelve months 

11,024 

8,740 

Over twelve months 

15,161 

26,416 

Total 

36,275 

42,971 

Average Deposits. Average deposit balances and average rates paid are summarized as follows for the years ended December 31: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Amount 

Rate 

Amount 

Rate 

Noninterest bearing demand deposits 

22,248 

0.00 

20,949 

0.00 

Interest bearing demand deposits 

21,795 

0.11 

19,676 

0.13 

Savings deposits 

60,735 

0.18 

64,257 

0.23 

Time deposits 

79,794 

1.31 

95,649 

1.47 

Total 

184,572 

0.64 

200,531 

0.79 

The 2012 Consent Order prohibits the Bank from acquiring or renewing brokered deposit agreements. To date, this restriction has not materially impacted funding, as alternate sources of liquidity have been identified and appear to be adequate to meet near term requirements. As of December 31, 2014, one brokered deposit agreement totaling 3.0 million remains with a maturity date of March 23, 2015. 

 Other Borrowings. Borrowed funds totaled 6.1 million as of December 31, 2014, a 216 thousand, or 3.4 , decrease from the December 31, 2013 balance. The borrowings consist of three loans to Bancorp. The loans must be repaid from cash at Bancorp. Per the 2012 Consent Order with the FDIC, the Bank is not permitted to make any forms of payments to Bancorp. Bancorp s cash position was 921 thousand as of December 31, 2014. Subsequent to December 31, 2014, the Company has entered into an agreement to sell an OREO property for 54 thousand. This OREO resulted from the foreclosure of a real estate
development loan. Of the 65 original building lots, a total of 40 have been sold, 25 lots remain with 1 of those in contract. Management believes the proceeds from the exercise of existing common stock warrants and ongoing OREO sales will be adequate to meet the Company s debt service payments during 2015. 

 As of February 9, 2015, the Company had renegotiated a portion of the 5.0 million note payable due December 29, 2015. An interest only note for 1,644,546.60, due August 4, 2021, with a fixed interest rate of 6.00 , and 28,675 shares of the Company's common stock have been exchanged for 2.3 million of the 

38 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 original 5.0 million note. The remaining 2.7 million of the original 5.0 million note will continue unaltered, earning a fixed rate of 8.00 with the remaining principal of 2.7 million due December 29, 2015. 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Description 

Balance of Loan as of 12/31/14 

Interest Rate 

Frequency of Payments 

Status 

Maturity Date 

Loan 1 

5,000,000 

8.00 

Monthly 

Interest Only 

12/29/2015 

Loan 2 

662,370 

4.75 

Monthly 

Amortizing 

11/21/2019 

Loan 3 

485,132 

4.25 

Monthly 

Amortizing 

6/25/2019 

No FHLB borrowings were outstanding as of December 31, 2014 or December 31, 2013. The Bank had an approved FHLB line-of-credit of 16.0 million as of December 31, 2014. In addition, the Company has collateralized federal fund lines of 5.0 million with the FRB and 1.0 million with Great Lakes Bankers Bank. Neither line was drawn upon as of December 31, 2014. The FHLB line was secured via the pledge of mortgage loans totaling 34.6 million, the Federal Reserve federal fund line is secured via the pledge of 7.8 million of automobile loans and the Great Lakes Bankers Bank line is secured via the pledge of cash. 

 Accrued Interest Payable. Accrued interest payable on deposits decreased by 443 thousand, or 22.9 , from 1.9 million at December 31, 2013 to 1.5 million at December 31, 2014. This decrease is the result of, and in line with, the year over year decrease in certificates of deposit. 

 Other Liabilities. Other liabilities were flat at 1.4 million, increasing by 23 thousand from December 31, 2013 to December 31, 2014. Accounts payable, a major component of other liabilities, declined 181 thousand from December 31, 2013 to December 31, 2014. This decrease is attributable to the timing of payments. Pension liabilities also increased 204 thousand, or 38.6 , to 733 thousand at December 31, 2014. 

 Concentrations of Credit Risk. Financial institutions, such as the Bank, generate income primarily through lending and investing activities. The risk of loss from lending and investing activities includes the possibility that losses may occur from the failure of another party to perform according to the terms of the loan or investment agreement. This possibility is known as credit risk. 

 Lending or investing activities that concentrate assets in a way that exposes the Company to a material loss from any single occurrence or group of occurrences increases credit risk. Diversifying loans and investments to prevent concentrations of risks is one way a financial institution can reduce potential losses due to credit risk. Examples of asset concentrations would include multiple loans made to a single borrower and loans of inappropriate size relative to the total capitalization of the institution. Management believes adherence to its loan and investment policies allows it to control its exposure to concentrations of
credit risk at acceptable levels. Citizens Bank s loan portfolio is concentrated geographically in central Ohio. Management has identified lending for non-owner occupied residential real estate as a lending concentration. Total loans for these properties totaled 28.6 million at December 31, 2014 versus 26.5 million at December 31, 2013. At December 31, 2014, non-owner occupied residential real estate represented 19.5 of the loan portfolio, up from 18 of the Bank s loan portfolio at December 31, 2013. Management believes it has the skill and experience to manage any risks associated with this type of lending. Loans in this category are generally paying as agreed without any unusual or unexpected levels of delinquency. The delinquency rate in this category, which is any loan 30 days or more past due, was 4.8 at December 31, 2014. 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 The Company s primary source of liquidity is its core deposit base, raised through the Bank s branch network, along with wholesale sources of funding and its capital base. These funds, along with investment securities, provide the ability to meet the needs of depositors while funding new loan demand and existing commitments. 

 Cash generated from operating activities was 0.7 million in the year ended in December 31, 2014 and 1.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2013. The major adjustment made to reconcile net income to cash provided by or used in operations during the periods presented was the adjustment for the removal of the deferred tax asset allowance of 5.1 million. The gain on the sale of OREO properties, and offsetting increases and decreases in accrued interest payable and other assets were additional major adjustments. 

39 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 The primary investing activity of the Bank is lending, which is funded with cash provided from operating and financing activities, as well as proceeds from payment on existing loans and proceeds from maturities of investment securities. 

 In considering the more typical investing activities, during 2014, 8.7 million was generated from the combination of maturity, pay-downs, calls or sale of available for sale investment securities and 5.1 million was used to purchase available for sale securities during 2014. Proceeds from the sale of OREO generated 2.9 million in cash during the year ended December 31, 2014. During 2013, 8.9 million was generated from the combination of maturity, pay-downs, calls or sale of available for sale investment securities and 17.2 million was provided by a decline in loan growth. There were no purchases of available for sale
investment securities during 2013. Proceeds from the sale of OREO generated 2.2 million during 2013. 

 For 2014, total deposits decreased by 7.6 million versus a decline of 24.2 million during 2013. The Company had no activity in FHLB advances during either 2014 or 2013. The 2014 capital campaign raised 3.2 million after all related expenses were deducted. For additional information about cash flows from the Bank s operating, investing, and financing activities, see the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 As disclosed in Note I of the notes to consolidated financial statements, the Company has also entered into agreements to extend credit or provide conditional payments pursuant to standby and commercial letters of credit. As a result of the Company s off-balance sheet arrangements for 2014 and 2013, no material revenue, expenses, or cash flows were recognized. In addition, the Company had no other indebtedness or retained interests nor entered into agreements to extend credit or provide conditional payments pursuant to standby and commercial letters of credit. 

 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 Not applicable. 

40 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

41 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiary as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2014. Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiary as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2014, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 /s/ Suttle Stalnaker, PLLC Parkersburg, West Virginia March 17, 2015 

F-1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 CITIZENS INDEPENDENT BANCORP, INC. Logan, Ohio CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2014 and 2013 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and amounts due from depository institutions 

13,290 

6,758 

Federal funds sold 

3,343 

8,246 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

16,633 

15,004 

Securities available for sale 

31,164 

34,630 

Other investment securities 

859 

859 

Loans 

146,426 

147,017 

Allowance for loan losses 

(3,869 

(4,384 

Net loans 

142,557 

142,633 

Premises and equipment, net 

3,050 

3,283 

Accrued interest receivable 

348 

446 

Other real estate owned 

1,068 

2,532 

Other assets 

6,144 

1,465 

TOTAL ASSETS 

201,823 

200,852 

LIABILITIES 

Deposits 

Noninterest bearing 

23,153 

20,539 

Interest bearing 

154,814 

165,032 

Total deposits 

177,967 

185,571 

Borrowed funds 

6,147 

6,363 

Accrued interest payable 

1,492 

1,935 

Other liabilities 

1,380 

1,357 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

186,986 

195,226 

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Cumulative preferred stock of no par value; 100,000 shares authorized, 0 shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock of no par value; 2,000,000 shares authorized and 638,555 shares issued and 584,175 shares outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 900,000 shares authorized and 399,748 shares issued and 345,368 outstanding at December 31, 2013 

12,297 

9,307 

Common stock warrants, 119,003 warrants issued and 118,253 outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 0 warrants issued and outstanding at December 31, 2013 

187 

Retained earnings 

9,458 

3,380 

Treasury stock, at cost, 54,380 shares at December 31, 2014 and at December 31, 2013 

(6,590 

(6,590 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

(515 

(471 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

14,837 

5,626 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

201,823 

200,852 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F-2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 CITIZENS INDEPENDENT BANCORP, INC. Logan, Ohio CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME Years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

2014 

2013 

INTEREST INCOME 

Interest and fees on loans 

7,689 

8,686 

Interest and dividends on investment securities 

738 

776 

Interest on federal funds sold 

26 

19 

TOTAL INTEREST INCOME 

8,453 

9,481 

INTEREST EXPENSE 

Interest on deposits 

1,178 

1,579 

Interest on borrowed funds 

456 

468 

TOTAL INTEREST EXPENSE 

1,634 

2,047 

NET INTEREST INCOME 

6,819 

7,434 

Provision for loan losses 

(186 

191 

NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES 

7,005 

7,243 

NONINTEREST INCOME 

Service charges 

451 

514 

Net gain (loss) on sale of securities 

202 

31 

Net gain (loss) on sale of loans 

83 

Net gain (loss) on sale of repossessed assets 

464 

271 

Credit card income and fees 

339 

324 

Other 

272 

335 

TOTAL NONINTEREST INCOME 

1,728 

1,558 

NONINTEREST EXPENSES 

Salaries and employee benefits 

3,392 

3,670 

Net occupancy and equipment expenses 

1,048 

1,072 

Other real estate owned expense 

308 

128 

FDIC insurance expense 

401 

480 

Legal and professional fees 

434 

363 

Data processing 

314 

345 

Advertising 

205 

185 

Examinations and audits 

341 

165 

Pension expense 

59 

220 

Telephone 

87 

113 

Other professional fees 

150 

111 

Director fees 

174 

68 

Dues and subscriptions 

172 

77 

Other insurance 

142 

102 

Other operating expenses 

527 

1,095 

TOTAL NONINTEREST EXPENSES 

7,754 

8,194 

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

979 

607 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(5,099 

NET INCOME 

6,078 

607 

Basic earnings per common share 

11.21 

1.84 

Diluted earnings per common share 

11.08 

1.84 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F-3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 CITIZENS INDEPENDENT BANCORP, INC. Logan, Ohio CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Net income 

6,078 

607 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Change in unrecognized actuarial gain (loss) on pension plan, net of income taxes of 70) and 125 for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively 

(138 

229 

Net unrealized holding gain (loss) on securities available for sale, net of income taxes of 118 and (336) for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively 

227 

(653 

Reclassification for gains recognized on sale of securities available for sale, net of income taxes of 69 and 11 for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively 

(133 

(20 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

(44 

(444 

Comprehensive income 

6,034 

163 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F-4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 CITIZENS INDEPENDENT BANCORP, INC. Logan, Ohio CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Common stock 

Common stock subscribed 

Common stock warrants 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total 

Balances at January 1, 2013 

8,807 

500 

2,773 

(6,529 

(27 

5,524 

Comprehensive Income: 

Net income 

607 

607 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax: 

Change in unrealized gain (loss) on securities available for sale 

(673 

(673 

Change in unrecognized gain (loss) on pension 

229 

229 

Stock Repurchase 625 shares 

(61 

(61 

Common stock issued 28,968 shares 

500 

(500 

Balances at December 31, 2013 

9,307 

3,380 

(6,590 

(471 

5,626 

Comprehensive Income: 

Net income 

6,078 

6,078 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax: 

Change in unrealized gain (loss) on securities available for sale 

94 

94 

Change in unrecognized gain (loss) on pension 

(138 

(138 

Common stock warrants issued 119,003 warrants 

188 

188 

Common stock warrants exercised 750 warrants 

12 

(1 

11 

Common stock issued 238,057 shares 

2,978 

2,978 

Balances at December 31, 2014 

12,297 

187 

9,458 

(6,590 

(515 

14,837 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F-5 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 CITIZENS INDEPENDENT BANCORP, INC. Logan, Ohio CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

6,078 

607 

Adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 

Provision for loan losses 

(186 

191 

Depreciation and amortization 

333 

389 

Deferred income taxes 

(5,099 

Investment securities amortization (accretion), net 

173 

224 

Provision for other real estate owned losses 

127 

26 

Change in value of bank owned life insurance 

(8 

Net (gain) loss on sale of other real estate owned 

(464 

(271 

Net (gain) loss on sale of investments 

(202 

(31 

Net (gain) loss on disposition of premises and equipment 

20 

110 

Net (gain) loss on sale of loans 

(83 

Proceeds from sale of loans 

4,149 

Loans originated for sale 

(3,389 

Net change in: 

Accrued interest receivable 

98 

89 

Accrued interest payable 

(443 

(97 

Other assets 

451 

68 

Other liabilities 

(186 

(931 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

692 

1,051 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases of available for sale securities 

(5,070 

Proceeds from maturities of available for sale securities 

3,998 

8,891 

Proceeds from sale of available for sale securities 

4,710 

Proceeds from sale of other securities 

80 

Net changes in loans 

(858 

17,176 

Proceeds from the sale of other real estate owned 

2,920 

2,214 

Purchases of premises and equipment 

(120 

(123 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

5,580 

28,238 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net change in deposits 

(7,604 

(24,236 

Payments on loans payable 

(216 

(203 

Purchase of treasury stock 

(61 

Issuance of common stock 

3,177 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(4,643 

(24,500 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

1,629 

4,789 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

15,004 

10,215 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 

16,633 

15,004 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F-6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE A SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 Nature of Operations 

 Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. (the Bancorp) is a bank holding company whose wholly-owned bank subsidiary, The Citizens Bank of Logan (the Bank), together referred to as the Company, is engaged in the business of commercial and retail banking services with operations conducted through offices in Hocking, Athens and Fairfield counties. These communities and surrounding areas are the source of substantially all the Company s deposit and loan activities. Secured loans are secured by business assets, consumer assets, residential real estate, and non-residential real estate. The majority of Company income is derived from
commercial, real estate, and retail lending activities and investments. Other financial instruments which potentially represent concentrations of credit risk include deposit accounts in other financial institutions and federal funds sold. 

 In October 2012, the Bank entered into a publicly available Consent Order with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and a written agreement with the Ohio Division of Financial Institutions (DFI) (collectively, referred to as the Orders) which require the Bank to take a number of actions. Significant among the required actions is the development of a Capital Plan which will result in the Bank meeting and maintaining its level of Tier 1 capital as a percentage of its total assets at a minimum of 8.50 and its level of qualifying total capital as a percentage of risk-weighted assets at a minimum of 11.50 . The Orders
contain a number of listed deliverables and filing deadlines. 

 Basis of Financial Statement Presentation 

 The accounting and reporting policies of the Bancorp and its Subsidiary conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and to general practices followed within the banking industry. 

 To conform to the 2013 presentation, certain reclassifications have been made to prior amounts, which had no impact on net income, comprehensive income, or shareholders equity. 

 Principles of Consolidation 

 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, The Citizens Bank of Logan. Citizens Travel Center was closed in 2013. The balance sheet and statement of income for the Citizens Travel Center were immaterial to the consolidated financial statements. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. 

 Use of Estimates 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

 Investment Securities 

 Debt securities are classified as held-to-maturity when management has the positive intent and ability to hold the securities to maturity. Securities held-to-maturity are carried at amortized cost. The amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts are recognized in interest income using methods approximating the interest method over the period to maturity. 

 Debt securities not classified as held-to-maturity are classified as available for sale. Securities available for sale are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of the deferred income tax effect, reported in accumulated other comprehensive income. Realized gains (losses) on securities available for sale are included in noninterest income and, when applicable, are reported as a reclassification adjustment, net of income tax, in other comprehensive income. Gains and losses on sales of securities are determined on the specific-identification method. 

F-7 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE A SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

 Declines in the fair value of individual held-to-maturity and available for sale securities below their cost that are other than temporary result in write-downs of the individual securities to their fair value. The related write-downs are included in earnings as realized losses of which none have been reported in the periods presented. 

 Loans 

 Loans are stated at unpaid principal balances, less the allowance for loan losses and unearned discounts. Interest on loans is accrued based on principal amounts outstanding. 

 The accrual of interest on mortgage and commercial loans is discontinued at the time the loan is 90 days past due unless the credit is well-secured and in process of collection. Personal loans are typically charged off no later than 180 days past due. Past due status is based on contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual or charged off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. 

 Interest accrued in the current year but not collected for loans that are placed on nonaccrual or charged off is reversed against current interest income and unpaid interest accrued in prior years is charged to the allowance for loan losses. The interest on nonaccrual loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. 

 Consistent with the Bank s existing method of income recognition for loans, interest on impaired loans, except those classified as nonaccrual, is recognized as income using the accrual method. 

 Loans Held for Sale 

 Mortgage loans originated and held for sale in the secondary market are carried at the lower of cost or market value determined on an aggregate basis. Net unrealized losses are recognized in a valuation allowance through charges to income. Gains and losses on the sale of loans held for sale are determined using the specific identification method. 

 Allowance for Loan Losses 

 The allowance for loan losses is established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan losses charged to earnings. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. 

 The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular basis by management and is based upon management s periodic review of the collectability of the loans in light of historical experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 

 The allowance consists of specific, general and environmental components. The specific component relates to loans that are classified as doubtful, substandard, or troubled debt restructurings (TDRs). For such loans that are also classified as impaired, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows, collateral value, or observable market price of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The general component covers non-classified loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors. 

 A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal and interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a
case-by- case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including 

F-8 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE A SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

 the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis for commercial and construction loans by either the present value of expected cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. 

 Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, the Bank does not separately identify individual consumer and residential loans for impairment disclosures, unless such loans are the subject of a restructuring agreement. 

 Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDRs) 

 Management classifies loans as TDRs when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and the Bank has granted a concession. In order to determine whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without the modification. This evaluation is performed under the Bank s internal underwriting policy. 

 Management s policy is to modify loans by extending the term or by granting a temporary or permanent contractual interest rate below the market rate. TDRs are separately identified for impairment disclosures and are measured by the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s effective rate at inception. If a TDR is considered to be a collateral dependent loan, the loan is reported at the fair value of the collateral. 

 Premises and Equipment 

 Land is carried at cost. Other premises and equipment are recorded at cost net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based principally on the estimated useful lives of the assets. Useful lives are revised when a change in life expectancy becomes apparent. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred while major additions and improvements are capitalized. Gains or losses on dispositions are included in current operations as realized. 

 Other Real Estate Owned (OREO) 

 OREO is recorded at fair value less anticipated selling costs (net realizable value) and consists of property acquired through foreclosure and real estate held for sale. If the net realizable value is below the carrying value of the loan at the date of transfer, the difference is charged to the allowance for loan losses. Subsequent declines in the fair value of real estate are classified as OREO devaluations, which are reported as adjustments to the carrying value of OREO and are recorded as a charge to operations included in noninterest expense. In certain circumstances where management believes the devaluation may not be
permanent in nature, the Company utilizes a valuation allowance to record OREO devaluations, which is also expensed through noninterest expense. Costs relating to development and improvement of such properties are capitalized (not in excess of fair value less estimated costs to sell) and costs relating to holding the properties are charged to expense. 

 Bank Owned Life Insurance 

 The Company has purchased a life insurance policy on one retired executive. Company owned life insurance is recorded at its cash surrender value, or the amount that can be realized. Increases in the asset value are recorded as earnings in other income. 

F-9 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE A SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

 The accumulated other comprehensive income component of equity results from the unrealized gains and losses on available for sale securities and from the unrecognized actuarial loss of the pension plan. 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Securities available for sale 

(7 

(101 

Unrecognized actuarial loss of the pension plan 

(508 

(370 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

(515 

(471 

Employee Benefit Plans 

 Pension expense is the net of service and interest cost, return on plan assets, and amortization of gains and losses not immediately recognized. 401(K) plan expense is based on the Company s annual contribution. 

 Earnings Per Common Share 

 Earnings per common share are net income available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. The factors used in the earnings per share computation follow: 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

2014 

2013 

Net income 

6,078 

607 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

542,398 

330,779 

Basic earnings per common share 

11.21 

1.84 

Total shares and warrants 

548,348 

330,779 

Diluted earnings per share 

11.08 

1.84 

At December 31, 2014, there are 118,253 warrants outstanding. Each warrant allows the holder to purchase a share of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. common stock at a price equal to 90 of the book price per share at the close of the preceding month. These warrants expire on June 25, 2016. 

 In 2014, the Company offered a total of 369,754 common shares plus 184,877 warrants, for a total of 554,631 shares, selling a total of 238,057 shares and issuing a total of 119,003 warrants with those shares. Net proceeds after expenses were 3.2 million. Other than an investment in Citizens Bank, the Company currently has no arrangements or understandings regarding any specific use of proceeds. 

 Income Taxes 

 Income taxes are provided for the tax effects of the transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily to differences between the basis of securities available for sale, allowance for loan losses, subsequent loss write-downs on other real estate owned, accumulated depreciation, nonaccrual interest on loans, and accrued employee benefits. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences, which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets or liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are reflected at income tax rates applicable to the period in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance, if needed, reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The Bancorp files consolidated income tax returns with its Subsidiary. 

 Advertising 

 Advertising costs are charged to operations when incurred. 

F-10 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE A SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

 The Company considers cash and amounts due from depository institutions, interest-bearing deposits in other banks, and federal funds sold, all of which have an original maturity of 90 days or less, to be cash and cash equivalents for purposes of the statements of cash flows. The following are supplemental disclosures for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Cash paid during the year for interest 

2,077 

2,144 

Cash paid during the year for income taxes 

Non cash investing and financing activities 

Transfer of loans to real estate owned 

803 

2,128 

Industry Segments 

 While the Bancorp s chief decision makers monitor the revenue streams of various products and services, operations are managed and financial performance is evaluated on a Company-wide basis. Accordingly, all of the financial service operations are considered by management to be aggregated in one reportable segment. 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements In January 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-04, Receivables-Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors (Subtopic 310-40): Reclassification of Residential Real Estate Collateralized Consumer Mortgage Loans Upon Foreclosure . The amendments clarify that an in substance repossession or foreclosure occurs, and a creditor is considered to have received physical possession of residential real estate property collateralizing a consumer mortgage loan, upon either (1) the creditor obtaining legal title to
the residential real estate property upon completion of a foreclosure or (2) the borrower conveying all interest in the residential real estate to the creditor to satisfy that loan through completion of a deed in lieu of foreclosure or through a similar legal agreement. Additionally, the amendments require interim and annual disclosure of both (1) the amount of foreclosed residential real estate property held by the creditor and (2) the recorded investment in consumer mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate that are in the process of foreclosure according to local requirements of the applicable jurisdiction. ASU No. 2014-04 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2014, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Adoption of ASU No. 2014-04 is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-14, Receivables-Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors (Subtopic 310-40): Classification of Certain Government-Guaranteed Mortgage Loans upon Foreclosure (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force). The amendments affect creditors that hold government-guaranteed mortgage loans, including those guaranteed by the Federal Housing Administration and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. The amendments require that a mortgage loan be derecognized, and that a separate other receivable be recognized upon foreclosure if the conditions are met
(1) the loan has a government guarantee that is not separable from the loan before foreclosure, (2) at the time of foreclosure, the creditor has the intent to convey the real estate property to the guarantor and make a claim on the guarantee, and the creditor has the ability to recover under that claim, or (3) at the time of foreclosure, any amount of the claim that is determined on the basis of fair value of the real estate is fixed. The new receivable is to be measured based on the amount of the loan balance (principal and interest) that the creditor expects to recover from the guarantor. ASU No. 2014-14 is effective for annual periods, and for interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2014. Adoption of ASU No. 2014-14 is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

F-11 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE B RESTRICTION ON CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS 

 The Bank is required to maintain certain daily cash and due from bank reserve balances in accordance with regulatory requirements. The balance maintained under such requirements was 889,000 and 778,000 as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 As of December 31, 2014, the Bank was required to maintain a minimum balance of 879,000 with Great Lakes Bankers Bank. 

 NOTE C INVESTMENT SECURITIES 

 The amortized cost of securities and their estimated fair values are as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2014 

December 31, 2013 

Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

U.S. government securities 

5,049 

18 

5,067 

U.S. government federal agencies 

13,905 

31 

(67 

13,869 

13,937 

8 

(233 

13,712 

State and local governments 

1,029 

7 

(1 

1,035 

7,015 

334 

(10 

7,339 

Mortgage backed securities 

11,191 

67 

(65 

11,193 

13,831 

36 

(288 

13,579 

Total 

31,174 

123 

(133 

31,164 

34,783 

378 

(531 

34,630 

The following is a summary of maturities of securities available for sale as of December 31, 2014: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Amounts maturing in: 

One year or less 

450 

457 

After one year through five years 

17,035 

16,999 

After five years through ten years 

3,302 

3,330 

After ten years 

10,387 

10,378 

Total 

31,174 

31,164 

Mortgage-backed securities represent participating interests in pools of long-term first mortgage loans originated and serviced by issuers of the securities. The amortized cost and fair value of mortgage-backed securities are presented in the available for sale category by contractual maturity in the preceding table. 

 Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

 During 2014, the Bank sold the tax exempt municipal securities portfolio. Total proceeds were 4.7 million and the realized gross gain was 0.2 million. In 2013, the Bancorp sold a portion of other securities held for investment realizing total proceeds of 80,000 and realized gains of 31,000. 

 There were no securities transferred between classifications during 2014 and 2013. 

 Investment securities with a carrying amount of approximately 28,793,000 and 31,835,000 were pledged to secure deposits as required or permitted by law at December 31, 2014, and 2013, respectively. 

 The caption Other investment securities in the consolidated balance sheets consists of Federal Home Loan Bank stock. This equity security is carried at cost since it may only be sold back to the Federal Home Loan Bank or another member at par value. 

F-12 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE C INVESTMENT SECURITIES (continued) 

 Information pertaining to securities with gross unrealized losses at December 31, 2014 and 2013 aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Less than 12 months 

12 months or greater 

Total 

Fair Value 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

December 31, 2014 

U.S. government federal agencies 

3,088 

(9 

4,979 

(58 

8,067 

(67 

State and local governments 

578 

(1 

578 

(1 

Mortgage backed securities 

1,985 

(8 

3,684 

(57 

5,669 

(65 

Total 

5,651 

(18 

8,663 

(115 

14,314 

(133 

December 31, 2013 

U.S. government federal agencies 

12,416 

(233 

12,416 

(233 

State and local governments 

570 

(10 

570 

(10 

Mortgage backed securities 

9,791 

(288 

9,791 

(288 

Total 

22,777 

(531 

22,777 

(531 

The investment portfolio contains unrealized losses of direct obligations of U.S. securities, including mortgage-related instruments issued or backed by the full faith and credit of the United States government or are generally viewed as having the implied guarantee of the U.S. government, and debt obligations of a U.S. state or political subdivision. As management has the ability to hold debt securities until maturity, or for the foreseeable future if classified as available for sale, no declines are deemed to be other than temporary. 

 Management evaluates securities for other than temporary impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. Consideration is given to (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and (3) the intent and ability of the Bank to retain its investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any recovery in fair value. 

 NOTE D LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 

 The following tables provide information on the activity in the allowance for loan losses by the respective loan portfolio segment for the periods indicated: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial 

Real Estate 

Consumer 

Total 

December 31, 2014 

Beginning balance January 1, 2014 

3,873 

267 

244 

4,384 

Charge-offs 

(458 

(45 

(185 

(688 

Recoveries 

295 

21 

43 

359 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries 

(163 

(24 

(142 

(329 

Provision 

(219 

(48 

81 

(186 

Ending balance December 31, 2014 

3,491 

195 

183 

3,869 

F-13 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE D LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (continued) 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial 

Real Estate 

Consumer 

Total 

December 31, 2013 

Beginning balance January 1, 2013 

4,846 

203 

155 

5,204 

Charge-offs 

(1,171 

(108 

(395 

(1,674 

Recoveries 

568 

55 

40 

663 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries 

(603 

(53 

(355 

(1,011 

Provision 

(370 

117 

444 

191 

Ending balance December 31, 2013 

3,873 

267 

244 

4,384 

The following tables present the recorded investment with respect to loans and the related allowance by portfolio segment at the dates indicated: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Collectively Evaluated 

Individually Evaluated 

Total 

Allowance for loan losses 

Recorded investment in loans 

Allowance for loan losses 

Recorded investment in loans 

Allowance for loan losses 

Recorded investment in loans 

December 31, 2014 

Commercial 

2,422 

77,651 

1,069 

10,338 

3,491 

87,989 

Real estate 

124 

38,091 

71 

665 

195 

38,756 

Consumer 

169 

19,407 

14 

274 

183 

19,681 

Total 

2,715 

135,149 

1,154 

11,277 

3,869 

146,426 

December 31, 2013 

Commercial 

2,802 

81,716 

1,071 

9,874 

3,873 

91,590 

Real estate 

183 

33,219 

84 

778 

267 

33,997 

Consumer 

189 

21,183 

55 

247 

244 

21,430 

Total 

3,174 

136,118 

1,210 

10,899 

4,384 

147,017 

As part of its monitoring process, the Bank utilizes a risk rating system which quantifies the risk the Bank estimates it has assumed when entering into a loan transaction and during the life of that loan. The system rates the strength of the borrower and the transaction and is designed to provide a program for risk management and early detection of problems. Loans are graded on a scale of 1 through 8, with a grade of 4 or below classified as Pass rated credits. Following is a description of the general characteristics of risk grades 5 through 8: 

 5 Special Mention 

 The weighted overall risk associated with this credit is considered higher than normal (but still acceptable) or the loan possesses deficiencies which corrective action by the Bank would remedy, thereby reducing risk. 

 6 Substandard 

 The weighted overall risk associated with this credit (based on each of the Bank s creditworthiness criteria) is considered undesirable, the credit demonstrates a well-defined weakness or the Bank is inadequately protected and there exists the distinct possibility of sustaining some loss if not corrected. 

 7 Doubtful 

 Weakness makes collection or liquidation in full (based on currently existing facts) improbable. 

 8 Loss 

 This credit is of little value and not warranted as a bankable asset. Accordingly, the Bank does not carry any loans on the books that are graded 8 loss, instead these loans are charged off. 

F-14 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE D LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (continued) 

 The Bank s strategy for credit risk management includes ongoing credit examinations and management reviews of loans exhibiting deterioration of credit quality. Such monitoring is being done on an ongoing basis according to the following timeframe: 250,000 to 1,000,000 exposure, annually; 1,000,000 exposure, semiannually; watch list loans with aggregate exposure > 100,000 are analyzed each quarter. A deteriorating credit indicates an elevated likelihood of delinquency. When a loan becomes delinquent, its credit grade is reviewed and changed accordingly. Each downgrade to a classified credit results in a higher
percentage of reserve to reflect the increased likelihood of loss for similarly graded credits. Further deterioration could result in a certain credit being deemed impaired resulting in a collateral valuation for purposes of establishing a specific reserve which reflects the possible extent of such loss for that credit. 

 The following tables present the risk category of loans by class of loans based on the most recent analysis performed at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013. 

 Commercial Credit Exposure 

 Credit risk profile by credit worthiness category 

Commercial Credit Exposure 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial Mortgage 

Commercial Other 

12/31/14 

12/31/13 

12/31/14 

12/31/13 

Category 

Pass 

61,047 

58,765 

13,014 

11,424 

5 

4,524 

11,468 

344 

2,480 

6 

8,131 

6,657 

230 

722 

7 

699 

74 

Total 

74,401 

76,964 

13,588 

14,626 

Consumer Credit Exposure 

 Credit risk profile by credit worthiness category 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Residential Real Estate 

Consumer Equity 

Consumer Auto 

Consumer Other 

12/31/14 

12/31/13 

12/31/14 

12/31/13 

12/31/14 

12/31/13 

12/31/14 

12/31/13 

Category 

Pass 

37,729 

32,201 

6,945 

7,351 

10,649 

11,908 

1,888 

1,738 

5 

430 

792 

77 

210 

54 

62 

6 

597 

1,004 

15 

105 

53 

53 

7 

3 

Total 

38,756 

33,997 

7,037 

7,666 

10,756 

12,026 

1,888 

1,738 

F-15 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE D LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (continued) 

 Loans evaluated for impairment include loans classified as troubled debt restructurings and non-performing commercial, mortgage, and consumer loans. Impairment is evaluated in total for smaller balance loans of a similar nature, and on an individual loan basis for other loans. The following tables set forth certain information regarding the Bank s impaired loans , segregated by those for which a specific allowance was required and those for which a specific allowance was not necessary as of the periods indicated: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Recorded Investment 

Unpaid Principal Balance 

Related Allowance 

December 31, 2014 

With no related allowance recorded: 

Commercial mortgage 

7,027 

7,368 

Commercial other 

67 

67 

Residential real estate 

223 

278 

Consumer equity 

15 

16 

Consumer auto 

106 

109 

Subtotal 

7,438 

7,838 

With an allowance recorded: 

Commercial mortgage 

3,100 

3,191 

925 

Commercial other 

144 

168 

144 

Residential real estate 

442 

449 

71 

Consumer equity 

153 

153 

14 

Consumer auto 

Subtotal 

3,839 

3,961 

1,154 

Total 

11,277 

11,799 

1,154 

December 31, 2013 

With no related allowance recorded: 

Commercial mortgage 

6,824 

7,048 

Commercial other 

113 

115 

Residential real estate 

558 

615 

Consumer equity 

96 

97 

Consumer auto 

132 

135 

Subtotal 

7,723 

8,010 

With an allowance recorded: 

Commercial mortgage 

2,352 

3,629 

624 

Commercial other 

656 

792 

447 

Residential real estate 

452 

455 

84 

Consumer equity 

165 

166 

53 

Consumer auto 

9 

9 

2 

Subtotal 

3,634 

5,051 

1,210 

Total 

11,357 

13,061 

1,210 

F-16 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE D LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (continued) 

 The following tables present the average recorded investments in impaired loans and the amount of interest income recognized on impaired loans after impairment by portfolio segment and class for the periods indicated. 

(Dollars in thousands) 

No Related Allowance Recorded 

With Related Allowance Recorded 

Total 

Average Recorded Investment 

Total Interest Income Recognized 

Average Recorded Investment 

Total Interest Income Recognized 

Average Recorded Investment 

Total Interest Income Recognized 

December 31, 2014 

Commercial 

Mortgage 

7,529 

115 

2,512 

25 

10,041 

140 

Other 

148 

3 

230 

378 

3 

Residential real estate 

238 

5 

515 

18 

753 

23 

Consumer 

Equity 

63 

156 

10 

219 

10 

Auto 

107 

2 

2 

109 

2 

Other 

TOTAL 

8,085 

125 

3,415 

53 

11,500 

178 

December 31, 2013 

Commercial 

Mortgage 

4,014 

148 

3,118 

7,132 

148 

Other 

2,454 

4 

951 

3,405 

4 

Residential real estate 

699 

3 

286 

18 

985 

21 

Consumer 

Equity 

51 

167 

11 

218 

11 

Auto 

175 

11 

5 

180 

11 

Other 

15 

15 

TOTAL 

7,408 

166 

4,527 

29 

11,935 

195 

The following table summarizes information relative to troubled debt restructured (TDR) loans which were modified during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Number of TDRs 

Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 

Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 

December 31, 2014 

Commercial mortgage 

5 

1,260 

1,260 

Real estate residential 

4 

251 

251 

Consumer 

6 

30 

30 

Total 

15 

1,541 

1,541 

December 31, 2013 

Commercial mortgage 

1 

287 

283 

Real estate residential 

1 

212 

202 

Consumer 

4 

50 

53 

Total 

6 

549 

538 

F-17 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE D LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (continued) 

 A modification of a loan constitutes a TDR when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and the modification constitutes a concession. The Bank offers various types of concessions when modifying a loan. Loan terms that may be modified due to a borrower s financial situation include, but are not limited to, a reduction in the stated interest rate, a reduction in the face amount of the debt, a reduction of the accrued interest, temporary interest-only payments, or re-aging, extensions, deferrals, renewals and rewrites. In mitigation, additional collateral, a co-borrower or a guarantor may be requested. 

 During 2014, loans were modified by a either reduction in interest rates, a change in the contractual maturity date of the note, or a final payment modification. Five loans were modified with reduced interest rates, the contractual maturity date of eight loans was extended, and two loans had a final balloon payment added at maturity. 

 During 2013, two loans were modified with reduced interest rates, the contractual maturity date of three loans was extended, and one loan had both the interest rate reduced and the contractual maturity date extended. 

 Loans modified in a TDR may already be on nonaccrual status and partial charge-offs may have in some cases been taken against the outstanding loan balance. The allowance for impaired loans that has been modified in a TDR is measured based on the estimated fair value of the collateral, less any selling costs, if the loan is collateral dependent or on the present value of expected future cash flows, discounted at the loan s original effective interest rate. Management exercises significant judgment in developing these determinations. 

 There have been two commercial real estate loans to a single borrower totaling 946,000 which were modified as a TDR within the previous twelve months that have subsequently defaulted as of December 31, 2014. At December 31, 2014, 200,000 of the ALLL has been specifically allocated to these loans as a result of the ASC 310 analysis. 

 As of December 31, 2014, there are no commitments to lend additional funds to any borrower whose loan terms have been modified in a troubled debt restructuring. 

 The following table presents the loan portfolio summarized by aging categories, at December 31, 2014 and 2013: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

30 59 Days Past Due 

60 89 Days Past Due 

>90 Days Past Due 

Total Past Due 

Current 

Total Loans 

Recorded Investment >90 Days and Accruing 

December 31, 2014 

Commercial 

Mortgage 

1,345 

238 

4,924 

6,507 

67,894 

74,401 

Other 

17 

144 

20 

181 

13,407 

13,588 

Residential real estate 

470 

186 

27 

683 

38,073 

38,756 

Consumer 

Equity 

7,037 

7,037 

Auto 

20 

6 

19 

45 

10,711 

10,756 

Other 

8 

6 

10 

24 

1,864 

1,888 

Total 

1,860 

580 

5,000 

7,440 

138,986 

146,426 

F-18 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE D LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (continued) 

(Dollars in thousands) 

30 59 Days Past Due 

60 89 Days Past Due 

>90 Days Past Due 

Total Past Due 

Current 

Total Loans 

Recorded Investment >90 Days and Accruing 

December 31, 2013 

Commercial 

Mortgage 

1,923 

203 

3,153 

5,279 

71,685 

76,964 

Other 

140 

74 

174 

388 

14,238 

14,626 

Residential real estate 

639 

156 

259 

1,054 

32,943 

33,997 

Consumer 

Equity 

81 

16 

97 

7,569 

7,666 

Auto 

46 

11 

57 

11,969 

12,026 

Other 

71 

60 

131 

1,607 

1,738 

Total 

2,900 

520 

3,586 

7,006 

140,011 

147,017 

The following summarizes loans on nonaccrual status at December 31, 2014 and 2013. 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2014 

December 31, 2013 

Commercial 

Mortgage 

7,200 

6,443 

Other 

169 

529 

Residential real estate 

307 

680 

Consumer 

Equity 

15 

105 

Auto 

38 

31 

Other 

Total 

7,729 

7,788 

Management has identified lending for non-owner occupied residential real estate as a lending concentration. Total loans for these properties totaled 28.6 million at December 31, 2014 versus 26.5 million at December 31, 2013. At December 31, 2014, non-owner occupied residential real estate represented 19.5 of the loan portfolio, up from 18 of the Bank s loan portfolio at December 31, 2013. Management believes it has the skill and experience to manage any risks associated with this type of lending. Loans in this category are generally paying as agreed without any unusual or unexpected levels of delinquency. The
delinquency rate in this category, which is any loan 30 days or more past due, was 4.8 at December 31, 2014. 

F-19 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE D LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (continued) 

 In the ordinary course of business, the Bancorp and the Bank have and expect to continue to have transactions, including borrowings, with its officers, directors, and their affiliates. In the opinion of management, such transactions were on substantially the same terms and conditions, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time of comparable transactions with other customers and did not involve more than a normal credit risk of collectability or present any other unfavorable features to the Bancorp and the Bank. Loans to such borrowers are summarized as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Balance, January 1, 

16 

1,196 

New loans granted 

131 

342 

Principal payments 

(136 

(886 

Change in director status 

(636 

Balance, December 31, 

11 

16 

NOTE E PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT 

 A summary of premises and equipment at December 31, 2014 and 2013 follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Land 

1,273 

1,273 

Buildings and improvements 

3,450 

3,458 

Furniture, fixtures, and equipment 

2,339 

2,317 

7,062 

7,048 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

(4,012 

(3,765 

Total 

3,050 

3,283 

The Company has entered into various operating lease arrangements. The leases expire at various dates throughout 2015 to 2018 and provide options for renewal. The total rental expense charged to operations for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 amounted to 160,000 and 192,000, respectively. At December 31, 2014, the total future minimum lease commitments under the leases were: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2015 

135 

2016 

123 

2017 

63 

2018 

33 

Total 

354 

NOTE F DEPOSITS 

 Deposit account balances at December 31, 2014 and 2013, are summarized as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Noninterest bearing checking accounts 

23,153 

20,539 

Interest bearing checking accounts 

22,351 

20,561 

Savings accounts 

58,951 

58,330 

Certificates of deposit 

73,512 

86,141 

Total 

177,967 

185,571 

F-20 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE F DEPOSITS (continued) 

 The aggregate amount of jumbo certificates of deposit with a minimum denomination of 100,000 was 36,275,000 and 42,971,000 at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 At December 31, 2014, scheduled maturities of certificates of deposit are as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2015 

39,355 

2016 

15,985 

2017 

8,931 

2018 

3,028 

2019 

6,110 

2020 and after 

103 

73,512 

The Bank held deposits of approximately 528,000 and 751,000 for executive officers and directors at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 NOTE G BORROWED FUNDS 

 Borrowed funds are comprised of the following at December 31: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

8.00 note payable to company, of which a significant owner is a shareholder of Bancorp, in monthly installments of interest only through 12/29/2015, secured by real estate 

5,000 

5,000 

4.25 note payable to bank in monthly installments of 9,925 through 06/25/2019, unsecured 

485 

583 

4.75 note payable to bank in monthly installments of 12,615 through 11/21/2019, unsecured 

662 

780 

Total borrowed funds 

6,147 

6,363 

As of February 9, 2015, the Company had renegotiated a portion of the 5.0 million note payable due December 29, 2015. An interest only note for 1,644,546.60, due August 4, 2021, with a fixed interest rate of 6.00 , and 28,675 shares of the Company s common stock have been exchanged for 2.3 million of the original 5.0 million note. The remaining 2.7 million of the original 5.0 million note will continue unaltered, earning a fixed rate of 8.00 with the remaining principal of 2.7 million due December 29, 2015. 

 Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances are collateralized by all shares of FHLB stock owned by the Bank (totaling 859,000) and by 100 of the Bank s qualifying 1 4 family mortgage loans in the amount of 34.6 million. Based on the collateral capacity as of December 31, 2014, total FHLB advances are limited to approximately 16,033,000. There were no FHLB borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2014 or 2013. 

 In addition, the Company has collateralized federal fund lines of 5.0 million with the FRB and 1.0 million with Great Lakes Bankers Bank. Neither line was drawn upon as of December 31, 2014. The Federal Reserve federal funds line is secured via the pledge of 7.8 million of automobile loans and the Great Lakes Bankers Bank line is secured via the pledge of cash. 

F-21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE G BORROWED FUNDS (continued) 

 At December 31, 2014, scheduled maturities of notes payable were as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2015 

5,222 

2016 

233 

2017 

243 

2018 

255 

2019 

194 

6,147 

NOTE H FEDERAL INCOME TAXES 

 The consolidated provision for income taxes consists of the following for the years ended December 31: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Income tax expense 

Current tax expense (benefit) 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

49 

303 

Change in valuation allowance 

(5,148 

(303 

Total 

(5,099 

The consolidated provision for federal income taxes differs from that computed by applying federal statutory rates to income before federal income tax expense as indicated in the following analysis: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Federal statutory income tax at 34 

333 

206 

Tax exempt income 

(100 

(129 

Other 

(184 

226 

Change in valuation allowance 

(5,148 

(303 

Total 

(5,099 

The deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are comprised of the following at December 31: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Deferred Tax Assets 

Pension accounting 

261 

191 

Allowance for loan losses 

682 

613 

Deferred compensation 

16 

19 

OREO accounting 

1,106 

1,315 

Nonaccrual loan interest 

157 

187 

NOL carryforward 

3,429 

3,339 

Securities available for sale 

4 

52 

Other 

4 

5 

Total deferred tax assets 

5,659 

5,721 

F-22 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE H FEDERAL INCOME TAXES (continued) 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Depreciation 

130 

164 

FHLB stock 

166 

166 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

296 

330 

Net deferred tax asset before valuation allowance 

5,363 

5,391 

Valuation allowance 

(5,148 

Net deferred tax asset 

5,363 

243 

At year-end 2014, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 10,086,000 which will begin to expire in the year 2031. 

 The Bancorp and Bank are subject to U.S. federal income tax. The Bancorp is no longer subject to examination by taxing authorities for years before 2011. 

 Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income prior to their expiration. 

 In the fourth quarter of 2014, the Company again evaluated the need for a deferred tax asset valuation allowance, concluded that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be realized based upon future taxable income, and reversed the entire valuation allowance on deferred tax assets of 5.1 million. 

 The net deferred tax asset of 5.4 million is recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 

 The Company expects to realize 3.4 million of deferred tax assets related to net operating loss carryforwards well in advance of the statutory carryforward period. At December 31, 2014, 2.3 million of existing deferred tax assets were not related to net operating losses and therefore have no expiration date. 

 NOTE I FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF BALANCE SHEET RISK 

 In the normal course of business, the Bank has outstanding commitments, contingent liabilities, and other financial instruments, such as commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit, which are not included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Bank s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instruments for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual or notional amount of those instruments. The Bank uses the same credit policies in making such commitments as it does for instruments that are
included in the consolidated balance sheets. 

 Financial instruments whose contract amount represents credit risk at December 31, 2014 and 2013 were as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Home equity lines 

6,840 

6,469 

Credit card lines 

6,065 

5,747 

Secured by real estate 

1,654 

594 

Other unused commitments 

5,704 

7,742 

Standby letters of credit 

41 

141 

Total 

20,304 

20,693 

These commitments may have either fixed or variable interest rates. 

F-23 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE I FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF BALANCE SHEET RISK (continued) 

 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Bank evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount and type of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Bank upon extension of credit, is based on management s
credit evaluation. Collateral held varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property and equipment, real estate, or income-producing commercial properties. 

 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Standby letters of credit generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Bank s policy for obtaining collateral, and the nature of such collateral, is essentially the same as that involved in making commitments to extend credit. 

 The Bank has not incurred any losses on its commitments in either 2014 or 2013. 

 NOTE J COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 

 The Bancorp and Bank periodically are subject to claims and lawsuits which arise in the ordinary course of business. It is the opinion of management that the disposition or ultimate resolution of such claims and lawsuits will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 

 NOTE K RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES 

 The Bank had due from bank balances in excess of 250,000 with the following banks as of December 31, 2014: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Great Lakes Bankers Bank 

2,915 

Federal Reserve Bank 

2,900 

Total 

5,815 

NOTE L RESTRICTION ON DIVIDENDS 

 The Bank is subject to certain restrictions on the amount of dividends that it may pay without prior regulatory approval. The Bank normally restricts dividends to a lesser amount. At December 31, 2014, no retained earnings were available for the payment of dividends without prior regulatory approval. 

 NOTE M EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 

 The Bank has a qualified noncontributory, defined benefit pension plan which covers certain employees. The benefits are primarily based on years of service and earnings. 

 The following is a summary of the plans funded status as of December 31, 2014 and 2013: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Change in benefit obligation: 

Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year 

1,158 

1,497 

Interest cost 

51 

52 

Actuarial loss (gain) 

274 

(201 

Settlement 

(170 

Benefits paid 

(24 

(20 

Projected benefit obligation at end of year 

1,459 

1,158 

F-24 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE M EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (continued) 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

630 

576 

Actual return on plan assets 

56 

(6 

Employer contributions 

64 

259 

Settlement 

(179 

Benefits paid 

(24 

(20 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

726 

630 

Funded status (included in accrued liabilities) 

(733 

(528 

Unrecognized net actuarial gain (loss) in accumulated other comprehensive income (before taxes) 

(770 

(562 

Amounts recognized in the consolidated statements of income consist of: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Net periodic pension cost: 

Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 

51 

52 

Expected return on plan assets 

(39 

(8 

Settlement loss 

87 

Net amortization of deferral of (gains) losses 

47 

89 

Net periodic pension cost 

59 

220 

Other changes recognized in other comprehensive income include: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Change in unrecognized net actuarial loss 

(208 

354 

Tax effect 

70 

(125 

Total recognized in other comprehensive income 

(138 

229 

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligation at December 31, 2014 and 2013: 

2014 

2013 

Discount rate 

4.50 

4.50 

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013: 

2014 

2013 

Discount rate 

4.50 

3.50 

Expected return on plan assets 

6.00 

1.50 

The actuarial assumptions used in the pension plan valuations are reviewed annually. The Bank s expected return on plan assets is determined by the plan assets historical long-term investment performance, current asset allocation, and estimates of future long-term returns by asset class. 

F-25 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE M EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (continued) 

 The Bank has retained the Park National Bank as third party trustee to manage the assets of The Citizens Bank of Logan pension plan. The Bank s investment policy for Plan assets is to manage the portfolio to preserve principal and liquidity while maximizing the return on the investment portfolio through the full investment of available funds. 

 The portfolio is to be diversified by investing in multiple types of investment-grade securities. Target allocation percentages for each major class of Plan assets are as follows: 

 Equity Securities 85 Fixed Income Securities 15 

 The Bank s pension plan weighted-average asset allocations at December 31, 2014 and 2013 by asset category are as follows: 

2014 

2013 

Asset category: 

Equity securities 

74 

52 

Debt securities 

0 

4 

Cash and cash equivalents 

5 

41 

Other 

21 

3 

Total 

100 

100 

Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. common stock to total plan assets 

5 

5 

The fair values of the Bank s pension plan assets presented by asset class within the fair value hierarchy, as defined in Note P Fair Value of Financial Instruments, at December 31, 2014 and 2013 are as follows: 

 Plan Assets 

Asset Class 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Fair Value Measurements at reporting date using: 

Fair Value 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets/Liabilities (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

December 31, 2014 

Cash equivalents 

32 

32 

Fixed income 

169 

169 

Equity securities 

446 

446 

Other 

47 

47 

694 

662 

32 

CIB common stock 

32 

32 

Total Plan Assets 

726 

662 

64 

December 31, 2013 

Cash equivalents 

242 

242 

Fixed income 

62 

62 

Equity securities 

275 

275 

Other 

19 

19 

598 

356 

242 

CIB common stock 

32 

32 

Total Plan Assets 

630 

356 

274 

F-26 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE M EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (continued) 

 Fair value measurements are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions, and other factors such as credit loss assumptions. Level 1 securities include those traded on an active exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange or traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets. Level 2 securities include securities issued by government sponsored entities, mortgage-backed securities, and municipal bonds. Level 3 securities include those with unobservable
inputs. Transfers between levels can occur due to changes in the observability of significant inputs. 

 The Company anticipates making contributions to the pension plan totaling 155,000 during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2015. These contributions will be required to meet ERISA s minimum funding standards and the estimated quarterly contribution requirements during this period. The amount of the unrecognized net actuarial loss included in accumulated other comprehensive income expected to be recognized in net periodic pension cost during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 is 68,475. Participants are 100 vested. 

 The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2015 

87 

2016 

70 

2017 

113 

2018 

129 

2019 

51 

2020 2024 

371 

Total 

821 

The Company offers a 401(k) profit sharing plan covering substantially all employees. The Company partially matches voluntary employee contributions of up to 4 of individual compensation. The matching percentage was 50 in 2014 and 2013. Employee contributions are vested at all times. The Company s matching contributions become fully vested after an individual has completed seven years of service. Expense associated with the plan included in salaries and employee benefits was approximately 27,000 in 2014 and 32,000 in 2013. 

 NOTE N REGULATORY MATTERS 

 The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by its primary federal regulator, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and possible additional discretionary, actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Bank and the Company s consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Bank s assets,
liabilities, and certain off balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Bank s capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. Prompt corrective action provisions are not applicable to bank holding companies. 

 Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of total risk-based capital and Tier I capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and Tier I capital (as defined) to average assets (as defined). 

 As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, the FDIC found that the Bank was categorized as undercapitalized per the Consent Orders. Under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Bank s capital status may preclude the Bank from access to borrowings from the Federal Reserve System through the discount window. The Bank is also restricted from the use of brokered deposits. Also, as required by the framework, the Bank has a capital plan filed with the FDIC. The plan outlines the Bank s steps for attaining the required 

F-27 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE N REGULATORY MATTERS (continued) 

 levels of regulatory capital. There are no conditions or events since that notification which management believes have changed the Bank s category. 

 In 2013, the federal banking agencies issued revisions to the existing capital rules to incorporate certain changes to the Basel capital framework, including Basel III and other elements. The intent is to strengthen the definition of regulatory capital, increase risk-based capital requirements, and make selected changes to the calculation of risk-weighted assets. As part of the new rules, which begin to be effective in 2015, there are several provisions affecting the Bank, such as the implementation of a new common tier ratio, the start of a capital conservation buffer, and increased prompt corrective action capital adequacy
thresholds. 

 The FRB has established minimum leverage ratio guidelines for bank holding companies. The FRB guidelines provide for a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to average assets (excluding the allowance for loan losses, goodwill and certain other intangibles), or leverage ratio, of 3 for bank holding companies that meet certain criteria, including having the highest regulatory rating, and 4 for all other bank holding companies. The guidelines further provide that bank holding companies making acquisitions will be expected to maintain strong capital positions substantially above the minimum levels. The OCC and the FDIC have
each also adopted minimum leverage ratio guidelines for national banks and for state non-member banks, respectively. 

 Both the Company s and the Bank s actual and required capital amounts and ratios are as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Actual 

For Capital Adequacy Purposes 

Minimum To Be Well Capitalized Under Current Regulatory Provisions 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

As of December 31, 2014: 

Total capital to risk weighted assets 

Consolidated 

11,779 

8.8 

10,663 

8.0 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank 

17,560 

13.4 

10,491 

8.0 

13,114 

10.0 

Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets 

Consolidated 

10,113 

7.6 

5,332 

4.0 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank 

15,893 

12.1 

5,245 

4.0 

7,868 

6.0 

Tier 1 capital to average assets 

Consolidated 

10,113 

5.0 

8,111 

4.0 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank 

15,893 

8.1 

7,839 

4.0 

9,798 

5.0 

As of December 31, 2013: 

Total capital to risk weighted assets 

Consolidated 

7,761 

5.8 

10,644 

8.0 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank 

13,679 

10.3 

10,620 

8.0 

13,275 

10.0 

Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets 

Consolidated 

6,097 

4.6 

5,322 

4.0 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank 

12,019 

9.1 

5,310 

4.0 

7,965 

6.0 

Tier 1 capital to average assets 

Consolidated 

6,097 

2.8 

8,593 

4.0 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank 

12,019 

5.7 

8,421 

4.0 

10,564 

5.0 

F-28 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE O FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

 Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Accounting guidance also establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3
measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under this guidance are described below. 

 Level 1 Valuation is based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Bank has the ability to access at the measurement date. Level 1 assets and liabilities generally include debt and equity securities that are traded in an active exchange market. Valuations are obtained from readily available pricing sources for market transactions involving identical assets and liabilities. 

 Level 2 Valuation is based on inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. The valuation may be based on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 

 Level 3 Valuation is based on unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. 

 A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

 Accordingly, investment securities available for sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, the Bank may be required to record other assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, such as impaired loans and other real estate owned. These nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve application of lower of cost or market accounting or writedowns of individual assets. 

 The following describes the valuation techniques used to measure certain financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis in the financial statements. 

 Investment securities available for sale Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions, and other factors such as credit loss assumptions. Level 1 securities include those traded on an active exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange or traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets. Level 2 securities include
securities issued by government sponsored entities, mortgage-backed securities, and municipal bonds. Level 3 securities include those with unobservable inputs. Transfers between levels can occur due to changes in the observability of significant inputs. 

F-29 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE O FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued) 

 The following are assets and liabilities that were accounted for or disclosed at fair value on a recurring basis: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using: 

Fair Value 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets/Liabilities (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

December 31, 2014 

Assets: 

Securities available for sale 

U.S. government securities 

5,067 

5,067 

U.S. government federal agencies 

13,869 

13,869 

State and local governments 

1,035 

1,035 

Mortgage backed securities 

11,193 

11,193 

Total securities available for sale 

31,164 

5,067 

26,097 

December 31, 2013 

Assets: 

Securities available for sale 

U.S. government securities 

U.S. government federal agencies 

13,712 

13,712 

State and local governments 

7,339 

7,339 

Mortgage backed securities 

13,579 

13,579 

Total securities available for sale 

34,630 

34,630 

The following describes the valuation techniques used to measure certain financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in the financial statements. 

 Impaired loans The Bank does not record loans at fair value on a recurring basis. However, from time to time, a loan is considered impaired and an allowance for loan losses may need to be established. Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not be made in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement are considered impaired. Once a loan is identified as individually impaired, management measures impairment. As of December 31, 2014, the fair value of substantially all of the impaired loans was estimated based on the fair value of the collateral. The
calculated difference between the fair value of collateral and the outstanding loan balance on average approximately 9 for commercial mortgage, 68 for commercial other, 11 for residential real estate, and 8 for consumer equity. When the fair value of the collateral is based on an observable market price or a current appraised value, the Bank records the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 2. When an appraised value is not available or management determines the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value and there is no observable market price, the Bank records the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 3. Those impaired loans not requiring an allowance represent loans for which the fair value of the expected repayments or collateral exceed the recorded investments in such loans. 

 Other real estate owned (OREO) OREO consists of real estate acquired in foreclosure or other settlement of loans. Such assets are carried on the consolidated balance sheet at the lower of the investment in the real estate or its fair value less estimated selling costs. The fair value of OREO is determined on a nonrecurring basis generally utilizing current appraisals performed by an independent, licensed appraiser applying an income or market value approach using observable market data (level 2). However, if a current appraisal is not available, the original appraised value is discounted, as appropriate,
to compensate for the estimated depreciation in the value of the real estate since the date of its original appraisal. Such discounts are generally estimated based upon management s knowledge of sales of similar property within the applicable market area 

F-30 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE O FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued) 

 and its knowledge of other real estate market-related data as well as general economic trends (Level 3). Upon foreclosure, any fair value adjustment is charged against the allowance for loan losses. Subsequent fair value adjustments are recorded in the period incurred and included in other noninterest expense in the consolidated statements of income. 

 The following are assets and liabilities that were accounted for or disclosed at fair value on a nonrecurring basis: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using: 

Fair Value 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets/Liabilities (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

December 31, 2014 

Assets: 

Impaired loans 

Commercial mortgage 

9,202 

9,202 

Commercial other 

67 

67 

Residential real estate 

594 

594 

Consumer equity 

154 

154 

Consumer auto 

106 

106 

Total impaired loans 

10,123 

10,123 

Other real estate owned 

Residential 

200 

200 

Commercial 

868 

868 

Total other real estate owned 

1,068 

1,068 

December 31, 2013 

Assets: 

Impaired loans 

Commercial mortgage 

8,552 

8,552 

Commercial other 

322 

322 

Residential real estate 

926 

926 

Consumer equity 

208 

208 

Consumer auto 

139 

139 

Total impaired loans 

10,147 

10,147 

Other real estate owned 

Residential 

670 

670 

Commercial 

1,862 

1,862 

Total other real estate owned 

2,532 

2,532 

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value disclosures for other financial instruments as of December 31, 2014 and 2013: 

 Cash and cash equivalents The fair value of cash and cash equivalents is estimated to approximate the carrying amounts. 

 Other investment securities Other investment securities consist of restricted equity securities in the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) and are carried at cost. Because there is no market, the carrying values of restricted equity securities approximate fair values based on the redemption provisions of the FHLB. 

F-31 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE O FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued) 

 Loans The fair value of loans is calculated by discounting estimated cash flows using current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. The estimated cash flows do not anticipate prepayments. 

 Management has made estimates of fair value discount rates that it believes to be reasonable. However, because there is no market for many of these financial instruments, management has no basis to determine whether the fair value presented for loans would be indicative of the value negotiated in an actual sale. Impaired loans are estimated to average 10 less than recorded investment. 

 Accrued interest receivable and payable The carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate fair value. 

 Deposits The fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such as noninterest bearing and interest bearing demand deposits, regular savings, and certain types of money market accounts, is equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (that is, their carrying amounts). The fair value of certificates of deposit is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rate is estimated using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. 

 Borrowed funds the carrying amounts of borrowed funds which mature within 90 days approximate their fair values. The fair values of other borrowed funds are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis that applies interest rates currently offered on similar instruments. 

 Off-balance-sheet instruments The fair values of commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit are estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of agreements and the present credit standing of the counterparties. The amounts of fees currently charged on commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit are deemed insignificant, and therefore, the estimated fair values and carrying values are not shown. 

 The estimated fair value of the financial instruments is as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using: 

Carrying Amount 

Fair Value 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets/Liabilities (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

December 31, 2014 

Financial assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

16,633 

16,633 

16,633 

Securities available-for-sale 

31,164 

31,164 

5,067 

26,097 

Other investment securities 

859 

859 

859 

Net loans 

142,557 

145,895 

145,895 

Accrued interest receivable 

348 

348 

348 

Financial liabilities 

Noninterest bearing deposits 

23,153 

23,153 

23,153 

Interest-bearing deposits 

154,814 

155,735 

155,735 

Borrowed funds 

6,147 

6,147 

6,147 

Accrued interest payable 

1,492 

1,492 

1,492 

December 31, 2013 

Financial assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

15,004 

15,004 

15,004 

Securities available-for-sale 

34,630 

34,630 

34,630 

Other investment securities 

859 

859 

859 

F-32 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE O FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued) 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using: 

Carrying Amount 

Fair Value 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets/Liabilities (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Net loans 

142,633 

147,703 

147,703 

Accrued interest receivable 

446 

446 

446 

Financial liabilities 

Noninterest bearing deposits 

20,539 

20,539 

20,539 

Interest-bearing deposits 

165,032 

165,502 

165,502 

Borrowed funds 

6,363 

6,363 

6,363 

Accrued interest payable 

1,935 

1,935 

1,935 

NOTE P PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The following are condensed parent company only financial statements for Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. 

 CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2014 and 2013 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

921 

51 

Investment in subsidiary 

17,967 

11,548 

Other assets 

2,098 

448 

Total assets 

20,986 

12,047 

Total liabilities 

6,149 

6,421 

Total shareholders equity 

14,837 

5,626 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

20,986 

12,047 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Income 

Dividends from subsidiary 

Other 

(333 

3 

(333 

3 

Expenses 

Other 

(683 

(650 

Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary 

(1,016 

(647 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(2,098 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary 

4,996 

1,254 

Net income 

6,078 

607 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

(44 

(444 

Comprehensive income 

6,034 

163 

F-33 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE P PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS Years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2014 

2013 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

6,078 

607 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operations 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary 

(4,996 

(1,254 

Deferred income tax 

(2,098 

Change in other assets and other liabilities 

29 

(318 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(987 

(965 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned 

362 

998 

Capital contribution to subsidiary 

(1,467 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

(1,105 

998 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Payments on loan payable 

(215 

(203 

Purchase of treasury stock 

(61 

Issuance of common stock 

3,177 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

2,962 

(264 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

870 

(231 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

51 

282 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

921 

51 

NOTE Q STOCK SUBSCRIPTION 

 During 2012, the Bancorp accepted a stock subscription for shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2012. The amount received in cash was 500,000. In July, 2013, 28,968 shares of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. common stock were issued in satisfaction of this subscription. 

 As of March 25, 2014, the Company had received subscriptions for the purchase of 211,365 common shares for an aggregate subscription price of 3,252,907 (inclusive of common shares sold in the rights offering and the public offering). As a result, the Minimum Subscription Condition was satisfied at that time, and the Company accepted such subscriptions and issued the common shares to the subscribers. 

 As of March 13, 2015 the Company has sold and issued a total of 238,057 shares of common stock with 119,003 accompanying warrants. To date, 11,367 warrants have been exercised and an additional 11,367 shares of common stock have been issued. 

F-34 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None 

 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 Citizens Independent Bancshares, Inc. carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2014, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2014, in timely alerting them to material information required to be in the
Company s (including its consolidated subsidiary) periodic SEC filings. 

 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including principal executive and principal financial officers, an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting was conducted based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, as required by paragraph (c) of 240.13a-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on the evaluation under Internal
Control Integrated Framework (2013) , management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2014. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this filing. There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2014 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

 ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 

 Not applicable. 

42 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PART III 

 ITEM 10 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 Directors and Executive Officers. The information required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K concerning the directors of the Company and the nominees for election as directors of the Company at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 23, 2015 (the 2015 Annual Meeting is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure included under the caption Proposal One - Election of Directors in the 2015 Proxy Statement. The information required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K concerning the executive officers of the Company is incorporated herein by reference from the
disclosure included under the caption Executive Officers in the 2015 Proxy Statement. 

 Nominating Procedures for Directors. The information required by Item 407(c)(3) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure included under the caption Corporate Governance Compensation, Personnel/Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee in the 2015 Proxy Statement. 

 Audit Committee. The information required by Items 407(d)(4) and 407(d)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure included under the caption Committees of the Board of Directors Audit Committee in the 2015 Proxy Statement. 

 Code of Ethics. The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics (the Code of Ethics that applies to all directors, officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiary. The Code of Ethics is included in Exhibit 14 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure included under the captions Proposal One Election of Directors , Corporate Governance and Executive Officers in the 2015 Proxy Statement. 

 ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

 Beneficial Ownership Information. The information required by Item 403 of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure included under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the 2015 Proxy Statement. 

 ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 Related Party Transactions. The information required by Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure included under the caption Corporate Governance Related Party Transactions in the 2015 Proxy Statement. 

 Director Independence. The information required by Item 407(a) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure included under the caption Corporate Governance The Board of Directors Independence in the 2015 Proxy Statement. 

 ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure included under the captions Proposal Two Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Corporate Governance Audit Committee in the 2015 Proxy Statement. 

43 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PART IV 

 ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

 (a)(1) The following financial statements appear in Part II of this Annual Report: 

 (a) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm; 

 (b) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013; 

 (c) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013; 

 (d) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013; 

 (e) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013; 

 (f) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013; and 

 (g) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements; 

 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

 Financial statement schedules have been omitted either because they are not applicable or because the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements or in the notes thereto. 

44 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 (a)(3) Exhibits 

 The following exhibits are filed with or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc., as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.1 to the Company s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 22, 2013 (File No. 333-191004)) 

3.2 

Code of Regulations of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2013 (File No. 333-191004)) 

4.1 

Specimen Common Share Certificate of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2013 (File No. 333-191004)) 

4.2 

Form of Warrant Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.2 to the Company s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 22, 2013 (File No. 333-191004)) 

4.3 

Form of Rights Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to the Company s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 22, 2013 (File No. 333-191004)) 

10.1 

2012 Consent Order (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2013 (File No. 333-191004)) 

10.2 

Consulting Agreement with Donald P. Wood. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2013 (File No. 333-191004)) 

10.3 

Management Employment Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2013 (File No. 333-191004)) 

14 

Citizen s Independent Bancorp, Inc. Code of Ethics (filed herewith) 

16 

Letter from Dixon, Davis, Bagent Co. to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated November 27, 2013 regarding change in Company s Certifying Accountant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 16.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 2, 2013 (File No. 333-191004)) 

21 

Subsidiary of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. (filed herewith) 

23 

Consent of Suttle Stalnaker (filed herewith) 

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification Principal Executive Officer (filed herewith) 

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(A)/15d-14(a) Certification Principal Financial Officer (filed herewith) 

32 

Section 1350 Certification Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer (filed herewith) 

101 

The following financial information from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

45 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Logan, State of Ohio, on March 17, 2015. 

 Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. 

By: 

 /s/ Daniel C. Fischer Daniel C. Fischer, President and CEO 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: /s/ Donald P. Wood Donald P. Wood, Chairman of the Board 

 By: /s/ William J. Mauck William J. Mauck, Director 

Date: March 17, 2015 

 Date: March 17, 2015 

By: /s/ Robert Lilley Robert Lilley, Director 

 By: /s/ Daniel Stohs Daniel Stohs, Director 

Date: March 17, 2015 

 Date: March 17, 2015 

By: /s/ Michael Shawd Michael Shawd, Director 

 By: /s/ Corby Leach Corby Leach, Director 

Date: March 17, 2015 

 Date: March 17, 2015 

By: /s/ BJ King BJ King, Director 

 By: /s/ Jerry Johnson Jerry Johnson, Director 

Date: March 17, 2015 

 Date: March 17, 2015 

By: /s/ Robert Wolfinger Robert Wolfinger, Director 

 By: /s/ James V. Livesay James V. Livesay, Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 17, 2015 

 Date: March 17, 2015 

46 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

Location 

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc., as amended 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.1 to the Company s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 22, 2013 (File No. 333-191004) 

3.2 

Code of Regulations of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2013 (File No. 333-191004) 

4.1 

Specimen Common Share Certificate of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2013 (File No. 333-191004) 

4.2 

Form of Warrant Certificate 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.2 to the Company s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 22, 2013 (File No. 333-191004) 

4.3 

Form of Rights Certificate 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4.3 to the Company s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 22, 2013 (File No. 333-191004) 

10.1 

2012 Consent Order 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2013 (File No. 333-191004) 

10.2 

Consulting Agreement with Donald P. Wood. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2013 (File No. 333-191004) 

10.3 

Management Employment Agreement 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2013 (File No. 333-191004) 

14 

Citizen s Independent Bancorp, Inc. Code of Ethics 

File herewith 

16 

Letter from Dixon, Davis, Bagent Company to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated November 27, 2013 regarding change in Company s Certifying Accountant. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 16.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 2, 2013 (File No. 333-191004) 

21 

Subsidiary of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. 

File herewith 

23 

Consent of Suttle Stalnaker 

File herewith 

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification Principal Executive Officer 

File herewith 

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(A)/15d-14(a) Certification Principal Financial Officer 

File herewith 

47 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

Location 

32 

Section 1350 Certification Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

File herewith 

101 

The following financial information from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

File herewith 

48 

<EX-14>
 2
 v401041_exh14.htm
 EXHIBIT 14

Exhibit 14 

CITIZENS INDEPENDENT BANCORP.
INC. 

 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND
ETHICS 

Approved by the Board of Directors: September 23,
2014 

CITIZENS INDEPENDENT BANCORP.
INC. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 

Scope 

 This code of Business Conduct
and Ethics applies to all Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. directors, officers, and employees as well as to all of the directors
officers and employees of each subsidiary of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. Such directors, officers and employees are referred
to herein collectively as the Covered Parties . Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries are referred
to herein as Citizens Bank . 

Purpose 

 Citizens Bank is proud of the
values with which it conducts business and serves its community. It strives to uphold the highest levels of business ethics and
personal integrity in all types of transactions. To this end, this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics serves to (1) emphasize
Citizens Bank s commitment to Ethics and compliance with the law; (2) set forth basic standards of ethical and legal behavior;
(3) provide reporting mechanisms for known or suspected ethical or legal violations; and (4) help prevent and detect wrongdoing. 

Given the variety and complexity
of ethical questions that may arise in Citizens Bank s course of business, this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics serves
only as a rough guide. Confronted with ethically ambiguous situations, the Covered Parties should remember the Citizens Bank s
commitment to the highest ethical standards and seek advice from supervisors, officers or other appropriate personnel to ensure
that all actions they take on behalf of Citizens Bank honor this commitment. When in doubt each Covered Person should remember
the following rule of thumb: 

Each employee should think
whether they are willing to have any contemplated act appear the next day on the front page of the local paper to be read
by their spouses, children and friends with the reporting done by an informed, critical reporter. 

Ethical Standards 

Conflicts of Interest. 

 A conflict of interest exists
when a person s private interest interferes in any way with the interests of Citizens Bank. A conflict can arise when a Covered
Party takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work for Citizens Bank objectively and effectively.
Conflicts of interest may also arise when a Covered Party, or members of his or her family, receive improper personal benefits
as a result of his or her position at Citizens Bank. Loans to Covered Parties may and their family members may create conflicts
of interest. It is almost always a conflict of interest for a Covered Party to work simultaneously for a competitor, customer or
supplier. 

Conflicts of interest may not
always be clear-cut, so if you have a question, you should consult with your supervisor, or if the circumstances warrant, the President
and CEO of Citizens Bank. Any Covered Party who becomes aware of a conflict or potential conflict should bring it to the attention
of a supervisor or other appropriate personnel. 

All directors and executive officers
of Citizens Bank shall disclose any material transaction or relationship that reasonably could be expected to give rise to such
a conflict to the Chair of the Audit Committee. No action may be taken on such a transaction unless it has been previously approved
by the Audit Committee. 

Corporate Opportunities. 

 Covered Parties are prohibited
from taking for themselves opportunities that are discovered through the use of corporate property, information or position without
the consent of the Board of Directors. No Covered Party may use corporate property, information or position for improper personal
gain, and no employee may compete with the Company directly or indirectly. Covered Parties owe a duty to the Company to advance
its legitimate interests whenever possible. 

Fair Dealing. 

 Covered Parties shall behave
honestly and ethically at all times and with all people. They shall act in good faith and shall engage only in fair competition,
by treating ethically competitors, suppliers, customers and colleagues. Stealing proprietary information, possessing trade secret
information that was obtained without the owner s consent, or inducing such disclosures by past or present employees of other
companies is prohibited. No Covered Party should take unfair advantage of anyone through abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation
of material facts, or any other similar unfair practice. 

The purpose of business entertainment
and gifts in a commercial setting is to create good will and sound working relationships, not unfair advantage. No gift or entertainment
should ever be accepted by a Covered Party or any family member of a Covered Party unless it (1) is consistent with customary business
practices, (2) is not excessive in value 

(3) cannot be construed as a
bribe or pay off and (4) does not violate any laws or regulations. The offer or acceptance of cash gifts by any Covered Party is
prohibited. Covered Parties should discuss with their supervisors or other appropriate personnel any gifts or proposed gifts that
they think may be inappropriate. 

Insider Trading. 

 The policy of Citizens Bank
on insider trading is dealt with in detail in its insider trading policy. It should be remembered that Covered Parties who have
access to confidential information are not permitted to use or share that information for any purpose except that of Citizens Bank.
All non-public information about Citizens Bank should be considered confidential. Material, non-public information about Citizens
Bank should not be communicated or tipped to others. 

Confidentiality. 

 Covered Parties must maintain
the confidentiality of confidential information entrusted to them, except when disclosure is authorized by law or the appropriate
bank officer. Confidential information includes all non-public information that might be used by competitors or harmful to Citizens
Bank or its customers. It also includes information that customers have entrusted to Citizens Bank. The obligation to preserve
confidential information continues even after employment ends. 

Use of Company Assets. 

 All Covered Parties are charged
with protecting and efficiently using Citizens Bank s assets. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direct impact on Citizens
Bank s profitability. Any suspicion of theft or fraud should be reported to the Security Officer immediately. 

The obligation to protect the
assets includes proprietary information. Proprietary information includes, but is not limited to, trade secrets, trademarks, business
plans, designs, databases, records, salary information, and any unpublished financial data and reports. Unauthorized use of this
information violates policy. It could also be illegal and result in penalties. 

Covered Parties 
may bid on Repossessed Collateral and/or Real Estate Owned Properties but only with the prior approval of the Bank s
Chief Internal Auditor. If approval is granted the Covered Party may proceed with the bidding process for
the Repossessed Collateral and/or Real Estate Owned. If Covered Party is the highest bidder and the
bid is accepted, said transaction must be reported at the next scheduled Audit Committee or Board meeting. 

Compliance with Laws. 

 Obeying the law in letter and
spirit is fundamental. In conducting business Citizens Bank and all Covered Parties shall comply with all applicable governmental
laws, rules and regulations at all governmental levels. Though Covered Parties are not expected to know the details of these laws,
they are expected to know enough to be able to determine when to seek advice from supervisors or other appropriate personnel. 

Covered Parties should not
solicit for themselves or for a third party (other than the bank itself) anything of value from anyone in return for any
business, service or confidential information of the bank and should not accept anything of value (other than bona fide 
 salary, wages and fees referred to in 18 U.S.C. 215(c)) from anyone in connection with the business of the bank, either
before or after a transaction is discussed or consummated . 

Exceptions can be made to
accepting gifts for de minimis transactions such as reasonably priced business meals where bona fide business transactions
are discussed, or accepting promotional items are given such as reasonably priced pens, pencils and notepads . 

Public Disclosures . 

 In reports and documents filed
with the FDIC or Ohio Department of Financial Institutions and other regulators and in public communications made by the Company,
the Covered Parties involved in the preparation of such documents shall make disclosures that are full, fair, accurate, timely,
and understandable. Covered Parties shall not knowingly conceal or falsify information, misrepresent material facts or omit material
facts necessary to avoid misleading the Company s independent public auditors or investors. 

Accounting Deficiencies. 

 The CEO and each employee shall
promptly bring to the attention of the Audit Committee any information he or she may have concerning (a) significant deficiencies
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which could adversely affect the Citizens Bank s
ability to record or report financial data or (b) any fraud whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
that have a significant role in financial reporting. 

Waivers 

 Any waiver of this code for
executive officers or directors may be made only by the Board of Directors or the Audit Committee. 

Violations 

1. Reporting Violations. 

 The directors and senior officers
shall promptly report any known or suspected violations of this code to the Audit Committee. All other Covered Parties shall talk
to supervisors or other appropriate personnel about known or suspected unethical or illegal behavior. No retaliatory action of
any kind will be permitted against anyone making such a report in good faith, and the Audit Committee will strictly enforce this
provision. 

2. Accountability. 

 If the Audit Committee or its
designee determines this Code has been violated the offending Covered Party may be disciplined for non-compliance with penalties
up to and including dismissal or removal. Violations of this Code may also constitute violations of law. All Covered Parties are
expected to fully cooperate in internal investigations of misconduct. 

Procedures 

 We must all work together to
ensure compliance with this code. Because we cannot anticipate every situation, it is important to consistently approach each question
or problem. These are the steps to keep in mind: 

Make sure you have all the facts 

Ask yourself: What specifically am I being asked to do? Does it seem
unethical or improper? 

Clarify your responsibility. It may help to get others involved
and discuss the problem. 

Discuss the problem with your supervisor. 

In the rare case where you feel uncomfortable
discussing the issue with your supervisor, or where you believe the supervisor has given an inappropriate answer, then you should
discuss it with the President CEO, HR Director, or other Senior Officer. 

You may report ethical violations without fear of retaliation. 

If you are unsure of any situation, then seek guidance before you act. 

</EX-14>

<EX-21>
 3
 v401041_exh21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF CITIZENS INDEPENDENT BANCORP, INC. 

Name 

State of Incorporation 

The Citizens Bank of Logan, Ohio 

Ohio 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 v401041_exh23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 23 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (No.333-191004) on Form S-1 of our report dated March 17, 2015, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc., which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2014. 

 /s/ Suttle Stalnaker, PLLC 

 Parkersburg, West Virginia March 17, 2015 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 v401041_exh31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

 Certifications 

 I, Daniel C. Fischer, certify that: 

1. 

 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-K of Citizens Independent Bancorp Inc.; 

2. 

 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 17, 2015 

 /s/ Daniel C. Fischer Daniel C. Fischer Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 v401041_exh31x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

 Certifications 

 I, James V. Livesay, certify that: 

1. 

 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-K of Citizens Independent Bancorp Inc.; 

2. 

 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 17, 2015 

 /s/ James V. Livesay James V. Livesay Title: SVP and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 v401041_exh32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ENACTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with the Annual Report of Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Daniel C. Fischer, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and James V. Livesay, SVP and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as enacted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its subsidiary. 

/s/ Daniel C. Fischer Daniel C. Fischer President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ James V. Livesay James V. Livesay SVP and Chief Financial Officer 

March 17, 2015 

March 17, 2015 

These certifications are being furnished as required by Rule 13a 14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. These certifications shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates these certifications by reference. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 ck0001553830-20141231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ck0001553830-20141231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ck0001553830-20141231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ck0001553830-20141231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ck0001553830-20141231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ck0001553830-20141231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

