<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20151214_10-K_edgar_data_1021917_0001065949-15-000294.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3186452</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>118530</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>153157</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1366629</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1000441</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>457428</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001065949-15-000294.hdr.sgml : 20151214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20151214130500
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001065949-15-000294
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20150630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20151214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20151214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JV GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001021917
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATORS OF NONRESIDENTIAL BUILDINGS [6512]
		IRS NUMBER:				521945748
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21477
		FILM NUMBER:		151285296

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7609 RALSTON ROAD
		CITY:			ARVADA
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-422-8127

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7609 RALSTON ROAD
		CITY:			ARVADA
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ASPI, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091015

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ASPEON INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000214

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JAVELIN SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960829

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001065949-15-000294.txt : 20151214

10-K
 1
 jvgroup10kjune2015.htm

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

_____________ 

FORM 10-K 

[X] ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL
YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2015 

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

COMMISSION FILE NO.
000-21477 

JV GROUP, INC. 

(EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT
SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER) 

DELAWARE 

27-0514566 

(STATE OR
 OTHER JURISDICTION 

(I.R.S.
 EMPLOYER 

OF
 INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION) 

IDENTIFICATION
 NUMBER) 

7609 RALSTON
 ROAD 

ARVADA,
 COLORADO 

80002 

(ADDRESS OF
 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES) 

(ZIP CODE) 

(303) 422-8127 

(REGISTRANT'S
TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: NONE

Securities
to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: COMMON STOCK, 0.01 PAR VALUE 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

[_] 

No 

[x] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. 

Yes 

[x] 

No 

[_] 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes 

[_] 

No 

[x] 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part
III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
10-K. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check One). 

Large accelerated filer 

[___] 

Accelerated filer 

[___] 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 (Do not check if a smaller
 reporting company) 

[___] 

Smaller reporting company 

[_X_] 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes 

[x] 

No 

[_] 

The
aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the
Registrant on November 3, 2015 was approximately 40,741 based upon the
reported closing sale price of such shares on the Over the Counter Bulletin
Board for that date. 

As
of November 3, 2015, there were 98,879,655 shares
outstanding of which 582,013 shares
were held by non-affiliates. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ITEM 

DESCRIPTION 

PAGE 

Part I 

Item 1. 

Business 

3 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

9 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

14 

Item 2. 

Description of Properties 

14 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

14 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

15 

Part II 

Item 5. 

Market
 for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer
 Purchases of Equity Securities 

15 

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 

16 

Item 7. 

Management's Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

16 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures About Market Risk 

18 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data 

18 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with
 Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

34 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

34 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

35 

Part III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and
 Corporate Governance 

36 

Item11. 

Executive Compensation 

38 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain
 Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

39 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related
 Transactions and Director Independence 

40 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

41 

Part IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement
 Schedules 

42 

Signatures 

43 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

In
addition to historical information, some of the information presented in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the Reform
Act ). Although JV Group, Inc. JV Group or the Company , which may also be
referred to as we , us or our believes that its expectations are based on
reasonable assumptions within the bounds of its knowledge of its business and
operations: there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ
materially from our expectations. Such forward-looking statements are subject
to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated. Cautionary statements regarding the risks,
uncertainties and other factors associated with these forward-looking
statements are discussed under Risk Factors in this Form 10-K. You
are urged to carefully consider these factors, as well as other information
contained in this Form 10-K and in our other periodic reports and documents
filed with the SEC . 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Company
History and Overview 

ASPI,
Inc. APSI was formed in Delaware in September 29, 2008. On April 25, 2012,
ASPI
amended its Articles of Incorporation with the State of Delaware to change its
name from ASPI, Inc. to JV Group, Inc. JV Group and to increase
its authorized capital from One Hundred Million (100,000,000) common shares to
One Billion (1,000,000,000) common shares. 

We
have two wholly-owned subsidiaries, Mega Action Limited Mega ), a British
Virgin Island Corporation, and Prestige Prime Office, Limited Prestige ), a Hong
Kong Special Administrative Region Corporation (JV Group and its subsidiaries are collectively
referred to as the Company , we , our , or us .) 

In 2014-2015, JV Group operated primarily as an office service provider, in
Hong Kong, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Prestige. Prestige provides
office space that is fully furnished, equipped and staffed, located at premier
addresses in central business districts with convenient access to airports and
public transportation. Services include advanced communications system, network
access, updated IT and administrative support, as well as a full menu of
business services and facilities, such as meeting rooms and video conferencing. 

Prestige Prime Office,
Ltd. Acquisition 

 In June 30, 2010, ASPI acquired
Prestige Prime Office, Ltd. Under the Acquisition Agreement for Prestige Prime
Office, Ltd., ASPI acquired all of the issued and outstanding common stock of
Prestige Prime Office, LTD. Prestige ), a Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region Corporation. As a result of the acquisition, Prestige
became a wholly-owned subsidiary of ASPI. This was accounted for as a reverse
merger at the time. 

 Prestige had one sole
shareholder, Mr. Yeung Cheuk Hung. As a result of the acquisition, Mr.
Yeung became the majority shareholder of the Company holding approximately
81.21 of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company at the time of
the acquisition. 

 -3- 

Mega Action Limited 

In fiscal year 2010, we
incorporated a new subsidiary, Mega Action Limited, a BVI corporation (the
 Subsidiary ). Two of the Company's directors, Yuen Ling Look and Siu
Lun Tong, act as directors of Mega Action Limited. 

In consideration of 1.00,
Mega Action Limited issued the Company one share of Mega Action Limited Mega ). There is only one share of Mega share issued and outstanding. Mega is
a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company. Mega operates as a management
division of office suites of the Company. Mega's operational activities are
both minimal and solely administrative in nature for the office suites which
were offered, but such activity has now ceased due to the discontinued
operations of office suites. Mega does not expect to recognize revenues from
its minimal administrative activities. 

Leasehold
Acquisition 

On September 8, 2011,
Prestige entered into an Agreement with Huge Earn Investments Limited Huge
Earn to purchase a leasehold, as described below, in exchange for 25,000,000
shares of the Company's restricted common stock and a 450,000 promissory note with
anticipated due date of six months from issuance. The promissory note was due
on March 1, 2012. The promissory note does not accrue interest. Despite
Prestige's default on the promissory note Huge Earn has not entered into any
extension of the promissory note or indicated a willingness to repossess the
leases. Huge Earn is owned by a principal shareholder and deferred any action
on the note. 

On October 1, 2011, the existing
leases with the tenants were transferred to Prestige, as specified in the Agreement.

The leasehold is
approximately 4,419 square feet and includes 24 offices and 2 conference rooms. 
The Agreement further provided for all furniture, equipment and fixtures to be
included in the transfer. At the time of the exchange approximately 15 offices
were leased out and Huge Earn held approximately 57,725 in deposits from these
leases. 

As part of the transaction
and as specified in the Agreement, Prestige entered into a new 3 year lease
agreement for the space, from October 1, 2011 through September 30, 2014. In
addition, as part of the acquisition, Prestige took over the existing leases
(15 offices) between Huge Earn and its then existing tenants. 

The lease agreement for this
acquired center was not renewed after the expiry date of September 30, 2014. 
The premises of the 10(F) center were handed over to the Landlord on September
30, 2014. The 12 th floor premises lease expires October 30, 2015. 

BUSINESS 

JV Group's goal in fiscal
year 2014-2015 was to be a serviced office provider through its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Prestige Prime Office Ltd. in Hong Kong. Due to the non-renewal
lease with one of the former Landlords in September 30, 2014 and the inability
to lease offices profitability due to the glut of office space, the Board determined
it was in the Company's best interest to terminate its operations and seek
other opportunities. Accordingly, there are no continued operations at this
time. 

The Company's discontinued
operations were wholly unprofitable resulting in zero occupancy at year end and
an accrual of 528, 415 in 2015 and 346,620
in 2014. Assets were
reduced to 3,522 after liquidation of the discontinued operations assets,
furniture and fixtures. 

 -4- 

GENERAL BUSINESS PLAN 

We intend to seek,
investigate and, if such investigation warrants, acquire an interest in
business opportunities presented to us by persons or firms which desire to seek
the advantages of an issuer who has complied with the Securities Act of 1934
(the 1934 Act ). We will not restrict our search to any specific business,
industry or geographical location, and we may participate in business ventures
of virtually any nature. This discussion of our proposed business is purposefully
general and is not meant to be restrictive of our virtually unlimited discretion
to search for and enter into potential business opportunities. We anticipate
that we may be able to participate in only one potential business venture
because of our lack of financial resources. 

We may seek a business
opportunity with entities which have recently commenced operations, or that
desire to utilize the public marketplace in order to raise additional capital
in order to expand into new products or markets, to develop a new product or
service, or for other corporate purposes. We may acquire assets and establish
wholly owned subsidiaries in various businesses or acquire existing businesses
as subsidiaries. 

We expect that the selection
of a business opportunity will be complex and risky. Due to general economic
conditions, rapid technological advances being made in some industries and
shortages of available capital, we believe that there are numerous firms
seeking the benefits of an issuer who has complied with the 1934 Act. Such
benefits may include facilitating or improving the terms on which additional
equity financing may be sought, providing liquidity for incentive stock options
or similar benefits to key employees, providing liquidity (subject to
restrictions of applicable statutes) for all stockholders and other factors.
Potentially, available business opportunities may occur in many different
industries and at various stages of development, all of which will make the
task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities
extremely difficult and complex. We have, and will continue to have,
essentially no assets to provide the owners of business opportunities. However,
we will be able to offer owners of acquisition candidates the opportunity to
acquire a controlling ownership interest in an issuer who has complied with the
1934 Act without incurring the cost and time required to conduct an initial
public offering. 

The analysis of new business
opportunities will be undertaken by, or under the supervision of, our board of
directors. We intend to concentrate on identifying preliminary prospective
business opportunities which may be brought to our attention through present
associations of our director, professional advisors or by our stockholders. In
analyzing prospective business opportunities, we will consider such matters as
(i) available technical, financial and managerial resources; (ii) working
capital and other financial requirements; (iii) history of operations, if any,
and prospects for the future; (iv) nature of present and expected competition;
(v) quality, experience and depth of management services; (vi) potential for
further research, development or exploration; (vii) specific risk factors not
now foreseeable but that may be anticipated to impact the proposed activities
of the company; (viii) potential for growth or expansion; (ix) potential for
profit; (x) public recognition and acceptance of products, services or trades;
(xi) name identification; and (xii) other factors that we consider relevant. As
part of our investigation of the business opportunity, we expect to meet
personally with management and key personnel. To the extent possible, we intend
to utilize written reports and personal investigation to evaluate the above
factors. 

We will not acquire or merge
with any company for which audited financial statements cannot be obtained
within a reasonable period of time after closing of the proposed transaction. 
 -5- 

ACQUISITION OPPORTUNITIES 

In implementing a structure
for a particular business acquisition, we may become a party to a merger,
consolidation, reorganization, joint venture, or licensing agreement with
another company or entity. We may also acquire stock or assets of an existing
business. Upon consummation of a transaction, it is probable that our present
management and stockholders will no longer be in control of us. In addition,
our sole director may, as part of the terms of the acquisition transaction,
resign and be replaced by new directors without a vote of our stockholders, or
sell his stock in us. Any such sale will only be made in compliance with the
securities laws of the United States and any applicable state. 

It is anticipated that any
securities issued in any such reorganization would be issued in reliance upon
exemption from registration under application federal and state securities
laws. In some circumstances, as a negotiated element of the transaction, we may
agree to register all or a part of such securities immediately after the
transaction is consummated or at specified times thereafter. If such
registration occurs, it will be undertaken by the surviving entity after it has
successfully consummated a merger or acquisition and is no longer considered an
inactive company. The issuance of substantial additional securities and their
potential sale into any trading market which may develop in our securities may
have a depressive effect on the value of our securities in the future. There is
no assurance that such a trading market will develop. 

While the actual terms of a
transaction cannot be predicted, it is expected that the parties to any business
transaction will find it desirable to avoid the creation of a taxable event and
thereby structure the business transaction in a so-called tax-free 
reorganization under Sections 368(a)(1) or 351 of the Internal Revenue Code
(the Code ). In order to obtain tax-free treatment under the Code,
it may be necessary for the owner of the acquired business to own 80 or more
of the voting stock of the surviving entity. In such event, our stockholders
would retain less than 20 of the issued and outstanding shares of the
surviving entity. This would result in significant dilution in the equity of stockholders. 

As part of our investigation,
we expect to meet personally with management and key personnel, visit and
inspect material facilities, obtain independent analysis of verification of
certain information provided, check references of management and key personnel,
and take other reasonable investigative measures, to the extent of our limited
financial resources and management expertise. The manner in which we
participate in an opportunity will depend on the nature of the opportunity, the
respective needs and desires of both parties, and the management of the
opportunity. 

With respect to any merger or
acquisition, and depending upon, among other things, the target company's
assets and liabilities, our stockholders will in all likelihood hold a
substantially lesser percentage ownership interest in us following any merger
or acquisition. The percentage ownership may be subject to significant
reduction in the event we acquire a target company with assets and expectations
of growth. Any merger or acquisition can be expected to have a significant
dilutive effect on the percentage of shares held by our stockholders. 

We will participate in a
business opportunity only after the negotiation and execution of appropriate
written business agreements. Although the terms of such agreements cannot be
predicted, generally we anticipate that such agreements will (i) require
specific representations and warranties by all of the parties; (ii) specify
certain events of default; (iii) detail the terms of closing and the conditions
which must be satisfied by each of the parties prior to and after such closing;
(iv) outline the manner of bearing costs, including costs associated with the
Company's attorneys and accountants; (v) set forth remedies on defaults; and
(vi) include miscellaneous other terms. 

 -6- 

As stated above, we will not
acquire or merge with any entity which cannot provide independent audited
financial statements within a reasonable period of time after closing of the
proposed transaction. We are subject to all of the reporting requirements
included in the 1934 Act. Included in these requirements as part of a Current
Report on Form 8-K, required to be filed with the SEC upon consummation of a
merger or acquisition, as well as audited financial statements included in an
Annual Report on Form 10-K. If such audited financial statements are not
available at closing, or within time parameters necessary to insure our
compliance within the requirements of the 1934 Act, or if the audited financial
statements provided do not conform to the representations made by that business
to be acquired, the definitive closing documents will provide that the proposed
transaction will be voidable, at the discretion of our present management. If
such transaction is voided, the definitive closing documents will also contain
a provision providing for reimbursement for our costs associated with the
proposed transaction. 

COMPETITION 

We believe we are an
insignificant participant among the firms which engage in the acquisition of
business opportunities. There are many established venture capital and
financial concerns that have significantly greater financial and personnel
resources and technical expertise than we have. In view of our limited financial
resources and limited management availability, we will continue to be at a
significant competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors. 

Investment Company Act 1940 

Although we will be subject
to regulation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the 1934 Act,
we believe we will not be subject to regulation under the Investment Company
Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act insofar as we will not be engaged in the
business of investing or trading in securities. In the event we engage in
business combinations that result in us holding passive investment interests in
a number of entities, we could be subject to regulation under the 1940 Act. In
such event, we would be required to register as an investment company and incur
significant registration and compliance costs. We have obtained no formal
determination from the SEC as to our status under the 1940 Act and,
consequently, any violation of the 1940 Act would subject us to material
adverse consequences. We believe that, currently, we are exempt under Regulation
3a-2 of the 1940 Act. 

FACTORS AFFECTING FUTURE
PERFORMANCE 

The factors affecting our
future performance changed dramatically as a result of our decision to
discontinue the last of our operating businesses in June 2015. Rather than an
operating business, our business is to reach satisfactory negotiated
settlements with our outstanding creditors, obtain debt and, or, equity finance
to fund negotiated settlements with our creditors and to meet our ongoing
operating expenses and attempt to merge with another entity with experienced
management and opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common
stock to create value for our shareholders. Although there is no assurance that
this series of events will be successfully completed, we believe we can
successfully complete an acquisition or merger which will enable us to continue
as a going concern. Any acquisition or merger will most likely be dilutive to
our existing stockholders. 

The factors affecting our
future performance are listed and explained below under the section Risk
Factors in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations. 

 -7- 

OUR BUSINESS TO FISCAL
YEAR END 

Office Leasing (until June
30, 2015) We have terminated all leasing operations at June 30, 2015. 

The first center (12F) is composed
of Units 1211-1212, 12/F, Tower 2at Silvercord, No.30 Canton Road, Tsimshatsui,
which is a premier commercial building in Hong Kong. The center is on one floor
and occupies approximately 5,000 square feet. With the experience of operating
the first center, Prestige acquired a second center (10F) in the same building
from Huge Earn on September 8, 2011. The second center is of approximately
5,000 square feet and consist of Units 1006-1007, 10/F, Tower 2, Silvercord No.
30 Canton Road, Tsimshatsui, Hong Kong. 

The lease for 10(F) center
was not renewed after the expiration on September 30, 2014. There was only
lease space available at 12(F) center only during the year ended June 30,
2015. The Company has decided to terminate the operations for both centers and
seek other opportunities after the year ended June 30, 2015. 

The table below provides the
specifics of each center at the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2014. 

June 30, 2015 

June 30, 2014 

10(F) 

12(F) 

10(F) 

12(F) 

Total available space 

0 

3,716 sq ft 

3,975 sq ft 

3,716 sq ft 

Total leased space 

0 

0 

2,608 sq ft 

2,771 sq ft 

Number of Tenants 

0 

0 

14 

9 

Average rental rate
 
 per square foot 

0 

0 

HK 81 

HK 71 

Leases expiring in 1 year 

0 

0 

14 

9 

All tenant leases have been
terminated. 

Leases with tenants provided
for monthly rental payments. Rent included the use of the property and
services offered. Prestige was able to terminate the lease at its discretion
and without giving prior notice if the tenant has failed to pay its rent; all
other terminations required Prestige giving 30 day notice to the tenant. If
the tenant should give notice of early termination, the tenant was required to
still pay all rents due under the remaining term of the lease. 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

We do not hold any patents or
patent applications. 

 EMPLOYEES 

As of June 30, 2015, we had no
employees. The Company's officers do not have employment agreements at this
time. We feel that the relations with our employees are in good standing. 
 -8- 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

You should be aware that there are various risks
associated with our business, including the ones discussed below. You should
carefully consider these risk factors, as well as the other information
contained in this Form 10-K, in evaluating us and our business. 

Our business intends to attempt to merge with another
entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth in return for
shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders. There is no
assurance that this series of events will be successfully completed. Although
there is no assurance, we believe we can successfully complete an acquisition
or merger, which will enable us to continue as a going concern. Any acquisition
or merger will most likely be dilutive to our existing stockholders. 

WE HAVE A SUBSTANTIAL BALANCE OF OUTSTANDING
LIABILITIES 

At June 30, 2015, we had outstanding liabilities of
approximately 2,105,425 due to creditors. We have no assets, no operating
business or our source of income from which to pay these creditors. Accordingly
we must attempt to negotiate acceptable settlements with these outstanding
creditors and then attempt to raise debt and, or, equity funding to finance the
payment of the agreed settlements. There can be no assurance that we shall be
able to negotiate acceptable settlements with our outstanding creditors or that
we shall be able to raise the necessary debt and, or, equity finance to fund
any such agreed settlements. If we are unable to settle these liabilities it is
unlikely that we will be able to merge with another entity with experienced
management and opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common
stock to create value for our shareholders 

WE HAVE INCURRED SIGNIFICANT LOSSES AND ANTICIPATE
FUTURE LOSSES 

At June 30, 2015, we had an accumulated deficit of 3,096,380
and a stockholders' deficit of approximately 2,101,903. Future losses are
likely to occur as we have no sources of income to meet our operating expenses.
As a result of these, among other factors, we received a report on our
consolidated financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2014
from our independent accountants that include an explanatory paragraph stating
that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. Consistent with our business plan, we plan on reaching satisfactory
negotiated settlements with our outstanding creditors, raising additional debt
and/or, equity to fund settlements with our creditors and to meet our ongoing
operating expenses and attempting to merge with another entity with experienced
management and opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common
stock to create value for our shareholders. There can be no assurance that this
series of events will be successfully completed. No assurances can be given
that we will be successful in acquiring operations, generating revenues or
reaching or maintaining profitable operations. 

OUR EXISTING FINANCIAL RESOURCES ARE INSUFFICIENT TO
MEET OUR ONGOING OPERATING EXPENSES 

We have no sources of income at this time and no
existing cash balances that are adequate to meet our ongoing operating
expenses. In the short term, unless we are able to raise additional debt and/or,
equity we shall be unable to meet our ongoing operating expenses. On a longer
term basis, we plan to acquire an entity with experienced management and the
opportunities for growth in exchange for shares of our common stock and are
dependent on achieving a successful merger with a profitable company. No
assurances can be given that we will be successful in acquiring operations,
generating revenues or reaching or maintaining profitable operations. 
 -9- 

WE INTEND TO PURSUE THE ACQUISITION OF AN OPERATING
BUSINESS 

Our sole strategy is to acquire an operating business.
Successful implementation of this strategy depends on our ability to identify a
suitable acquisition candidate, acquire such company on acceptable terms and
integrate its operations. In pursuing acquisition opportunities, we compete
with other companies with similar strategies. Competition for acquisition
targets may result in increased prices of acquisition targets and a diminished
pool of companies available for acquisition. Acquisitions involve a number of
other risks, including risks of acquiring undisclosed or undesired liabilities,
acquired in-process technology, stock compensation expense, diversion of management
attention, potential disputes with the seller of one or more acquired entities and
possible failure to retain key acquired personnel. Any acquired entity or
assets may not perform relative to our expectations. Our ability to meet these
challenges has not been established. 

SCARCITY OF, AND COMPETITION FOR, BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITIES AND COMBINATIONS 

We believe we are an insignificant participant among
the firms which engage in the acquisition of business opportunities. There are
many established venture capital and financial concerns that have significantly
greater financial and personnel resources and technical expertise than we have.
Nearly all such entities have significantly greater financial resources,
technical expertise and managerial capabilities than us and, consequently, we
will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business
opportunities and successfully completing a business combination. Moreover, we
will also compete in seeking merger or acquisition candidates with numerous
other small public companies. In view of our limited financial resources and
limited management availability, we will continue to be at a significant
competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors. 

WE HAVE NOT EXECUTED ANY FORMAL AGREEMENT FOR A
BUSINESS COMBINATION OR OTHER TRANSACTION AND HAVE ESTABLISHED NO STANDARDS FOR
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 

We have not executed any formal arrangement, agreement
or understanding with respect to engaging in a merger with, joint venture with
or acquisition of a private or public entity. There can be no assurance that we
will be successful in identifying and evaluating suitable business
opportunities or in concluding a business combination. We have not identified
any particular industry or specific business within an industry for evaluation.
There is no assurance we will be able to negotiate a business combination on
terms favorable, if at all. We have not established a specific length of
operating history or specified level of earnings, assets, net worth or other
criteria which we will require a target business opportunity to have achieved,
and without which we would not consider a business combination. Accordingly, we
may enter into a business combination with a business opportunity having no
significant operating history, losses, limited or no potential for earnings,
limited assets, negative net worth or other negative characteristics. 

REDUCTION OF PERCENTAGE SHARE OWNERSHIP FOLLOWING
BUSINESS COMBINATION AND DILUTION TO STOCKHOLDERS 

Our primary plan of operation is based upon a business
combination with a private concern which, in all likelihood, would result in us
issuing securities to stockholders of such private company. The issuance of
previously authorized and unissued shares of our common stock would result in
reduction in percentage of shares owned by present and prospective stockholders
and may result in a change in control or management. In addition, any merger or
acquisition can be expected to have a significant dilutive effect on the
percentage of the shares held our stockholders. 

 -10- 

BECAUSE INSIDERS CONTROL OUR ACTIVITIES, THAT MAY
CAUSE US TO ACT IN A MANNER THAT IS MOST BENEFICIAL TO THEM AND NOT TO OUTSIDE
SHAREHOLDERS WHICH COULD CAUSE US NOT TO TAKE ACTIONS THAT OUTSIDE INVESTORS
MIGHT VIEW FAVORABLY 

Our executive officers, directors, and holders of 5 
or more of our outstanding common stock beneficially own approximately 98 of
our outstanding common stock. As a result, they effectively control all matters
requiring director and stockholder approval, including the election of
directors, the approval of significant corporate transactions, such as mergers
and related party transaction. These insiders also have the ability to delay or
perhaps even block, by their ownership of our stock, an unsolicited tender
offer. This concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying,
deterring or preventing a change in control of our company that you might view
favorably. 

OUR DIRECTORS MAY HAVE CONFLICTS OF INTEREST WHICH MAY
NOT BE RESOLVED FAVORABLY TO US. 

Certain conflicts of interest may exist between our
directors and us. Our Directors have other business interests to which they
devote their attention, and may be expected to continue to do so although
management time should be devoted to our business. As a result, conflicts of
interest may arise that can be resolved only through exercise of such judgment
as is consistent with fiduciary duties to us. 

LOSS OF CONTROL BY OUR PRESENT MANAGEMENT AND
STOCKHOLDERS MAY OCCUR UPON ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES. 

We may issue further shares as consideration for the
cash or assets or services out of our authorized but unissued common stock that
would, upon issuance, represent a majority of our voting power and equity. The
result of such an issuance would be those new stockholders and management would
control us, and persons unknown could replace our management at this time. Such
an occurrence would result in a greatly reduced percentage of ownership of us
by our current stockholders. 

WE MAY DEPEND UPON OUTSIDE ADVISORS, WHO MAY NOT BE
AVAILABLE ON REASONABLE TERMS AND AS NEEDED . 

To supplement the business experience of our officers
and directors, we may be required to employ accountants, technical experts,
appraisers, attorneys, or other consultants or advisors. Our Board without any
input from stockholders will make the selection of any such advisors.
Furthermore, it is anticipated that such persons may be engaged on an as
needed basis without a continuing fiduciary or other obligation to us. In
the event we consider it necessary to hire outside advisors, we may elect to
hire persons who are affiliates, if they are able to provide the required
services. 

WE HAVE LIMITED WORKING
CAPITAL AND LIMITED CASH FUNDS. 

 At
June 30, 2015, we have total current assets of 3,522, of which 195 is cash on
hand and 3,327 are current assets held for sale, consisting of 256 of cash
and 3,071 of prepaid expenses. At June 30, 2015, we have total current
liabilities of 2,105,425 out of which 1,902,277 are current liabilities held
for sale. We have a working capital deficit of 2,101,903 at June 30, 2015. During
the year ended June 30, 2015, we recognized revenues of 0 and a net loss of 528,415
out of which 444,267 is attributable to loss from discontinued operations with
corresponding revenue from discontinued operations of 78,713. 

We have limited funds, and
such funds may not be adequate to carry out the business plan. Our cash
inflows from our operating activities are not enough to cover the costs
incurred by our operational activities. The ultimate success of our business
may depend upon our ability to raise additional capital. We have investigated
the availability, source, or terms that might 

 -11- 

govern the acquisition of
additional capital. If additional capital is needed, there is no assurance that
funds will be available from any source or, if available, that they can be
obtained on terms acceptable to us. If not available, our operations will be
limited to those that can be financed with its modest capital. 

FLUCTUATION
IN THE VALUE OF THE HONG KONG DOLLAR MAY HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

Our operations have been located
in Hong Kong and as such our financial activities are done in Hong Kong Dollars. 
In accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Procedures (US
GAAP) our financial statements are reported in U.S. Dollars. The value of the
Hong Kong Dollar against the U.S. dollar may fluctuate and is affected by,
among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. An
appreciation of the Hong Kong dollar against the U.S. dollar could result in
foreign currency translation losses for financial reporting purposes when we
translate our Hong
 Kong denominated
liabilities into U.S. Dollars, as the U.S. Dollar would likely be our reporting
currency. 

 JV GROUP IS A HOLDING
COMPANY AND THERE ARE LIMITATIONS ON OUR ABILITY TO RECEIVE DISTRIBUTIONS FROM
OUR SUBSIDIARIES. 

We conduct all of our
operations through our wholly-owned subsidiaries and are dependent upon
dividends or other intercompany transfers of funds from our subsidiaries to
meet our obligations. Moreover, our subsidiaries are currently limited in their
ability to pay dividends or make distributions to us. We cannot make any
assurances that we will be able to fund the operations of the parent company in
such manner. 

 OUR SUCCESS DEPENDS SUBSTANTIALLY
ON THE CONTINUED RETENTION OF CERTAIN KEY PERSONNEL AND OUR ABILITY TO HIRE AND
RETAIN QUALIFIED PERSONNEL IN THE FUTURE TO SUPPORT OUR GROWTH. 

If one or more of our senior
executives or other key personnel are unable or unwilling to continue in their
present positions, we may not be able to replace them easily or at all. As a
result, our business may be disrupted and our financial condition and results
of operations may be materially and adversely affected. While we depend on the
abilities and participation of our current management team generally, we have a
particular reliance upon Ms. Look, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer. The loss of the services of Ms. Look for any reason could
significantly impact our business and results of operations. 

 BECAUSE INSIDERS CONTROL OUR ACTIVITIES, THAT MAY CAUSE US TO ACT IN A MANNER THAT IS MOST BENEFICIAL TO THEM AND NOT TO OUTSIDE SHAREHOLDERS WHICH COULD CAUSE US NOT TO TAKE ACTIONS THAT OUTSIDE INVESTORS MIGHT VIEW FAVORABLY. 

Mr. Yeung Cheuk Hung, an
affiliate of the Company, owns approximately 61 of our issued and outstanding
common stock. As a result, Mr. Yeung effectively controls all matters requiring
stockholder approval, including the election of directors, the approval of significant
corporate transactions, such as mergers and related party transactions. These
insiders also have the ability to delay or perhaps even block, by their
ownership of our stock, an unsolicited tender offer. This concentration of
ownership could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change
in control of our company that you might view favorably.
 
 -12- 

LOSS OF CONTROL BY OUR STOCKHOLDERS MAY OCCUR UPON ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES. 

 We may issue additional shares, in the future, as consideration for cash, assets, or services out of our authorized but unissued common stock that would, upon issuance, represent a majority of our voting power and equity. The result of such an issuance would be those new stockholders and management would control us, and persons unknown could replace our management at this time. Such an occurrence would result in a greatly reduced percentage of ownership of us by our current stockholders. 

THE REGULATION OF PENNY
STOCKS BY SEC AND FINRA MAY HAVE AN EFFECT ON THE TRADABILITY OF OUR
SECURITIES. 

 Our securities are currently
listed on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board and the Pink Sheets. Our shares
are subject to a Securities and Exchange Commission rule that imposes special
sales practice requirements upon broker-dealers who sell such securities to
persons other than established customers or accredited investors. For purposes
of the rule, the phrase accredited investors means, in general
terms, institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000, or individuals having
a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or having an annual income that exceeds
 200,000 (or that, when combined with a spouse's income, exceeds 300,000). 
For transactions covered by the rule, the broker-dealer must make a special
suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written
agreement to the transaction prior to the sale. Consequently, the rule may
affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and also may affect
the ability of purchasers in this offering to sell their securities in any
market that might develop therefore. 

In addition, the Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted a number of rules to regulate penny stocks. Such rules include Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4, 15g-5, 15g-6, 15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Because our securities constitute penny stocks within the meaning of the rules, the rules would apply to us and to our securities. The rules may further affect the ability of owners of Shares to sell our securities in any market that might develop for them. 
 Shareholders should be aware that, according to the Securities and Exchange Commission, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (iii) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired consequent investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. 

 OUR STOCK IS THINLY TRADED
AND AS A RESULT YOU MAY BE UNABLE TO SELL AT OR NEAR ASK PRICES OR AT ALL IF
YOU NEED TO LIQUIDATE YOUR SHARES. 

 The shares of our
common stock are thinly-traded on the OTC Markets Pink, meaning that the number
of persons interested in purchasing our shares of common stock at or near ask
prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. This situation
is attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small
company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers,
institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate or
influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such
persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an
unproven, early stage company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase
of our 
 -13- 

shares of common stock
until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. As a consequence,
there are periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares of
common stock is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which
has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support
continuous sales without an adverse effect on Securities price. We cannot
give you any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for
our shares of Common Stock will develop or be sustained, or that any trading
levels will be sustained. Due to these conditions, we can give investors no
assurance that they will be able to sell their shares of common stock at or near
ask prices or at all if you need money or otherwise desire to liquidate your
shares of common stock of our Company. 

 RULE 144 SALES IN THE FUTURE MAY HAVE A DEPRESSIVE EFFECT ON OUR STOCK PRICE. 
 All of the outstanding shares of common stock held by our present officers, directors, and affiliate stockholders are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As restricted shares, these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who has held restricted securities for six months may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1.0 of a company's outstanding common stock or the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks prior to the sale. There is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a nonaffiliated entity after the owner has held the restricted securities for a period of six months. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act, may have a depressive effect upon the price of the common stock in any market that may develop. 
 WE DO NOT ANTICIPATE PAYING CASH DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON STOCK 
 We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, due to our illiquidity and inability to support our operations without funding from our officers, directors and shareholders. Future cash dividends will be determined by our board of directors based upon our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other relevant factors. We cannot provide any assurances or guarantees that any agreement for financing will not provide for restrictions on any future dividend payments, though our existing promissory notes do not have any such provisions. 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

 ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES

Our
United States mailing address is 7609 Ralston Road, Arvada, Colorado, 80002. 
We do not hold this property nor do we have operations at this address. The
Company does not hold any real property. 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS To the best of our knowledge and belief, there is no pending legal action against the Company. 
 
 -14- 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. Not Applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth the range of high and low sales prices for the
Company's common stock for each of the fiscal quarters for the past two years
as reported on the OTC Bulletin Board.
These prices represent inter-dealer prices without adjustments for mark-up,
mark-down, or commission and do not necessarily reflect actual transactions. 

Our common stock's trading symbol is ASZP . 

High 

Low 

Year
 Ended June 30, 2015 

September
 30, 2014 

0.05 

0.05 

December
 31, 2014 

0.05 

0.05 

March
 31, 2015 

0.08 

0.08 

June
 30, 2015 

0.07 

0.07 

High 

Low 

Year
 Ended June 30, 2014 

September
 30, 2013 

0.03 

0.01 

December
 31, 2013 

0.02 

0.01 

March
 31, 2014 

0.03 

0.01 

June
 30, 2014 

0.02 

0.02 

Holders . As of June 30, 2015, there were approximately 130 holders of record of the common stock. We believe that we have approximately 2,000 beneficial owners of our common stock. In many instances, a registered stockholder is a broker or other entity holding shares in street name for one or more customers who beneficially own the shares. 
 Our transfer agent is Mountain Share Transfer, Inc., P.O. Box 191767, Atlanta, GA, 31119. Mountain Share Transfer's telephone number is (303) 460-1149. 
 Dividends. We have not paid or declared cash distributions or dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future due to our illiquidity and inability to support operations to support our operations without funding from our officers, directors and shareholders. Future cash dividends will be determined by our board of directors based upon our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other relevant factors. We cannot provide any assurances or guarantees that any agreement for financing will not provide for restrictions on any future dividend payments, though our existing promissory notes do not have any such provisions. 

Recent Sales of
Unregistered Securities 

We made the following
unregistered sales of our securities from July 1, 2012 through June 30, 2015: 

None. 

 -15- 

ITEM 6. SELECTED
FINANCIAL AND OPERATING DATA 

 As a smaller reporting
company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to
provide information required by this Item. 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes thereto included herein. In connection with, and because we desire to take advantage of, the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we caution readers regarding certain forward looking statements in the following discussion and elsewhere in this report and in any other statement made by, or on our behalf, whether or not in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements are statements not based on historical information and which relate to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Forward looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and many of which, with respect to future business decisions, are subject to change. These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward looking statements made by, or on our behalf. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. 
 The independent registered public accounting firm's report on the Company's consolidated financial statements as of June 30, 2015, and for each of the years in the two-year period then ended, includes a going concern explanatory paragraph, that describes substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 
 PLAN OF OPERATIONS 

JV Group's strategy is to seek
out a partner for a merger or an operating company seeking the benefits of a
publicly traded company. Because the subsidiaries have ceased their activity it
will cause the Company to be classified as a shell corporation. 

The Company will need
substantial additional capital to support its budget. The Company has had
minimal revenues. The Company has no committed source for any funds as of date
hereof. In the event funds cannot be raised when needed, the Company may not be
able to carry out its business plan, may never achieve sales or royalty income,
and could fail in business as a result of these uncertainties. 

The Company may borrow money
to finance its future operations, although it does not currently contemplate
doing so. Any such borrowing will increase the risk of loss to the investor in
the event the Company is unsuccessful in repaying such loans. 

The independent registered public accounting firm's
report on the Company's financial statements as of June 30, 2015, and for each
of the years in the two-year period then ended, includes a going concern 
explanatory paragraph, that describes substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern. 
 -16- 

For the Year Ended June
30, 2015 Compared to the Year Ended June 30, 2014 

 During the year ended June
30, 2015 and 2014, we recognized revenues of 0 and 0 respectively from
operations. Revenues from discontinued operations amounted to 78,713 and
 612,441 for the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2014 with corresponding cost of
revenues of 47,908 and 82,618 respectively. 

During the year ended June
30, 2015 we incurred operational expenses of 84,148. During the year ended
June 30, 2014 we incurred operational expenses of 61,735. The increase of
 22,413 is composed of an increase of 18,306 in accounting and legal costs.
During the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, we incurred operational expenses
of 475,072 and 816,413 respectively in relation to the discontinued
operations. 

Losses attributable to
continuing operations were 84,148 for the year ended June 30, 2015 and 61,735
for the year ended June 30, 2014. Losses attributable to the discontinued
operations were 444,267 for the year ended June 30 2015 and 284,885 for the
year ended June 30, 2014. 

LIQUIDITY 

At June 30, 2015, we had
total current assets of 3,522 consisting of cash and cash equivalents of 195
and current assets held for sale of 3,327 consisting of 256 in cash and
 3,071 in prepaid expenses. At June 30, 2015, we had total liabilities of 2,105,425,
all current. Total liabilities included 153,511 in accounts payable and
accrued liabilities, 49,637 in advances from related parties and 1,902,277 of
current liabilities held for sale, consisting of 4,087 in accounts payable and
accrued liabilities, 12,987 in prepayments, 452,790 in notes payable to
related party and 1,432,413 in advances from related parties. 

During the year ended June
30, 2015, we used funds of 46,642 in our operational activities. During the year
ended June 30, 2015, we recognized a net loss from continuing operations of
 84,148.The operational loss due to discontinued operations was 444,267.
During the year ended June 30, 2014, we used funds of 37,765 in our
operational activities. The discontinued operations used 349,035 and 52,526
in operating funds during the years ended June 30, 2015 and June 30, 2014
respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2014, we incurred a net loss from
continuing operations of 61,735. The corresponding loss attributable to
discontinued operations was 284,885. 

During the year ended June
30, 2015, we used 0 to acquire computer equipment. During the year ended June
30, 2014, the discontinued operations used 11,562 to acquire computer
equipment. 

During the year ended June
30, 2015, we received 15,816 from our financing activities. During the year
ended June 30, 2015 the discontinued operations provided 380,025 from
financing activities. During the year ended June 30, 2014, we received a net of
 27,950 from our financing activities. During this same period we received
 72,898 from financing activities from the discontinued operations. 

During the year ended June
30, 2015 and 2014, the discontinued operations received 380,025 and 72,898 to
support operations and the total liabilities for these advances are 1,432,413
and 1,052,388, respectively. 

 Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

We have no material
off-balance sheet arrangements. We do have two subsidiaries that are not
presented in a consolidated financial statement due to their operations having
been discontinued. 

 -17- 

Short Term 

Since we have ceased
operations there is no revenue coming in to the Company however, there will be
limited ongoing expenses that will need to be covered. For short term needs we
will be dependent on receipt, if any, of offering proceeds and/or loans from
officers/stockholders. 

Capital Resources 

We have only common stock as
our capital resource. 

We have no material
commitments for capital expenditures within the next year, substantial capital
will be needed to pay for working capital. 

Need for Additional
Financing 

We do not have capital
sufficient to meet our cash needs. We will have to seek loans or equity
placements to cover such cash needs. 

No commitments to provide
additional funds have been made by our management or other stockholders. 
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that any additional funds will be
available to us to allow it to cover our expenses as they may be incurred. 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

 As a smaller reporting
company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to
provide information required by this Item. 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 Our financial statements and supplementary data are included herein commencing on page 19. 

-18- 

JV GROUP, INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2014 

REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

20 

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

21 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

22 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

23 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

24 

NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

25 

-19- 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 
 JV Group, Inc. 
 
 Arvada, Co. 
 We have audited
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of JV Group, Inc. and subsidiaries
(the Company) as of June 30, 2015 and 2014, and the related statements of
operations, stockholders' deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the
two year period ended June 30, 2015. JV Group, Inc's management is responsible
for these financial statements. 
 Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits. 
 We conducted our
audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. The company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over
financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 In our opinion,
the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of JV Group, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June
30, 2015 and 2014, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the years in the two year period ended June 30, 2015, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will
continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company has suffered losses from operations, which
raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Management's
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 4. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 
 
 RBSM, LLP 
 
 December 9, 2015. 
 
 Henderson, Nevada 

-20- 

JV GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Amounts in US Dollars) 

(Audited) 

June 30, 

June 30, 

2015 

2014 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

195

255

Current assets held for sale 

3,327 

262,571 

Total current assets 

3,522 

262,826 

Total assets 

3,522 

262,826 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

153,511

116,005 

Advances, related parties 

49,637

33,821 

Current liabilities -discontinued operations 

1,902,277

1,686,264 

Total current liabilities 

2,105,425

1,836,090 

Total liabilities 

2,105,425 

1,836,090 

Stockholders' deficit 

Preferred stock, 0.01 par value: 25,000,000 shares authorized, no shares 

-

-

issued and outstanding. 

Common stock, 0.01 par value: 1,000,000,000 shares authorized 

988,797 

988,797 

98,879,655 shares issued and outstanding at 

June 30, 2015 and June 30, 2014 respectively 

Other comprehensive income 

5,680 

5,904

Accumulated deficit 

(3,096,380) 

(2,567,965) 

Total stockholders' deficit 

(2,101,903) 

(1,573,264) 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

3,522 

262,826 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

-21- 

JV GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2015 AND 2014 

(Amounts in US Dollars) 

(Audited) 

June 30, 

2015 

2014 

Revenue 

-

-

Operating expenses 

General and administrative 

84,148 

61,735 

Loss from continuing operations 

(84,148) 

(61,735) 

Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

(444,267) 

(284,885) 

Total loss from discontinued operations 

(444,267) 

(284,885) 

Net loss 

(528,415) 

(346,620) 

Other comprehensive income 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

(224) 

112 

Total comprehensive loss 

(528,639) 

(346,508) 

Basic and diluted loss per weighted average common share 

Continuing operations 

(0.00) 

(0.00) 

Discontinued operations 

(0.00) 

(0.00) 

Total loss per weighted average common share 

(0.00) 

(0.00) 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

98,879,655 

98,879,655 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

-22- 

JV GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

(Amounts in US Dollars) 

(Audited) 

Accumulated 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Shares 

Amount 
 
 Shares 

Amount 

Deficit 

Profit / (Loss) 

Total 

Balance, June 30, 2013 

- 

- 

98,879,655 

988,797 

(2,221,345) 

5,792

(1,226,756) 

Foreign currency translation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

112

112

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(346,620) 

- 

(346,620) 

Balance, June 30, 2014 

- 

- 

98,879,655 

988,797 

(2,567,965) 

5,904 

(1,573,264) 

Foreign currency translation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(224) 

(224) 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(528,415) 

- 

(528,415) 

Balance, June 30, 2015 

- 

- 

98,879,655 

988,797 

(3,096,380) 

5,680 

(2,101,903) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

-23- 

JV GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2015 AND 2014 

(Amounts in US Dollars) 

(Audited) 

2015 

2014 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

(84,148) 

(61,735) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash 

used in operating activities: 

-

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

37,506 

23,970 

Total cash flow used in operating activities 

(46,642) 

(37,765) 

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Advances from related parties 

15,816 

27,950 

Cash provided by financing activities 

15,816 

27,950 

CASH FLOW PROVIDED BY (USED IN) DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

(349,035) 

(52,526) 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

-

(11,562) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

380,025 

72,898 

Net cash provided by (used by) discontinued operations 

30,990 

8,810

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

(224) 

945

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

(60) 

(60) 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

255

315

CASH AT END OF PERIOD 

195

255

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for interest 

-

-

Cash paid for income tax 

-

-

Disposal of fixed and intangible assets held for sale 

199,074 

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

-24- 

JV GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (Amounts in USD) 
 
 (Audited) 

 NOTE 1 - BUSINESS AND
BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

 Company
History 

ASPI,
Inc. APSI was formed in Delaware in September 29, 2008. On April 25, 2012,
ASPI filed an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation to change its name
from ASPI, Inc. to JV Group, Inc. JV Group. or the Company )) In addition,
at that time, JV Group increased the number of authorized common shares from
One Hundred Million (100,000,000) shares to One Billion (1,000,000,000) shares. 

 Business 

JV Group has made a strategic shift by discontinuing
its office space leasing operations effective October 2015, and is looking to merge with or acquire an
existing company or acquire the technology to begin new operations. 

The
Company's business is to pursue a business combination through acquisition, or
merger with, an existing company. As of the date of the financial statements,
the Company is not conducting negotiations with any target business. No
assurances can be given that the Company will be successful in locating or
negotiating with any target company. 

Historically, JV Group 
operated primarily as an office service provider through its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Prestige Prime Office, Limited Prestige ). As of the date of
theses financial statement Prestige had ceased all operating activities due to
a strategic shift and the Company is now classified as a shell corporation. 

The Company also has a second
wholly owned subsidiary, Mega Action Ltd., a British Virgin Island corporation
which has no business activities. 

 As of June 30, 2015, the
Company is seeking to divest itself of these subsidiaries. 

Basis of Presentation 

 The accompanying consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of JV Group, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Mega Action Limited Mega ), a
British Virgin Island Corporation, and Prestige, a Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region Corporation (JV Group and its subsidiaries are collectively
referred to as the Company ). All significant intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

NOTE 2 - DISCONTINUED
OPERATIONS 

As of June 30, 2015 the
business activities of Prestige Prime Office, Limited have been discontinued.
There are no revenues and only lease obligations to be considered in the
future. The lease obligations terminate in November of 2015. Because Mega
Action Limited was formed to be the management arm of Prestige Prime Office,
Limited there was no further reason to keep it as a separate entity. On this
basis the current reporting includes both Prestige Prime Office, Limited and
Mega Action Limited as discontinued operations. All references to discontinued
operations contain the net result of combining these two entities. There are
nominal assets and significant liabilities in the subsidiaries and management
has deemed that the only appropriate action is to abandon these subsidiaries
effective as of June 30, 2015.
 
 -25- 

JV GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (Amounts in USD) 
 
 (Audited) 

Results of Discontinued Operations 

Summary results
of operations for our discontinued operations for the years 

June 30 

June 30, 

Discontinued
 operations: 

2015 

2014 

Revenue 

78,712 

612,441 

Loss from
 discontinued operations 

444,267 

284,885 

Income tax expense
 (benefit) 

- 

- 

Loss from discontinued
 operations 

444,267 

284,885 

Assets and
Liabilities of Discontinued Operations 

The assets and liabilities of
the discontinued operations are set forth as follows: 

Schedule of discontinued operations 

F Y E June 30, 2014 

F Y E June 30, 2015 

Prestige 

Mega 

Total 

Prestige 

Mega 

Total 

Cash 

14,935

76

15,011

160

96

256

Prepaid 

48,486

- 

48,486

3,071

3,071

P P E 

190,523

- 

190,523

- 

- 

- 

Intangibles 

8,551

- 

8,551

- 

- 

- 

Total discontinued assets 

262,495

76

262,571

3,231

96 

3,327

Accts Payable Accrued Expenses 

180,183 

903

181,086

16,171

904

17,075

Notes Payable 

452,790

452,790

452,790

- 

452,790

Related party payable 

917,555

134,833 

1,052,388 

1,265,460 

166,952 

1,432,412 

Total
 discontinued liabilities 

1,550,528 

135,736 

1,686,264 

1,734,421 

167,856 

1,902,277 

-26- 

JV GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (Amounts in USD) 
 
 (Audited) 

 NOTE 3 - SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of the
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Judgments and estimates of
uncertainties are required in applying the Company's accounting policies in
certain areas. The following are some of the areas requiring significant
judgments and estimates: a) Going concern; and b) Depreciable life for
property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. The relevant amounts could
be adjusted in the near term if experience differs from current estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all
liquid investments purchased with an initial maturity of three months or less
to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents include demand deposits and
money market funds carried at cost which approximates fair value. The Company
maintains its cash in institutions outside of the U.S. without FDIC insurance. 
HK deposits may have some limited HK deposit insurance. The Company carries
minimal cash balances. 

Foreign Currency
Translation 

 The financial statements of JV
Group's wholly-owned subsidiaries, Prestige and Mega are measured using the
local currency (the Hong Kong Dollar (HK is the functional currency). Assets
and liabilities of Prestige and Mega are translated at exchange rates as of the
balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates of
exchange in effect during the period. The resulting cumulative translation
adjustments have been recorded as a component of comprehensive income (loss),
included as a separate item in the statement of operations. 

 The Company is exposed to
movements in foreign currency exchange rates. In addition, the Company is
subject to risks including adverse developments in the foreign political and
economic environment, trade barriers, managing foreign operations, and
potentially adverse tax consequences. There can be no assurance that any of
these factors will not have a material negative impact on the Company's
financial condition or results of operations in the future. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

Fair value is defined as the
price that would be received upon sale of an asset or paid upon transfer of a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date and in the principal or most advantageous market for that
asset or liability. The fair value should be calculated based on assumptions
that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, not on
assumptions specific to the entity. In addition, the fair value of liabilities
should include consideration of non-performance risk including our own credit
risk. 

 In addition to defining
fair value, the standard expands the disclosure requirements around fair value
and establishes a fair value hierarchy for valuation inputs. The hierarchy
prioritizes the inputs into three levels based on the extent to which inputs
used in measuring fair value are observable in the market. Each fair value
measurement is reported in one of the three 

 -27- 

JV GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (Amounts in USD) 
 
 (Audited) 

levels which are
determined by the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
measurement in its entirety. These levels are: 

Level
1 - inputs are based upon unadjusted quoted prices for identical instruments
traded in active markets. 

Level
2 - inputs are based upon significant observable inputs other than quoted
prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for identical or similar
instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation
techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market
or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full
term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level
3 - inputs are generally unobservable and typically reflect management's
estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the
asset or liability. The fair values are therefore determined using model-based
techniques that include option pricing models, discounted cash flow models, and
similar techniques. 

The carrying value of the
Company's financial assets and liabilities which consist of cash, prepaid
expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued liabilities,
prepayments and advances from related parties in management's opinion
approximate their fair value due to the short maturity of such instruments.
These financial assets and liabilities are valued using Level 3 inputs, except
for cash which is at Level 1. Unless otherwise noted, it is management's
opinion that the Company is not exposed to significant interest, exchange, or
credit risks arising from these financial instruments. 

 Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are
stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed
principally on the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of each
type of asset which ranges from three to five years. Major improvements are
capitalized, while expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed when
incurred. Upon retirement or disposition, the related costs and accumulated
depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gains or losses
are credited or charged to income. 

 Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes
revenue when it is earned and expenses are recognized when they occur in accordance with FASB
ASC 605 Revenue Recognition ASC 605 . Since the Company has no ongoing operations
there is no revenue to be recognized either in the parent Company or its
subsidiaries. 

Advertising The Company does no active advertising. 

Net Loss per
Common Share 

Net income
(loss) per common share is computed pursuant to section 2660-10-45 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification. Basic net income (loss) per common share is
computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per
common share is computed by 

 -28- 

JV GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (Amounts in USD) 
 
 (Audited) 

dividing net income (loss) by the weighted
average number of shares of common stock and potentially outstanding shares of
common stock during the period. There were no potentially dilutive shares issued
or outstanding during the years ended June 30, 2015 and June 30, 2014. 

Impairment
of Long Lived Assets 

The Company has adopted paragraph
360-10-35-17 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for its long-lived
assets. The Company's long-lived assets, which include office equipment, are
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 

The Company assesses the recoverability of
its long-lived assets by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows
associated with the related long-lived asset or group of long-lived assets over
their remaining estimated useful lives against their respective carrying
amounts. Impairment, if any, is based on the excess of the carrying amount over
the fair value of those assets. Fair value is generally determined using the
asset's expected future discounted cash flows or market value, if readily
determinable. If long-lived assets are determined to be recoverable, but the
newly determined remaining estimated useful lives are shorter than originally
estimated, the net book values of the long-lived assets are depreciated over
the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives. 

The Company considers the following to be
some examples of important indicators that may trigger an impairment review:
(i) significant under-performance or losses of assets relative to expected
historical or projected future operating results; (ii) significant changes in
the manner or use of assets or in the Company's overall business strategy;
(iii) significant negative industry or economic trends; (iv) increased
competitive pressures; (v) a significant decline in the Company's stock price
for a sustained period of time; and (vi) regulatory changes. The Company
evaluates acquired assets for potential impairment indicators at least annually
and more frequently upon the occurrence of such events. 

The impairment charges, if any, are
included in operating expense in the accompanying statements of income and
comprehensive income (loss). 

Stock-Based Compensation 

 The Company accounts for
stock-based compensation using an estimate of value on the grant date in
accordance with the fair value method. Under the fair value recognition
provisions of this statement, stock-based compensation cost is measured at the
grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense on
a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which generally is the
vesting period. The Company elected the modified-prospective method, under
which prior periods are not revised for comparative purposes. The valuation
method applies to new grants and to grants that were outstanding as of the
effective date and are subsequently modified. 

 Other
Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

The Company has no elements of
Comprehensive Income or (Loss).
 
 -29- 

JV GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (Amounts in USD) 
 
 (Audited) 

Income
Taxes 

Provisions for income taxes
represents actual or estimated amounts payable on tax return filings each year.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for the estimated future tax
effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and
liabilities and amounts reported in the accompanying balance sheets, and for
operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. The change in deferred tax assets
and liabilities for the period measures the deferred tax provision or benefit
for the period. Effects of changes in enacted tax laws on deferred tax assets
and liabilities are reflected as adjustments to the tax provision or benefit in
the period of enactment. 

FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or
expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial
statements. Under ASC 740, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an
uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position
will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the
technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial
statements from such a position would be measured based on the largest benefit
that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate
settlement. ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition of income tax
assets and liabilities, classification of current and deferred tax assets and
liabilities, and accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax
positions. As of June 30, 2015 and 2014, the Company does not have a liability
for any uncertain tax positions. 

The income tax laws of
various jurisdictions in which the Company operates are summarized as follows: 

United States 

JV
Group is subject to United States tax at 35 . No provision for income tax in
the United States has been made as the Company had no U.S. taxable income for
the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2014. 

BVI 

Mega
is incorporated in BVI and is governed by the income tax laws of BVI. According
to current BVI income tax law, the applicable income tax rate for the Company
is 0 . 

Hong
Kong 

Prestige
is incorporated in Hong Kong. Pursuant to the income tax laws of Hong Kong, the
Company is subject to the tax rate 16.5 . However, due to the Company
sustaining losses, the Company's effective tax rate is zero. 

Upon
successful divestiture of the subsidiaries Management is of the opinion that
there will be no remaining tax liability or benefit from either subsidiary. 

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements 

 There were various other
accounting standards and interpretations issued in 2015 and 2014, none of which
are expected to have a material impact on the Company's financial position,
operations, or cash flows.
 
 -30- 

JV GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (Amounts in USD) 
 
 (Audited) 

NOTE 4 - GOING CONCERN 

The Company's financial
statements for the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2014 have been prepared on a
going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the
settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The
Company reported a loss from continuing operations of 84,148 for the year
ended June 30, 2015. The Company reported a net loss due to discontinued
operations of 444,267 and an accumulated deficit of 3,096,380 for the same
period. At June 30, 2015, the Company had total assets of 3,522 and total liabilities
of 2,105,425 for a working capital deficit of 2,101,903. Out of these,
current assets held for sale were 3,327 and the current liabilities held for
sale were 1,902,277. 

 The Company's ability to
continue as a going concern may be dependent on the success of management's
plan discussed below. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and
classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be
unable to continue as a going concern. 

To the extent the
Company's operations are not sufficient to fund the Company's capital
requirements, the Company may attempt to enter into a revolving loan agreement
with financial institutions or attempt to raise capital through the sale of
additional capital stock or through the issuance of debt. At the present time,
the Company does not have a revolving loan agreement with any financial
institution nor can the Company provide any assurance that it will be able to
enter into any such agreement in the future or be able to raise funds through
the further issuance of debt or equity in the Company. 

 As of June 30, 2015 the
Company has effectively ceased all of its operations which has resulted in the
Company being classified as a shell corporation.0The Company is investigating
other opportunities that may have plausible viable ability to promote future
business for the Company. There are no assurances whatsoever that any of these
opportunities will prove to have merit. 

 NOTE 5 - PROPERTY AND
EQUIPMENT 

This footnote relates solely
to the discontinued operations. 

At June 30, 2015 and June 30,
2014, Property and Equipment consisted of: 

June 30, 
 
 2015 

June 30, 
 
 2014 

Furniture and Fixtures 

0 

598,782 

Office Equipment 

0 

138,410 

Computer Equipment 

0 

24,701 

0 

761,894 

Accumulated Depreciation 

0 

(571,371) 

Total 

0 

190,523 

Property and equipment
held by Prestige have an original cost basis valued in Hong Kong Dollars. During
the year ended June 30, 2015, furniture and fixture values decreased by 268,320
and related accumulated depreciation was reduced by 156,692 due to the
disposition of furniture and fixtures that were surrendered in relation to the
non-renewal of the lease on 10/F and disposal of office equipment. The
difference of 111,628 is accounted for as a loss on disposal of assets on the
income statement. Due to the cessation of operations management concluded the
necessity of showing impairment on the value of the remaining assets. To
accomplish this impairment the value of Furniture and Fixtures has been reduced 

 -31- 

JV GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (Amounts in USD) 
 
 (Audited) 

by 330,463 and Office
and Computer Equipment has been reduced by 160,015. The related depreciation
accounts have been reduced by 461,609. The loss on this impairment of 28,868
has been reported on the income statement as an Impairment loss. Other changes
in value are a result of foreign currency exchange differences. During the years
ended June 30, 2015 and 2014 depreciation expense was 50,026 and 138,170. 

 NOTE 6 - ADVANCES, RELATED
PARTIES 

During the year ended June
30, 2015 and, 2014, Ms. Look, an officer and director of the Company and
manager of Mega, advanced additional funds of 15,816 and 27,950 respectively
to the Company. She is owed 49,637 and 33,821 as of June 30, 2015 and June
30, 2014, respectively. Such funds are unsecured, bear no interest, and are due
on demand. 

During the year ended June
30, 2015 and 2014 Mega, a BVI company which Ms. Look manages, advanced 30,465
and 9,755 respectively. The Company owed Mega 161,760 and 130,995 at the
respective year ends. 

On October 1, 2011 the
Company issued 25,000,000 shares of its common stock valued at 250,000 to Huge
Earnings Inc. This stock issuance was done on behalf of Prestige and is carried
on the books as loan to Prestige. This amount is netted against the liabilities
to Ms. Look and Mega. 

NOTE 7 - STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

The authorized capital stock
of the Company is 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock with a 0.01 par value
and 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of 0.01 per share.
At June 30, 2015 and 2014, the Company had 98,879,655 shares of its common
stock issued and outstanding and no shares of preferred stock issued and
outstanding. 

During the years ended June
30, 2015 and June 30, 2014, the Company did not issue any shares of its common
stock. 

NOTE 8 - TAXES 

Deferred income taxes are determined using
the liability method for the temporary differences between the financial
reporting basis and income tax basis of the Company's assets and liabilities.
Deferred income taxes are measured based on the tax rates expected to be in
effect when the temporary differences are included in the Company's tax return.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future
tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. 

The Company is subject to US
and foreign income taxes. Historically, the Company has had no net taxable income,
and therefore has paid no income tax. 

As of June 30, 2015 and 2014,
the Company had a net operating loss (NOL) carryforward of approximately
 416,814 and 332,666 related to the Company's continuing entity JV Group, Inc.
The NOL carryforward begins to expire in various years through 2030. Because
management is unable to determine that it is more likely than not that the
Company will realize the tax benefit related to the NOL carryforward, by having
future taxable income, a full valuation allowance has been established at June
30, 2015 to reduce the tax benefit asset value to zero. 
 -32- 

JV GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (Amounts in USD) 
 
 (Audited) 

Components of net deferred tax assets, including a valuation allowance, are as
follows at June 30th: 

2015 

2014 

Deferred tax assets: 

Federal deferred tax
 assets 

145,885 

116,433 

Valuation allowance 

(145,885) 

(116,433) 

Total deferred tax
 assets 

- 

- 

The valuation allowance for
deferred tax assets as of June 30, 2015 and 2014 was 145,885 and 116,433,
respectively. In assessing the recovery of the deferred tax assets, management
considers whether it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax
assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income in the periods
in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers
the scheduled reversals of future deferred tax liabilities, projected future
taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. As a
result, management determined it was more likely than not the deferred tax
assets would not be realized as of June 30, 2015 and 2014, and recorded a full
valuation allowance. 

Corporate tax returns for the
United States for the years 2011 and forward remain open for examination by the
Internal Revenue Service. 

NOTE 9 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

The Company has evaluated it
activities subsequent to the year ended June 30, 2015 through October 27, 2015
and has determined that it is in the Company's best interests to terminate its
operations. With this decision the rental agreement was renewed only through
November 2015. 

The Company is currently
evaluating possibilities for new ventures or possibly merging with another
company however nothing definitive is in process. 

 -33- 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

On July 23, 2015, De Joya
Griffith, LLC notified the Company that one or more of its principals joined
the accounting firm of RBSM, LLP. As a result of the transaction, on July 28,
2015, De Joya resigned as the Company's independent registered public
accounting firm and the Company engaged RBSM, LLP as the Company's independent
registered public accounting firm. The engagement of RBSM was approved by the
Company's Board of Directors. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) that is designed to provide reasonable assurance that information that is required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management timely. 

As required by SEC Rule
15d-15(b), our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer carried
out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 15d-14 as of the end of
the period covered by this report. 

 Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective in timely alerting them to material information required to be disclosed in the our periodic filings with the SEC. The determination the disclosure controls and procedures are note effective, was based upon the factors disclosed below that have lead management to determine that its internal control over financial reporting are not effective. 

Management's Annual Report On Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 

Our management, including the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal
control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), is
a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and
principal financial officers and effected by our Board of Directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and
includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in
 reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
 dispositions of our assets; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
 recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our
 receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of our management and directors; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
 timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use of disposition of our
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. All internal 

-34- 

control systems, no matter how well
designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to
be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
statement preparation and presentation. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2015. Based on
this assessment, management believes that as of June 30, 2015, our internal
control over financial reporting is not effective based on those criteria.

Specifically, management's
evaluation identified the following material weaknesses, which existed as of
June 30, 2015: 

(1) Financial Reporting Systems: We did not maintain a
fully integrated financial consolidation and reporting system throughout the
period and as a result, extensive manual analysis, reconciliation and
adjustments were required in order to produce financial statements for external
reporting purposes. 

(2) Segregation of Duties: We do not currently have a
sufficient complement of technical accounting and external reporting personal
commensurate to support standalone external financial reporting under public
company or SEC requirements. Specifically, the Company did not effectively
segregate certain accounting duties due to the small size of its accounting
staff, and maintain a sufficient number of adequately trained personnel
necessary to anticipate and identify risks critical to financial reporting and
the closing process. In addition, there were inadequate reviews and approvals
by the Company's personnel of certain reconciliations and other processes in
day-to-day operations due to the lack of a full complement of accounting staff.

We believe that our
weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure
controls relate in part to the fact that we are a small reporting business with
limited personnel. Management and the Board of Directors believe that the
Company would need to allocate additional human and financial resources to
address these matters, which at this time the Company does not have the
financial capability to remediate. Management can give no assurances that it
will ever be able to remediate such material weaknesses. 

This annual report does not include an
attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding
internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject
to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to
temporary rules of the SEC to provide only management's report in this annual
report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

During our most recent fiscal quarter,
there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None.

-35- 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

As
of June 30, 2015, our directors and officers were: 

NAME 

AGE 

POSITION 

Yuen Ling Look 

48 

President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 

Siu Fong Kelly Yeung 

46 

Director 

Siu Lun Tong 

53 

Director 

YUEN LING LOOK 

Ms. Look was appointed the Chief
Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and director of the
Company on November 9, 2009. Ms. Look is also a manager of both Mega and
Prestige. 

Ms. Look has been employed by
La Jacques Fashion Limited for over ten years. Currently, she is the Chief
Administrator, responsible for the accounting and administrative work. La
Jacques Fashion Limited is a garment trading company. 

She was educated in Hong Kong
and earned a diploma in Business Administration in 1991 from Hong Kong Shue Yan University
(formerly called Shue Yan College). She also completed the Certificate Stage of
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants in 1999. 

Ms. Look was appointed to the
Board of Directors not only for her business management experience, but also
due to her accounting background. 

SIU FONG KELLY YEUNG 

Ms. Yeung was appointed a
director of the Company on November 9, 2009. 

Ms. Yeung graduated from the
Primary school in Hong Kong. She then went to United
 Kingdom for further studies. In 1988,
she finished at Level O. After graduation, she immediately joined and
participated in the operations of restaurants. She has almost twenty years
experience in the beverage industry. She has been running her own restaurant
for over ten years. 

Ms. Yeung brings to the Board
of Directors both her business experience, but also her experience and skills
in business management. 

SIU LUN TONG 

Mr. Tong was appointed a
director of the Company on November 9, 2009. 

Mr. Tong has been employed by
Asian Alliance Garment Limited for more than 15 years. Currently, he is the
production manager of Asian Alliance Garment Limited. At Asian Alliance Garment
Limited, he specializes in management and control of factories and quality.
Sportswear and jeans are the main lines of the company's business. 
 -36- 

Mr. Tong brings to the Board
of Directors both his business experience, but also his experience and skills
in business management. 

 COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

In
the ordinary course of business, the board of directors maintains a
compensation committee and an audit committee. At this time, the Company's
board of directors as a whole serves as its compensation committee and audit
committee. The Company's board of directors has determined that none of the
directors sitting on the audit committee qualify as a financial expert. 

The
primary function of the compensation committee is to review and make
recommendations to the board of directors with respect to the compensation, including
bonuses, of our officers. 

The
functions of the audit committee are to review the scope of the audit
procedures employed by our independent auditors, to review with the independent
auditors our accounting practices and policies and recommend to whom reports
should be submitted, to review with the independent auditors their final audit
reports, to review with our internal and independent auditors our overall
accounting and financial controls, to be available to the independent auditors
during the year for consultation, to approve the audit fee charged by the
independent auditors, to report to the board of directors with respect to such
matters, and to recommend the selection of the independent auditors. 

 In the absence of a separate audit committee our Board of Directors functions as the audit committee and performs some of the same functions of an audit committee, such as recommending a firm of independent certified public accountants to audit the annual financial statements; reviewing the independent auditors independence, the financial statements and their audit report; and reviewing management's administration of the system of internal accounting controls. 
 CONFLICTS OF INTEREST - GENERAL . 
 Our directors and officers are, or may become, in their individual capacities, officers, directors, controlling shareholder and/or partners of other entities engaged in a variety of businesses. Thus, there exist potential conflicts of interest including, among other things, time, efforts, and corporate opportunity involved in participation with such other business entities. While each officer and director of our business is engaged in business activities outside of our business, they devote to our business such time as they believe to be necessary. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST - CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES 

 Presently no requirement
contained in our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, or minutes which requires
officers and directors of our business to disclose to us business opportunities
which come to their attention. Our officers and directors do, however, have a
fiduciary duty of loyalty to us to disclose to us any business opportunities
which come to their attention, in their capacity as an officer and/or director
or otherwise. Excluded from this duty would be opportunities which the person
learns about through his involvement as an officer and director of another
company. We have no intention of merging with or acquiring an affiliate,
associate person or business opportunity from any affiliate or any client of
any such person. 
 -37- 

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING
COMPLIANCE 

Section 16(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act requires our Officers and Directors, and persons who
own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities, to file
reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors,
and greater than 10 shareholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us
with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on our review of
copies of such reports received, and representations from certain reporting
persons, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015, all
Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and
greater than 10 beneficial owners had not been filed in compliance with all
applicable requirements. Further the Company is aware that greater than 10 
beneficial owners Top Growth Holdings Group, Inc., Mr. Yeung Cheuk Hung and Mr.
Po Shu Michael Choy had also not complied with the
Section 16(a) filing requirements. 

CODE OF ETHICS 

Due to the limited scope of our current operations, we have not adopted a corporate code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal accounting officer, or persons performing similar function. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets
forth certain information concerning compensation paid by the Company to its
sole officer for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013 (the
 Named Executive Officers ): 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name Position 

Year 

Salary 
 
 ) 

Bonus 
 
 ) 

Stock awards 
 
 ) 

Option awards 
 
 ) 

Non-equity incentive plan compensation 
 
 ) 

Non-qualified deferred compensation earnings 
 
 ) 

All other compensation 
 
 ) 

Total 
 
 ) 

Yuen Ling Look 

2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

-0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

-0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

-0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

-0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

-0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

-0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

-0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

-0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

Ms. Look does not have a
compensation agreement with the Company at this time. 

EMPLOYMENT AND CONSULTING AGREEMENTS

There
were no employment contracts or consulting agreements with our directors or officers
during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015. 

-38- 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

The following table sets
forth certain information concerning compensation paid to the Company's
directors during the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2014: 

Name 

Year 

Fees earned or paid
 in cash 
 
 ) 

Stock awards ) 

Option awards ) 

Non-equity
 incentive plan compensation ) 

Nonqualified
 deferred compensation earnings 
 
 ) 

All other
 compensation ) 

Total 
 
 ) 

Yuen Ling Look 

2015 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

2014 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Siu Fong Kelly Yeung 

2015 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

2014 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Siu Lun Tong 

2015 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

2014 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

ITEM 12. SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER
MATTERS 

The
following tables set forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership
of our common stock, as of June 30, 2015, by: 

each person who is known by JV
Group to own beneficially more than 5 of the Company's outstanding common
stock, 

each of the Company's named
executive officers and directors, and 

all executive officers and
directors as a group. 

Shares
of common stock not outstanding but deemed beneficially owned by virtue of the
right of an individual to acquire the shares of common stock within 60 days are
treated as outstanding only when determining the amount and percentage of
common stock owned by such individual. Except as noted below the table, each
person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common
stock shown. 

 -39- 

NAME
 AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER (1) 

NUMBER
 OF 
 SHARES 

PERCENT
 OF 
 OUTSTANDING(4) 

Yuen Ling Look (2) 
 
 President and Director 

13,108,000 

13.25 

Top Growth Holdings Group, Inc. (2) 

13,108,000 

13.25 

Siu Fong Kelly Yeung 
 
 Director 

0 

0 

Siu Lun Tong 
 
 Director 

0 

0 

Yeung Cheuk Hung (3) 

60,000,000 

60.67 

Po Shu Michael Choy 

25,000,000 

25.28 

All executive officers and directors
 as a group, 3 people. 

13,108,000 

13.25 

(1) 
The above officers and directors'
address is c/o JV Group, Inc. 7609 Ralston Road, Arvada, Colorado, 80002. 

 (2) 
Ms. Look is the beneficial owner
of Top Growth Holdings Group, Inc., which holds 13,108,000 shares of the
Company's common stock. 

 (3) 
Mr. Hung is a manager of Prestige,
the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary. 

 (4) 
Based on 98,879,655 shares of the
Company's common stock issued and outstanding at June 30, 2015. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

During the years ended June
30, 2015 and 2014, Mr. Yeung Cheuk Hung, the manager of Prestige and the
majority shareholder of the Company, has advanced funds of 347,904 and 90,171,
respectively, to support the operations of Prestige. During the year ended June
30, 2015, the Company paid Mr. Hung, 0 on the funds owed. The Company owes
him 1,265,461 and 917,556 as of June 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Such
funds are unsecured, bear no interest, and are due on demand. 

During the years ended June
30, 2015 and 2014, Ms. Look, an officer and director of the Company and the
manager of Mega, advanced funds of 47,935 and 37,831, respectively to Mega to
support operations. Ms. Look is owed 216,589 and 168,653 as of June 30, 2015
and 2014, respectively. Such funds are unsecured, bear no interest, and are due
on demand. 

 During the years ended June
30, 2015 and 2014, Top Growth Holdings Group, Inc., an affiliate and entity of
which Ms. Look, an officer and director of the Company, advanced 0 and 0,
respectively to the Company. At
June 30, 2015, Top Growth Holdings Group, Inc. is owed 0. 

 On September 8, 2011,
Prestige entered into an Agreement with Huge Earn Investments Limited Huge
Earn to purchase certain leaseholds in exchange for 25,000,000 of shares of
the Company's restricted common stock and a 450,000 promissory note with
anticipated due date of six months from issuance. At the direction of Huge
Earn, the promissory note and the
 
 -40- 

shares were issued to Po Shu Michael Choy,
making him an affiliate of the Company. The promissory note was due on March
1, 2012, but Mr. Choy has deferred any default call, due to his position as a
significant shareholder. At the time of this filing, the promissory note is
still outstanding. The promissory note does not accrue interest. 

 Director Independence 

Our board of directors
undertook its annual review of the independence of the directors and considered
whether any director had a material relationship with us or our management that
could compromise his ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out
his responsibilities. As a result of this review, the board of directors
affirmatively determined that Ms. Yeung and Mr. Tong are each independent as
such term is used under the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Ms. Ling, as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of
the Company, is not considered to be independent. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES 

 GENERAL. RBSM, LLC RBSM is the Company's independent registered public accounting firm. The Company's
Board of Directors has considered whether the provisions of audit services are
compatible with maintaining RBSM's independence. The engagement of our
independent registered public accounting firm was approved by our board of
directors functioning as our audit committee prior to the start of the audit of
our consolidated financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2015. 

The following table
represents aggregate fees billed to the Company for the years ended June 30, 2015
and 2014. 

Year Ended June 30, 

2015 

2014 

Audit Fees 

38,188 

27,250 

Audit-related Fees

0 

0 

Tax Fees 

0 

0 

All Other Fees 

0 

0 

Total Fees 

38,188 

27,250 

All audit work was performed
by the auditors' full time employees. 
 -41- 

PART
IV 

 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following is a complete list of exhibits filed as part of this
Form 10 K. Exhibit numbers correspond to the numbers in the Exhibit
Table of Item 601 of Regulation S K. 

EXHIBIT 
 
 NUMBER 

DESCRIPTION 

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization Into
 Holding Company 

2.2 

Acquisition Agreement By and Among ASPI, Inc. and
 Prestige Prime Office, Ltd. and Its Shareholders 

10.1 

Agreement
 by and between Prestige Prime Office, Ltd. and Huge Earn Investments Limited,
 dated September 8, 2011 

21.1 

Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant 

31.1 

Certification
 of Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

32.1 

Certification
 of Principal Executive and Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

101.INS 

XBRL
 Instance Document (1) 

101.SCH 

XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (1) 

101.CAL 

XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (1) 

101.DEF 

XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (1) 

101.LAB 

XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (1) 

101.PRE 

XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (1) 

(1) 
 Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this interactive data file is
 deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for
 purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not
 filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and
 otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

Filed herewith. 

Filed as an Exhibit to the Current
Report on Form 8K filed with the SEC on July 2, 2009. 

Filed as an Exhibit to the Current
Report on Form 8K filed with the SEC on September 10, 2010. 

Filed as an Exhibit to the Current
Report on Form 8K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2011. 

 -42- 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

JV GROUP, INC. 

Date: December 14, 2015 

By:
/s/ Yuen Ling Look 

Yuen Ling Look, President, 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Dated:
 December 14, 2015 

JV
 GROUP, INC. 

/s/ Yuen Ling Look 

Yuen
 Ling Look, Director 

/s/ Siu Fong Kelly Yueng 

Siu
 Fong Kelly Yeung, Director 

/s/ Siu Lun Tong 

Siu Lun Tong, Director 

-43-

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.1.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1 

SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 

I, Yuen Ling
Look, certify that: 

1. I have
reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of JV Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on
my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on
my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d.
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant's 4th quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

b.
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: December
14, 2015 

/s/ Yuen Ling Look 

Yuen Ling
Look, 

Chief
Executive, Principal Executive Officer 

Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32.1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of JV Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending June 30, 2015 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report I, Yuen
Ling Look, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the
best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: December
14, 2015 

/s/ Yuen Ling Look 

Yuen Ling
Look, 

Chief
Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer 

and
Principal Accounting Officer 

This
certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 aszp-20150630.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 aszp-20150630.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 aszp-20150630_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 aszp-20150630_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 aszp-20150630_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 aszp-20150630_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

