<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20150227_10-K_edgar_data_948708_0001193125-15-069548.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6992730</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>217428</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1590830</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1467616</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1773613</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1726389</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-15-069548.hdr.sgml : 20150227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20150227154532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-15-069548
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SMITH MICRO SOFTWARE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000948708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				330029027
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35525
		FILM NUMBER:		15658293

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		51 COLUMBIA
		CITY:			ALISO VIEJO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92656
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9493625800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		51 COLUMBIA
		CITY:			ALISO VIEJO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92656

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-15-069548.txt : 20150228

10-K
 1
 d841063d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 10-K

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from
 to
 
 Commission File Number 01-35525 
 
 SMITH MICRO SOFTWARE, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 
 33-0029027 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

51 Columbia, Aliso Viejo, CA 
 
 92656 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (949) 362-5800 

Common Stock, .001 par value 
 
 The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
 (NASDAQ Global Market) 
 
 (Title of each class) 
 
 (Name of each exchange on which registered) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Common Stock, .001 par value 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
 YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K Indicate by check mark if whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated
filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of accelerated filer and large accelerated filer in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). YES NO 
 As of June 30, 2014, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, the aggregate market value of
the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates was 34,209,212 based upon the closing sale price of such stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market on that date. For purposes of such calculation, only executive officers, board members,
and beneficial owners of more than 10 of the registrant s outstanding common stock are deemed to be affiliates. As of
February 20, 2015, there were 45,004,146 shares of common stock outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 are incorporated by reference in Part III of this report. 

Table of Contents 

 SMITH MICRO SOFTWARE, INC. 
 2014 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 10 

Item 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 19 

Item 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 19 

Item 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 19 

Item 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 19 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

20 

Item 6. 
 
 SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 23 

Item 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 24 

Item 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 34 

Item 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 35 

Item 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 35 

Item 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 35 

Item 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 36 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 37 

Item 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 39 

Item 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 39 

Item 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 39 

Item 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 39 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 40 

SIGNATURES 
 
 44 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 In this document, the terms Smith Micro, Company, we, us, and our refer to Smith Micro
Software, Inc. and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. This report contains forward-looking statements regarding Smith Micro which include, but
are not limited to, statements concerning projected revenues, expenses, gross profit and income, the competitive factors affecting our business, market acceptance of products, customer concentration, the success and timing of new product
introductions and the protection of our intellectual property. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs, and certain assumptions made by us. Words
such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, predicts, potential, believes, seeks, estimates, should, may, 
 will and variations of these words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include the assumptions underlying or relating to any of the foregoing statements. These
statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, our actual results could differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied in any
forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 

our customer concentration given that the majority of our sales depend on a few large client relationships, including Sprint; 

the risk of being delisted from the NASDAQ Global Select Market if we fail to meet any of the listing requirements; 

changes in demand for our products from our key customers and their end-users; 

the intensity of the competition and our ability to successfully compete; 

the pace at which the market for new products develop; 

our ability to hire and retain key personnel; 

the availability of third party intellectual property and licenses which may not be on commercially reasonable terms, or not at all; 

our ability to establish and maintain strategic relationships with our customers; 

our quarterly revenues and operating results are difficult to predict and could fall below analyst or investor expectations, which could cause the price of our common stock to fall; 

our ability to protect our intellectual property and our ability to not infringe on the rights of others; 

our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations and such capital may not be available to us at commercially reasonable terms or at all; 

security and privacy breaches in our systems may damage client relations and inhibit our ability to grow; 

interruptions or delays in the services we provide from our data center hosting facilities could harm our business; and 

those additional factors which are listed under the section 1A. Risk Factors beginning on page 10 of this report. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this report are made on the basis of the views and assumptions of management regarding future events and
business performance as of the date this report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We do not undertake any obligation to update these statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date
this report is filed. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. 
 BUSINESS General 
 Smith Micro provides software solutions to simplify and enhance the mobile experience. As a leader in wireless connectivity, our applications
ensure the best Quality of Experience for mobile users while optimizing networks for wireless service providers and enterprises. Using our intelligent policy-on-device platform, along with premium voice, video and content monetization services, we
create new opportunities to engage consumers and capitalize on the growth of connected devices. In addition to wireless and mobility software, Smith Micro develops and distributes personal, professional and educational productivity and graphics
products and tools for consumers, artists, animators and designers worldwide. Over the past three decades, the Company has developed deep
expertise in embedded software for networked devices, policy-based management platforms, and highly-scalable mobile applications and hosted services. For organizations struggling to reduce costs and complexity in the fragmented, rapidly evolving
mobile market, Smith Micro offers proven solutions that increase reliability and efficiency while accelerating delivery and value of mobile services to consumers. 
 The proliferation of mobile broadband technology continues to provide new opportunities for Smith Micro on a global scale. Smith Micro s
mission is to help our customers thrive in a connected world with software solutions that: 

1. 
 Simplify wireless connectivity to reduce costs and deliver best-connected experiences; 

2. 
 Optimize network and device resources for maximum performance, efficiency and flexibility; 

3. 
 Provide greater insight and control over the quality of service QoS delivered to users; and 

4. 
 Engage and grow high-value relationships with end customers using mobile devices. The Company
was incorporated in California in November 1983, and reincorporated in Delaware in June 1995. Our principal executive offices are located at 51 Columbia, Aliso Viejo, California 92656. Our telephone number is (949) 362-5800. Our website address
is www.smithmicro.com. Our NASDAQ symbol is SMSI, and we make our SEC filings available on the Investor Relations page of our website. Information contained on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Business Segments Our
operations are organized into two business segments: Wireless and Productivity Graphics. We do not separately allocate operating expenses, nor do we allocate specific assets to these groups. Therefore, segment information reported
includes only revenues and cost of revenues. See Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for financial information related to our business segments and geographical information. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Wireless 
 The wireless industry continues to undergo rapid change on all fronts, from the growing expanse of heterogeneous networks, to the vast array of
connected devices, to the endless barrage of mobile applications and digital content especially video consumed by users who want information and entertainment anytime, anywhere. While most of us think about being connected 
in terms of computers, tablets and smartphones, the emerging Internet of Things IoT market is creating a world where almost anything can be connected to the wireless internet. 
 Although the opportunities associated with pervasive connectivity are plenty, so are the challenges: 

Complexity, congestion and spectrum scarcity plague wireless networks, making mobile data access inconsistent, unreliable and expensive for consumers and businesses. 

Mobile Network Operators are being marginalized by over-the-top applications, social networks and Wi-Fi providers as they struggle to differentiate while facing tremendous price pressure. 

Enterprises face increasing pressure to mobilize workforces, operations and customer engagement, but lack the expertise and technologies needed to leverage mobile securely and cost-effectively. 

Consumers - frustrated by complicated, slow and restrictive access to wireless data services seek simpler, more personalized mobile experiences. 
 To address these challenges, Smith Micro offers three product families that help our customers connect, control and capitalize on
the mobile internet: QuickLink applications for connecting consumer and machine-to-machine M2M devices to 3G, 4G
and Wi-Fi networks, easily and reliably, while managing their data usage. NetWise policy-on-device platform for controlling
device behavior, optimizing data traffic, engaging mobile users, and improving quality of experience over wireless networks. 
 CommSuite premium voice, messaging and video services that allow operators and enterprises to flexibly deliver and monetize apps
and content. Our QuickLink connectivity solutions have been shipped on more than 100 million devices worldwide. Many of the
world s largest mobile network operators, including AT T, Bell Canada, Orange, Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, and Vodafone, have offered QuickLink as a white-label connection management application to their subscribers. QuickLink
components are embedded by leading chipset manufacturers and module makers to ensure that connectivity is consistent across device types. QuickLink is also used by enterprises and public sector organizations with mobile workforces to provide
enhanced security and configurability over public and private wireless networks. NetWise provides visibility and control over 3G, 4G and
Wi-Fi network connections to ensure the best possible quality of experience for end users. NetWise helps operators reduce congested cellular networks with efficient Wi-Fi offload, while also facilitating Wi-Fi on-load for broadband providers who are
extending services outside of the home. Used by several Tier 1 operators and broadband providers in the U.S., Latin America and Asia, NetWise provides the device intelligence and a management platform to maximize service uptake and performance. For
retailers and other consumer service providers, NetWise offers a new way to engage consumers with more personalized, context-based mobile promotions. 
 The CommSuite premium services platform gives operators new ways to drive revenues and better compete with over-the-top OTT applications. It offers innovative features, such as Voice-to-Text transcription, Avatar messaging, and Videomail, while supporting flexible business models, including freemium try-and-buy offers, monthly subscriptions, content
purchases, and ad-sponsored user engagement. CommSuite also enables efficient, high-performance streaming of mobile video content for entertainment, hospitality, large venues, and other industries. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Over the past three decades, Smith Micro has developed unmatched expertise in mobile device
software, integration to operator services, and wireless industry standards. Our ability to customize solutions that meet stringent reliability and security requirements for Tier 1 operators makes us the preferred choice for any company that wants
more out of mobile. Productivity Graphics 
 The Productivity Graphics group develops a variety of software, including graphic design and animation, compression and PC/Mac
utilities, for consumers, professional artists, and educators. This group also republishes and markets third-party software that complements the Company s existing line of products. These products are available through direct sales on Smith
Micro websites (smithmicro.com, mysmithmicro.com and contentparadise.com), as well as through affiliate websites, resellers and retail outlets. 
 The group s primary focus is its line of graphic titles, in particular Poser ,
Anime Studio , Manga Studio and MotionArtist . These products are aimed at digital artists and designers of all skill levels,
helping them to produce professional quality animations, comics, and other 2D and 3D art. Poser is the industry leading tool for 3D human figure design and animation. Anime Studio is used by both hobbyists and professional artists working for
high-end animation studios in the motion picture industry, and Manga Studio is at the top of the market for comic illustration software, used by famous graphic novelists such as Dave Gibbons, the author of the Watchmen. The group is enhancing and
mobilizing these solutions to extend to new markets including gaming, industrial design, digital content, and more. Products and
Services Our primary products consist of the following: 

Product Groups 
 
 Products 
 
 Description 

Wireless 
 
 QuickLink Mobile 
 
 Connection management application to control, customize and automate wireless connections from PCs and Macs to WWAN and WLAN/Wi-Fi networks 

QuickLink Mobility 
 
 Mobile VPN and connection manager targeted to enterprises with mobile workforces and the public sector 

QuickLink Zero 
 
 Streamlined connectivity for mobile hotspot features on smartphones and mobile broadband devices, with billing integration, automated diagnostics, usage metering and data management 

QuickLink MiTile 
 
 Connection manager for Microsoft Windows 8 devices 

QuickLink MBIM Middleware 
 
 Customizable drivers that support the Mobile Broadband Interface Model MBIM standard for connecting USB devices to a variety of operating systems 

NetWise Director 
 
 Intelligent traffic management for data offload and seamless, secure access to 3G/4G/Wi-Fi networks 

NetWise I/O 
 
 A toolkit for testing client/server interoperability using the ANDSF networking standard 

NetWise SmartSpot 
 
 Wi-Fi discoverability, promotion and automated authentication 

NetWise Captivate 
 
 Mobile marketing platform that uses real-time conditions, events, location and analytics to better engage customers 

NetWise FOTA 
 
 Lightweight device agent and deployment server for updating Firmware Over The Air FOTA 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

CommSuite PTT 
 
 A push-to-talk PTT data service that uses a mobile Internet connection to send and receive walkie-talkie style calls 

CommSuite VVM 
 
 Visual Voicemail VVM delivered directly to a mobile phone app and managed like email 

CommSuite VTT 
 
 Voice-to-Text VTT transcription of voicemail and voice SMS messages 

CommSuite Avatars 
 
 Talking Avatars that let users lip-synch a message with voice effects, backgrounds, stickers and photos to personalize mobile communications 

CommSuite VIDIO 
 
 Adaptive streaming of live or pre-recorded video content to support mobile viewing across laptops, tablets, phones, TVs, and more 

CommSuite Videomail 
 
 Creation of video messages that can be delivered to any user via phone, SMS, email or web link, with no client software required 

AniMates 
 
 Mobile messaging app for iOS and Android smartphones that lets users send personalized Avatar messages with fun voice effects and backgrounds 

Productivity Graphics 
 
 Poser 
 
 3D animation software for character art, animation and digital design 

Poser Pro Game Dev 
 
 3D character creator and animation tools, plus real-time ready character content to game and interactive content developers to reduce game development time and improve the overall game experience 

Anime Studio 
 
 2D animation software for digital artists 

Manga Studio 
 
 Graphics software for creating manga and comic art 

MotionArtist 
 
 A fast, easy solution for creating interactive presentations 

ScatterShow 
 
 Creates slide shows from photo albums on mobile devices 

StuffIt Deluxe 
 
 A patented, lossless compression solution for documents and media 

Sock Puppets 
 
 iOS app to create lip-synched cartoons and share them on Facebook and YouTube 
 Marketing and Sales Strategy 
 Because of our broad product portfolio, deep integration experience, and flexible business models, we can quickly bring to market innovative
solutions that support our customers needs to create new revenue opportunities and differentiate their products and services among their competitors. 
 Our sales strategy is as follows: 
 Leverage Operator and OEM Relationships. We continue to capitalize on our strong relationships with the world s leading mobile
network operators MNOs ), multiple service operators MSOs ), and device manufacturers. These customers serve as our primary distribution channel, providing access to hundreds of millions of end-users around the world. 
 Focus on High-Growth Markets. We continue to focus on wireless connectivity solutions and premium mobile services, taking advantage of
expanding 4G and Wi-Fi networks, as well as the explosive growth of smartphones, tablets, M2M and other mobile devices. Expand our
Customer Base. In addition to growing business with current customers, we are adding new customers through reseller partners and increased penetration of the enterprise market, with particular focus on public safety, retail, and vertical markets
utilizing M2M technologies. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Selectively Pursue Partners with Complementary Products and Services. We continue to
pursue partnerships to help us enter new markets and extend our geographic reach. We will engage technology providers and systems integrators to deliver more comprehensive solutions to our customers. 
 Revenues to Sprint and their respective affiliates in the Wireless business segment accounted for 68.0 of the Company s total revenues
for the fiscal year 2014. Revenues to FastSpring in the Productivity Graphics business segment accounted for 11.2 of the Company s total revenues for the fiscal year 2014. Revenues to two customers (Sprint and Verizon Wireless) and
their respective affiliates in the Wireless business segment accounted for 53.1 and 13.0 , respectively, of the Company s total revenues for the fiscal year 2013. Revenues to FastSpring in the Productivity Graphics business segment
accounted for 11.4 of the Company s total revenues for the fiscal year 2013. In 2012, our two largest customers (Sprint and Verizon Wireless) accounted for 40.7 and 20.5 , respectively, of our total revenues. Our major customers could reduce
their orders of our products in favor of a competitor s product or for any other reason. The loss of any of our major customers or decisions by a significant customer to substantially reduce purchases could have a material adverse effect on our
business. Customer Service and Technical Support 
 We provide technical support and customer service through our online knowledge base, via email and live chat. OEM customers generally provide
their own primary customer support functions and rely on us for support to their own technical support personnel. Product Development
 The software industry, particularly the wireless market, is characterized by rapid and frequent changes in technology and user needs.
We work closely with industry groups and customers, both current and potential, to help us anticipate changes in technology and determine future customer needs. Software functionality depends upon the capabilities of the hardware. Accordingly, we
maintain engineering relationships with various hardware manufacturers and we develop our software in tandem with their product development. Our engineering relationships with manufacturers, as well as with our major customers, are central to our
product development efforts. We remain focused on the development and expansion of our technology, particularly in the wireless space. Research and development expenditures amounted to 14.2 million, 21.3 million, and 24.8 million for the years
ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Manufacturing 
 Although we primarily deliver our software via electronic downloads, we do deliver our software in several other forms. We offer a package or
kit that may include CD-ROMs and certain other documentation or marketing material. We also permit selected OEM customers to duplicate our products on their own CD-ROMs, USB devices, or embedded devices, and pay a royalty based on usage. Some OEM
business requires that we provide a CD, which includes a soft copy of a user guide. Finally, we grant licenses to certain OEM customers that enable those customers to preload a copy of our software onto a personal computer. With the enterprise sales
program, we offer site licenses under which a corporate user is allowed to distribute copies of the software to users within their corporate sites. 
 Our product development group produces a product master for each product that is then duplicated and packaged into products by the
manufacturing organization. All product components are purchased by our personnel in our Aliso Viejo, California facility. Our manufacturing is subcontracted to outside vendors and includes the replication of CD-ROMs and the printing of
documentation materials. Assembly of the final package is completed by our Aliso Viejo, California facility. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and subject to rapid changes in technology. These conditions create new opportunities
for Smith Micro, as well as for our competitors, and we expect new competitors to enter the market. We will not only compete with other software vendors for new customer contracts, we will also compete to acquire technology and qualified personnel.
 We believe that the principal competitive factors affecting the mobile software market include domain expertise, product features,
usability, quality, price, customer service and effective sales and marketing efforts. Although we believe that our products currently compete favorably with respect to these factors, there can be no assurance that we can maintain our competitive
position against current and potential competitors. We also believe that the market for our software products has been and will continue to be characterized by significant price competition. A material reduction in the price of our products could
negatively affect our profitability. Many existing and potential customers have the resources to develop products that compete directly
with our products. These customers may discontinue the purchase of our products. Our future performance is substantially dependent upon the extent to which existing customers elect to purchase software from us rather than design and develop their
own software. Proprietary Rights and Licenses 
 Our success and ability to compete is dependent upon our software code base, our programming methodologies and other intellectual properties.
To protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property, we rely on a combination of trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements, patents, copyright and trademark law that may afford only limited protection. As of December 31, 2014, we
owned 85 issued U.S. patents and have 20 U.S. patent applications that are currently pending. These patents are intended to provide generalized protection of our intellectual property technology base and we will continue to apply for various patents
and trademarks in the future as we deem necessary to protect our intellectual property technology base. We seek to avoid unauthorized use
and disclosure of our proprietary intellectual property by requiring employees and consultants with access to our proprietary information to execute confidentiality agreements with us and by restricting access to our source code. The deterrent steps
that we have taken to protect our proprietary technology may not be adequate to deter misappropriation of our proprietary information or prevent the successful assertion of any adverse claim against us relating to software or intellectual property
utilized by us. In addition, we may not be able to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights or take effective steps to enforce those rights. 
 In selling our products, we primarily rely on shrink wrap licenses that are not signed by licensees and may be unenforceable under
the laws of certain jurisdictions. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the United States. Accordingly, the means we currently use to protect and enforce all of
our proprietary rights and intellectual property rights may not be adequate. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop competitive technology similar to ours. We also license technology on a
 non-exclusive basis from several companies for inclusion in our products and anticipate that we will continue to do so in the future. If we are unable to continue to license these technologies or to license
other necessary technologies for inclusion in our products, or such third party technologies become subject to claims directed to or against the third party technologies used by us, or if we experience substantial increases in royalty payments under
these third party licenses, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2014, we had a total of 183 employees within the following departments: 110 in engineering, 37 in sales and marketing,
16 in operations and customer support and 20 in management and administration. We are not subject to any collective bargaining agreement and we believe that our relationships with our employees are good. 

Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS Our future operating results are highly uncertain. Before deciding to
invest in our common stock or to maintain or increase your investment, you should carefully consider the risks described below, in addition to the other information contained in this report and in our other filings with the SEC, including our
reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business
operations. If any of these risks actually occur, that could seriously harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. In that event, the market price for our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your
investment. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from sales of a small number of products to Sprint, so our revenues and
operating results are highly vulnerable to shifts in demand and may decline. In our Wireless business segment, we sell primarily
to large carriers, cable operators, and original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), so there are a limited number of actual and potential customers for our products, resulting in customer concentration for sales of our products and
services. For the year ended December 31, 2014, sales to Sprint and their affiliates comprised 68.0 of our total revenues. Because of our customer concentration, this carrier and other large customers may have significant pricing power
over us, and any material decrease in sales to any of them would materially affect our revenues and profitability. Additionally, carriers, cable operators, and OEMs are not the end-users of our products. If any of their efforts to market
products and services incorporating our software are unsuccessful in the marketplace, our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected. 
 On July 10, 2013, Softbank and Sprint Nextel completed a merger which could further intensify the competitive pressures that we
face. Furthermore, the uncertainties created by this merger could cause it to delay or cancel planned purchases of our products and services, particularly if there are proposed changes or uncertainties in the future management, product
offerings and technical specifications of Sprint and its product portfolio. We also derive a significant portion of our revenues from a
few vertical markets, such as wireless carriers, cable operators, and handset manufacturers. In order to sustain and grow our business, we must continue to sell our software products into these vertical markets. Shifts in the dynamics of these
vertical markets, such as new product introductions by our competitors, could materially harm our results of operations, financial condition and prospects. To increase our sales outside our core vertical markets, for example to large enterprises,
requires us to devote time and resources to hire and train sales employees familiar with those industries. Even if we are successful in hiring and training sales teams, customers in other vertical markets may not need or sufficiently value our
current products or new product introductions. In 2014, we announced a restructuring plan and we may take additional restructuring
actions in the future that would result in additional charges, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations in the period the action is taken. 
 On May 6, 2014, the Board of Directors approved a plan of restructuring intended to streamline and flatten the Company s
organization, reduce overall headcount by approximately 20 and reduce its overall cost 
 10 

Table of Contents 

structure by approximately 2.0 million per quarter. This resulted in a special one-time restructuring charge of 1.8 million that was recorded in the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2014. At
the same time, we increased our 2013 restructuring reserve by 0.6 million to update and adjust our lease termination cost assumptions. If the demand for our legacy and new products does not increase, we may need to take additional restructuring
actions in future quarters, although we currently do not have any intention to do so. If future restructuring actions are taken, this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations in the period that the
action is taken. If we fail to meet the requirements for continued listing on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, our common stock
would likely be delisted from trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, which could adversely affect the liquidity of our common stock and cause our trading price to decline. 
 Our common stock is currently listed for quotation on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. We are required to meet specified financial requirements
in order to maintain our listing on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. If we fail to satisfy the NASDAQ Global Select Market s continued listing requirements, our common stock would likely be delisted from the NASDAQ Global Select Market, in
which case our common stock may trade on the OTC Bulletin Board. Any potential delisting of our common stock from the NASDAQ Global Select Market would likely result in decreased liquidity and increased volatility of our common stock, and would
likely cause our trading price to decline. During 2014, the Company no longer met the requirement of NASDAQ Rule 5450(b)(1)(A), which
requires companies listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market to maintain a minimum of 10,000,000 in stockholders equity for continued listing (the Minimum Stockholders Equity Rule ). As a result of the proceeds from
the Company s private placement stock offering, the Company regained compliance with the Minimum Stockholders Equity Rule. Also in 2014, the Company failed to comply with Nasdaq s Marketplace Rule 5450(a)(1) because the bid price for
the Company s common stock over a 30 consecutive business day period had closed below the minimum 1.00 per share requirement for continued listing. The Company regained compliance in January 2015 after the stock price closed above 1.00 per
share for 10 consecutive business days. There can be no assurance that the Company will in the future maintain compliance with the Minimum
Stockholders Equity Rule, the minimum 1.00 per share rule, or other requirements for continued listing on NASDAQ. Our
quarterly revenues and operating results are difficult to predict and could fall below analyst or investor expectations, which could cause the price of our common stock to fall. 
 Our quarterly revenues and operating results have fluctuated significantly in the past and may continue to vary from quarter to quarter due to
a number of factors, many of which are not within our control. If our operating results do not meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price may decline. Fluctuations in our operating results may be due to a number of
factors, including the following: 

the gain or loss of a key customer; 

the size and timing of orders from and shipments to our major customers; 

the size and timing of any product return requests; 

our ability to maintain or increase gross margins; 

variations in our sales channels or the mix of our product sales; 

our ability to anticipate market needs and to identify, develop, complete, introduce, market and produce new products and technologies in a timely manner to address those needs; 

the availability and pricing of competing products and technologies and the resulting effect on sales and pricing of our products; 

acquisitions; 
 11 

Table of Contents 

the effect of new and emerging technologies; 

the timing of acceptance of new mobile services by users of our customers services; 

deferrals of orders by our customers in anticipation of new products, applications, product enhancements or operating systems; and 

general economic and market conditions. We have difficulty predicting the volume and timing of
orders. In any given quarter, our sales have involved, and we expect will continue to involve, large financial commitments from a relatively small number of customers. As a result, the cancellation or deferral of even a small number of orders would
reduce our revenues, which would adversely affect our quarterly financial performance. Also, we have often recorded a large amount of our sales in the last month of the quarter and often in the last week of that month. Accordingly, delays in the
closing of sales near the end of a quarter could cause quarterly revenues to fall substantially short of anticipated levels. Significant sales may also occur earlier than expected, which could cause operating results for later quarters to compare
unfavorably with operating results from earlier quarters. Future orders may come from new customers, or from existing customers for new
products. The sales cycles may be greater than what we have experienced in the past, increasing the difficulty to predict quarterly revenues. 
 Because we sell primarily to large carriers and OEM customers, we have no direct relationship with most end-users of our products. This
indirect relationship delays feedback and blurs signals of change in the quick-to-evolve wireless ecosystem, and is one of the reasons we have difficulty predicting demand. 
 A large portion of our operating expenses, including rent, depreciation and amortization, is fixed and difficult to reduce or change.
Accordingly, if our total revenue does not meet our expectations, we may not be able to adjust our expenses quickly enough to compensate for the shortfall in revenue. In that event, our business, financial condition and results of operations would
be materially and adversely affected. Due to all of the foregoing factors, and the other risks discussed in this report, you should not
rely on quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results as an indication of future performance. Technology and customer
needs change rapidly in our market, which could render our products obsolete and negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our success depends on our ability to anticipate and adapt to changes in technology and industry standards. We will also need to continue to
develop and introduce new and enhanced products to meet our target markets changing demands, keep up with evolving industry standards, including changes in the Microsoft, Google and Apple operating systems with which our products are designed
to be compatible, and to promote those products successfully. The communications and utilities software markets in which we operate are characterized by rapid technological change, changing customer needs, frequent new product introductions,
evolving industry standards and short product life cycles. In addition, the technology we market, which has been sold as software in the past, can be integrated at the chipset level by the leading mobile chipset manufacturers. Any of these factors
could render our existing products obsolete and unmarketable. In addition, new products and product enhancements can require long development and testing periods as a result of the complexities inherent in today s computing environments and the
performance demanded by customers and called for by evolving wireless networking technologies. If our target markets do not develop as we anticipate, our products do not gain widespread acceptance in these markets, or we are unable to develop new
versions of our software products that can operate on future wireless networks and PC and mobile device operating systems and interoperate with other popular applications, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be
materially and adversely affected. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Competition within our target markets is intense and includes numerous established
competitors and new entrants, which could negatively affect our revenues and results of operations. We operate in markets that are
extremely competitive and subject to rapid changes in technology. Because there are low barriers to entry into the software markets in which we participate and may participate in the future, we expect significant competition to continue from both
established and emerging software companies in the future, both domestic and international. In fact, our growth opportunities in new product markets could be limited to the extent established and emerging software companies enter or have entered
those markets. Furthermore, our existing and potential OEM customers may acquire or develop products that compete directly with our products. 
 Many of our other current and prospective competitors have significantly greater financial, marketing, service, support, technical and other
resources than we do. As a result, they may be able to adapt more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements or to devote greater resources to the promotion and sale of their products. Announcements of
competing products by competitors could result in the cancellation of orders by customers in anticipation of the introduction of such new products. In addition, some of our competitors are currently making complementary products that are sold
separately. Such competitors could decide to enhance their competitive position by bundling their products to attract customers seeking integrated, cost-effective software applications. Some competitors have a retail emphasis and offer OEM products
with a reduced set of features. The opportunity for retail upgrade sales may induce these and other competitors to make OEM products available at their own cost or even at a loss. We also expect competition to increase as a result of software
industry consolidations, which may lead to the creation of additional large and well-financed competitors. Increased competition is likely to result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market share. 
 We are entering new, emerging markets in which we have limited experience; if these markets do not develop or we are unable to otherwise
succeed in them, our revenues will suffer and the price of our common stock will likely decline. Our recent and planned product
introductions to support new higher speed networking and 4G technologies have allowed us to enter new markets. A viable market for these products may not develop or be sustainable, and we may face intense competition in these markets. In addition,
our success in these markets depends on our carrier and MSO customers ability to successfully introduce new mobile services enabled by our products and our ability to broaden our carrier customer base, which we believe will be difficult and
time-consuming. If the expected benefits from entering new markets do not materialize, our revenues will suffer and the price of our common stock would likely decline. In addition, to the extent we enter new markets through acquisitions of companies
or technologies, our financial condition could be harmed or our stockholders could suffer dilution without a corresponding benefit to our company if we do not realize expected benefits of entering such new markets. 
 If the adoption of and investments in new technologies and services grows more slowly than anticipated in our product planning and
development, our operating results, financial condition and prospects may be negatively affected. If the adoption of and
investments in new networking and 4G technologies and services does not grow or grows more slowly than anticipated, we will not obtain the anticipated returns from our planning and development investments. We have introduced new high-speed
networking and 4G products, but the pace of the market introduction of such technologies is uncertain. Future sales and any future profits from these and related products are substantially dependent upon the acceptance and use of these new
technologies, and on the continued adoption and use of mobile data services by end-users. Many of our customers and other communications
service providers have made and continue to make major investments in next generation networks that are intended to support more complex applications. If communications service providers delay their deployment of networks or fail to deploy such
networks 
 13 

Table of Contents 

successfully, demand for our products could decline, which would adversely affect our revenues. Also, to the extent we devote substantial resources and incur significant expenses to enable our
products to be interoperable with new networks that have failed or have been delayed or not deployed, our operating results, financial condition and prospects may be negatively affected. 
 If we are unable to retain key personnel, the loss of their services could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Our future performance depends in significant part upon the continued service of our senior
management and other key technical and consulting personnel. We do not have employment agreements with our key employees that govern the length of their service. The loss of the services of our key employees would materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. Our future success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel, particularly highly skilled engineers involved in the ongoing research and
development required to develop and enhance our products. Competition for these employees remains high and employee retention is a common problem in our industry. Our inability to attract and retain the highly trained technical personnel that are
essential to our product development, marketing, service and support teams may limit the rate at which we can generate revenue, develop new products or product enhancements and generally would have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. We rely directly and indirectly on third-party intellectual property and licenses, which may
not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Many of the Company s products and services include third-party
intellectual property, which requires licenses from those third parties directly to us or to unrelated companies which provide us with sublicenses and/or execution of services for the operation of our business. These products and services
include our wireless suite of products as well as our productivity and graphics products. The Company has historically been able to obtain such licenses on reasonable terms. There is however no assurance that in the future the necessary licenses
could be obtained on acceptable terms or at all. If the Company or our third party service providers are unable to obtain or renew critical licenses on reasonable terms, we may be forced to terminate or curtail our products and services which
rely on such intellectual property and our financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. If we
fail to continue to establish and maintain strategic relationships with mobile device manufacturers, wireless carriers and network infrastructure manufacturers, market acceptance of our products and our profitability may suffer. 
 Most of our strategic relationships with mobile device manufacturers are not subject to written contract, but rather are in the form of
informal working relationships. We believe these relationships are valuable to our success. In particular, these relationships provide us with insights into product development and emerging technologies, which allows us to keep abreast of, or
anticipate, market trends and helps us serve our current and prospective customers. Because these relationships are not typically governed by written agreements, there is no obligation for many of our partners to continue working with us. If we are
unable to maintain our existing strategic relationships with mobile device manufacturers or if we fail to enter into additional strategic relationships or the parties with whom we have strategic relationships favor one of our competitors, our
ability to provide products that meet our current and prospective customers needs could be compromised and our reputation and future revenue prospects could suffer. For example, if our software does not function well with a popular mobile
device because we have not maintained a relationship with its manufacturer, carriers seeking to provide that device to their respective customers could choose a competitor s software over ours or develop their own. Even if we succeed in
establishing these relationships, they may not result in additional customers or revenues. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Our growth depends in part on our customers ability and willingness to promote
services and attract and retain new customers or achieve other goals outside of our control. We sell our products for use on
handheld devices primarily through our carrier customers. Losing the support of these customers may limit our ability to compete in existing and potential markets and could negatively affect our revenues. In addition, the success of these customers
and their ability and willingness to market services supported by our products is critical to our future success. Our ability to generate revenues from sales of our software is also constrained by our carrier customers ability to attract and
retain customers. We have no input into or influence upon their marketing efforts and sales and customer retention activities. If our large carrier customers fail to maintain or grow demand for their services, revenues or revenue growth from our
products designed for use on mobile devices will decline and our results of operations will suffer. Acquisitions of companies or
technologies may disrupt our business and divert management attention and cause our current operations to suffer. We have
historically made targeted acquisitions of smaller companies with important technology and expect to continue to do so in the future. As part of any acquisition, we will be required to assimilate the operations, products and personnel of the
acquired businesses and train, retain and motivate key personnel from the acquired businesses. We may not be able to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies if we fail in these efforts. Similarly, acquisitions may cause
disruptions in our operations and divert management s attention from our company s day-to-day operations, which could impair our relationships with our current employees, customers and strategic partners. Acquisitions may also subject us
to liabilities and risks that are not known or identifiable at the time of the acquisition. We may also have to incur debt or issue equity
securities in order to finance future acquisitions. Our financial condition could be harmed to the extent we incur substantial debt or use significant amounts of our cash resources in acquisitions. The issuance of equity securities for any
acquisition could be substantially dilutive to our existing stockholders. In addition, we expect our profitability could be adversely affected because of acquisition-related accounting costs, write offs, amortization expenses, and charges related to
acquired intangible assets. In consummating acquisitions, we are also subject to risks of entering geographic and business markets in which we have had limited or no prior experience. If we are unable to fully integrate acquired businesses, products
or technologies within existing operations, we may not receive the intended benefits of acquisitions. Our operating income or loss
may continue to change due to shifts in our sales mix and increased spending on our research and development. Our operating income
or loss can change quarter to quarter and year to year due to a change in our sales mix and the timing of our continued investments in research and development and infrastructure. We continue to invest in research and development which is the
lifeline of our technology portfolio. The timing of these additional expenses can vary significantly quarter to quarter and even from year to year. 
 Our products may contain undetected software defects, which could negatively affect our revenues. 
 Our software products are complex and may contain undetected defects. In the past, we have discovered software defects in certain of our
products and have experienced delayed or lost revenues during the period it took to correct these problems. Although we and our OEM customers test our products, it is possible that errors may be found or occur in our new or existing products after
we have commenced commercial shipment of those products. Defects, whether actual or perceived, could result in adverse publicity, loss of revenues, product returns, a delay in market acceptance of our products, loss of competitive position or claims
against us by customers. Any such problems could be costly to remedy and could cause interruptions, delays, or cessation of our product sales, which could cause us to lose existing or prospective customers and could negatively affect our results of
operations. In addition, some of our software contains open source components that are licensed under the GNU General Public License and similar open source 
 15 

Table of Contents 

licenses. These components may contain undetected defects or incompatibilities, may cause us to lose control over the development of portions of our software code, and may expose us to claims of
infringement if these components are, or incorporate, infringing materials, the licenses are not enforceable or are modified to become incompatible with other open source licenses, or exposure to misappropriation claims if these components include
unauthorized materials from a third party. Regulations affecting our customers and us and future regulations, to which they or we
may become subject to, may harm our business. Certain of our customers in the communications industry are subject to regulation by
the Federal Communications Commission, which could have an indirect effect on our business. In addition, the United States telecommunications industry has been subject to continuing deregulation since 1984. We cannot predict when, or upon what terms
and conditions, further regulation or deregulation might occur or the effect regulation or deregulation may have on demand for our products from customers in the communications industry. Demand for our products may be indirectly affected by
regulations imposed upon potential users of those products, which may increase our costs and expenses. We may be unable to
adequately protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, which could negatively impact our revenues. Our success
is dependent upon our software code base, our programming methodologies and other intellectual properties and proprietary rights. In order to protect our proprietary technology, we rely on a combination of trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements,
patents, and copyright and trademark law. We currently own U.S. trademark registrations for certain of our trademarks and U.S. patents for certain of our technologies. However, these measures afford us only limited protection. Furthermore, we rely
primarily on shrink wrap licenses that are not signed by the end user and, therefore, may be unenforceable under the laws of certain jurisdictions. Accordingly, it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise obtain our rights
without our authorization. It is also possible that third parties may independently develop technologies similar to ours. It may be difficult for us to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property and proprietary rights. 
 We may be subject to claims of intellectual property infringement as the number of trademarks, patents, copyrights and other intellectual
property rights asserted by companies in our industry grows and the coverage of these patents and other rights and the functionality of software products increasingly overlap. From time to time, we have received communications from third parties
asserting that our trade name or features, content, or trademarks of certain of our products infringe upon intellectual property rights held by such third parties. We have also received correspondence from third parties separately asserting that our
products may infringe on certain patents held by each of the parties. Although we are not aware that any of our products infringe on the proprietary rights of others, third parties may claim infringement by us with respect to our current or future
products. Additionally, our customer agreements require that we indemnify our customers for infringement claims made by third parties involving our intellectual property embedded in their products. Infringement claims, whether with or without merit,
could result in time-consuming and costly litigation, divert the attention of our management, cause product shipment delays or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements with third parties. If we are required to enter into royalty or
licensing agreements, they may not be on terms that are acceptable to us. Unfavorable royalty or licensing agreements could seriously impair our ability to market our products. 
 We may raise additional capital through the issuance of additional equity or convertible debt securities or by borrowing money, in order
to meet our capital needs. Additional funds may not be available on terms acceptable to us to allow us to meet our capital needs. 
 We believe that the cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments on hand and the cash we expect to generate from operations will be
sufficient to meet our capital needs for at least the next twelve months. However, it is possible that we may need or choose to obtain additional financing to fund our activities in the future. We could raise these funds by selling more stock to the
public or to selected investors, or by borrowing money. We may not be able to obtain additional funds on favorable terms, or at all. If adequate 
 16 

Table of Contents 

funds are not available, we may be required to curtail our operations or other business activities significantly or to obtain funds through arrangements with strategic partners or others that may
require us to relinquish rights to certain technologies or potential markets. In addition, we may file with the SEC a shelf registration
statement to sell from time to time additional shares of our common stock in one or more offerings in amounts, at prices and on the terms that we will determine at the time of offering. If we raise additional funds by issuing additional equity or
convertible debt securities (whether in a public offering or private placement), the ownership percentages of existing stockholders would be reduced. In addition, the equity or debt securities that we issue may have rights, preferences or privileges
senior to those of the holders of our common stock. We currently have no established line of credit or other business borrowing facility in place. 
 It is possible that our future capital requirements may vary materially from those now planned. The amount of capital that we will need in the
future will depend on many factors, including: 

the market acceptance of our products; 

the levels of promotion and advertising that will be required to launch our products and achieve and maintain a competitive position in the marketplace; 

our business, product, capital expenditure and research and development plans and product and technology roadmaps; 

the levels of working capital that we maintain; 

capital improvements to new and existing facilities; 

our ability to meet our headcount hiring commitment to the state of Pennsylvania; 

technological advances; 

our competitors response to our products; and 

our relationships with suppliers and customers. In addition, we may raise additional capital
to accommodate planned growth, hiring and infrastructure needs or to consummate acquisitions of other businesses, products or technologies. 
 Our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected as a result of legal, business and economic risks
specific to international operations. In recent years, our revenues derived from sales to customers outside the U.S. have not been
material. Our revenues derived from such sales can vary from quarter to quarter and from year to year. We also frequently ship products to our domestic customers international manufacturing divisions and subcontractors. In the future, we may
expand these international business activities. International operations are subject to many inherent risks, including: 

general political, social and economic instability; 

trade restrictions; 

the imposition of governmental controls; 

exposure to different legal standards, particularly with respect to intellectual property; 

burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws; 

import and export license requirements and restrictions of the United States and any other country in which we operate; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

foreign technical standards; 

changes in tariffs; 

difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; 
 17 

Table of Contents 

difficulties in securing and servicing international customers; 

difficulties in collecting receivables from foreign entities; 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates and any imposition of currency exchange controls; and 

potentially adverse tax consequences. These conditions may increase our cost of doing
business. Moreover, as our customers are adversely affected by these conditions, our business with them may be disrupted and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Security and privacy breaches may harm our business. 
 The uninterrupted operation of our hosted solutions and the confidentiality and security of third-party information is critical to our
business. Any failures in our security and privacy measures, such as hacking of our systems by outsiders, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. If we are unable to protect, or our
customers perceive that we are unable to protect, the security and privacy of our electronic information, our growth could be materially adversely affected. A security or privacy breach may: 

cause our customers to lose confidence in our solutions; 

harm our reputation; 

expose us to liability; and 

increase our expense from potential remediation costs. While we believe we use proven
applications designed for data security and integrity to process electronic transactions, there can be no assurance that our use of these applications will be sufficient to address changing market conditions or the security and privacy concerns of
existing and potential customers. In addition, our customers and end users may use our products and services in a manner which violates security or data privacy laws in one or more jurisdictions. Any significant or high profile data privacy breaches
or violations of data privacy laws, whether directly through our hosted solutions or by third parties using our products and services, could result in the loss of business and reputation, litigation against us and regulatory investigations and
penalties that could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Interruptions or delays in service from data
center hosting facilities could impair the delivery of our service and harm our business. We currently serve our customers from
data center hosting facilities. Any damage to, or failure of, our systems generally could result in interruptions in our service. Interruptions in our service may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to
terminate their on-demand services and adversely affect our renewal rates and our ability to attract new customers. We may have
exposure to additional tax liabilities. As a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes as well as sales, use and
other non-income based taxes, in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes, sales and use taxes, and other tax liabilities. Changes in tax laws
or tax rulings may have a significantly adverse impact on our effective tax rate. We are also subject to non-income based taxes, such as
payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property and goods and services taxes, in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities with respect to these non-income based taxes and may
have exposure to additional non-income based tax liabilities. An increasing number of states have considered or adopted laws that attempt to impose obligations on out-of-state retailers to collect sales and use taxes on their behalf. A successful
assertion by one or more states or foreign countries requiring us to collect sales and use taxes where we do not do so could result in substantial tax liabilities, including for past sales, as well as penalties and interest. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Although we believe that our income and non-income based tax estimates are reasonable, there is
no assurance that our provisions for taxes are correct, or that the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes will not be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. If we are required to pay
substantially more taxes in the future or for prior periods, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected 

Item 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. 

Item 2. 
 PROPERTIES Our corporate headquarters, including our principal administrative, sales and marketing,
customer support and research and development facility, is located in Aliso Viejo, California, where we currently lease and occupy approximately 33,600 square feet of space pursuant to lease that expires on May 31, 2016. We lease approximately
55,600 square feet in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania under a lease that expires December 31, 2021. We lease approximately 16,000 square feet in Sunnyvale, California under a lease that expires February 28, 2015. Internationally, we lease space
in Belgrade, Serbia that expires December 30, 2016. We lease an additional 19,100 square feet in Aliso Viejo, California under a lease that expires
January 31, 2022. In August 2014, we signed an addendum to sublease all of the space commencing on September 15, 2014 for a three year period, with two, two-year renewal options. The remaining lease expense, net of sublease income, has
been accrued for in our 2013 restructuring liability account. We lease approximately 15,300 square feet in Watsonville, California under a lease that
expires September 30, 2018. In March 2014, we signed an addendum to sublease all of the space commencing on May 1, 2014. We continued to pay our current monthly rent through June 30, 2014. Beginning on July 1, 2014, we are paying
the landlord a minimum amount of rent, with annual escalations, through the end of the lease. This lease expense has been accrued for in our 2013 restructuring liability account. We have moved into a significantly smaller facility in Santa Cruz,
California and are paying month-to-month rent. 

Item 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The Company may become involved in various legal proceedings arising from its
business activities. While management does not believe the ultimate disposition of these matters will have a material adverse impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position, litigation is inherently
unpredictable, and depending on the nature and timing of these proceedings, an unfavorable resolution could materially affect the Company s future consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position in a particular period. 

Item 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol SMSI. The high and low sale prices for our common stock as
reported by NASDAQ are set forth below for the periods indicated. 

High 

Low 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014: 

First Quarter 

2.69 

1.44 

Second Quarter 

2.07 

0.66 

Third Quarter 

1.37 

0.88 

Fourth Quarter 

1.23 

0.74 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2013: 

First Quarter 

1.78 

1.26 

Second Quarter 

1.49 

1.06 

Third Quarter 

1.31 

0.88 

Fourth Quarter 

1.57 

0.79 
 
 On February 20, 2015, the closing sale price for our common stock as reported by NASDAQ was 1.46. 
 For information regarding Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans, please refer to Item 12. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph and information compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock against the cumulative total return of
the S P Midcap 400 Index and the S P Midcap Applications Software Index (Peer Group) for the same period. The graph covers the
period from December 31, 2009 through December 31, 2014. The graph assumes that 100 was invested in our common stock on December 31, 2009, and in each index, and that all dividends were reinvested. No cash dividends have been
declared on our common stock. Stockholder returns over the indicated period should not be considered indicative of future stockholder returns. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Smith Micro Software, Inc., the S P Midcap 400 Index, and S P MidCap Application Software 

100 invested on 12/31/09 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31. 
 Copyright 2015 S P, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved. 

12/09 

12/10 

12/11 

12/12 

12/13 

12/14 

Smith Micro Software, Inc. 

100.00 

172.02 

12.35 

16.39 

16.17 

10.60 

S P Midcap 400 

100.00 

126.64 

124.45 

146.69 

195.84 

214.97 

S P MidCap Application Software 

100.00 

132.83 

139.38 

167.35 

220.04 

227.94 
 
 Holders 
 As of February 20, 2015, there were approximately 181 holders of record of our common stock based on information provided by our transfer
agent. Dividends We
have never paid any cash dividends on our common stock and we have no current plans to do so. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 On August 15, 2014, the Company entered into a common stock purchase agreement with a number of accredited investors pursuant to which the
Company issued and sold 6,845,830 shares of its common stock at a price per share of 0.816 in a private placement. The transaction closed on August 20, 2014 and the Company realized gross proceeds of 5.6 million before deducting commissions
and other expenses. Offering costs related to the transaction totaled 0.4 million, comprised of 0.2 million of commissions and 0.2 million of legal and other expenses, resulting in net proceeds of 5.2 million. The offer and sale of the shares of
Common Stock in the private placement was exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Company 
 The table set forth below shows all purchases of securities by us during the fiscal year 2014: 

ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) 

Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans
or Programs 

Mar. 1-31. 2014 

15,735 

1.63 

Jun. 1-30, 2014 

157,919 

1.61 

Sep. 1-30, 2014 

50,767 

0.97 

Dec. 1-31, 2014 

67,202 

0.93 

Total 

291,623 
 (a) 

The above table includes: 
 (a) Acquisition of stock by the Company as payment of withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards, in an
aggregate amount of 291,623 shares during the periods set forth in the table. All of the shares were cancelled when they were acquired. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. 
 SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA The following selected consolidated financial data should be read
in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. The
following selected consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) data for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, and the consolidated balance sheet data at December 31, 2014 and 2013, have been derived from audited
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. The consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) data presented below for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the consolidated balance sheet data
at December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 are derived from audited consolidated financial statements that are not included in this Annual Report. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Data (in thousands, except per share data): 

Revenues 

36,979 

42,675 

43,329 

57,767 

130,501 

Cost of revenues 

9,317 

9,707 

8,448 

13,761 

15,507 

Gross profit 

27,662 

32,968 

34,881 

44,006 

114,994 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing 

9,559 

15,675 

16,666 

26,594 

29,708 

Research and development 

14,192 

21,305 

24,767 

41,711 

42,759 

General and administrative 

13,218 

18,216 

20,211 

25,279 

24,146 

Restructuring expenses 

2,435 

5,602 

238 

3,184 

Goodwill and long-lived asset impairment 

112,904 

Total operating expenses 

39,404 

60,798 

61,882 

209,672 

96,613 

Operating income (loss) 

(11,742) 

(27,830) 

(27,001) 

(165,666) 

18,381 

Non-operating income: 

Change in fair value of contingent liabiltiy 

1,210 

Interest and other income (expense), net 

(8) 

30 

94 

131 

130 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

(11,750) 

(27,800) 

(25,697) 

(165,535) 

18,511 

Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 

49 

153 

(234) 

(5,929) 

6,165 

Net income (loss) 

(11,799) 

(27,953) 

(25,463) 

(159,606) 

12,346 

Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: 

Unrealized holding gains (losses) on available- for-sale securities 

7 

33 

(24) 

(14) 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) related to items of other comprehensive income (expense) 

6 

1 

(6) 

Other comprehensive income (expense), net of tax 

7 

27 

(25) 

(8) 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

(11,799) 

(27,946) 

(25,436) 

(159,631) 

12,338 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Basic 

(0.29) 

(0.76) 

(0.71) 

(4.48) 

0.36 

Diluted 

(0.29) 

(0.76) 

(0.71) 

(4.48) 

0.36 

Weighted average shares: 

Basic 

40,649 

36,982 

35,849 

35,617 

34,204 

Diluted 

40,649 

36,982 

35,849 

35,617 

34,615 

23 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data (in thousands): 

Total assets 

27,390 

31,538 

54,395 

79,941 

234,892 

Total liabilities 

12,488 

13,367 

11,733 

15,081 

16,627 

Accumulated comprehensive (deficit) earnings 

(208,284) 

(196,485) 

(168,539) 

(143,103) 

16,528 

Total stockholders equity 

14,902 

18,171 

42,662 

64,860 

218,265 
 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial
statements and the related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. Readers are also urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us which attempt to advise interested parties of the
factors which affect our business, including without limitation the disclosures made in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report under the caption Risk Factors. 
 Risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements include but are not limited to: our dependence
upon the large carrier customers for a significant portion of our revenues; deriving revenues from a small number of customers and products; being delisted from the NASDAQ; changes in demand for our products; our failure to successfully compete;
changes in technology; our entry into new markets; failure of our customers to adopt new technologies; loss of key personnel; the availability of third party intellectual property and licenses; failure to maintain strategic relationships with our
customers; potential fluctuations in quarterly results; our failure to protect intellectual property; exposure to intellectual property claims; our inability to raise more funds to meet our capital needs; undetected software defects; security and
privacy breaches in our systems or interruptions or delays in the services we provide which could damage client relations; and doing business internationally. 
 Introduction and Overview 
 Smith Micro provides software solutions to simplify and enhance the mobile experience. As a leader in wireless connectivity, our applications
ensure the best Quality of Experience for mobile users while optimizing networks for wireless service providers and enterprises. Using our intelligent policy-on-device platform, along with premium voice, video and content monetization services, we
create new opportunities to engage consumers and capitalize on the growth of connected devices. In addition to wireless and mobility software, Smith Micro develops and distributes personal, professional and educational productivity and graphics
products and tools for consumers, artists, animators and designers worldwide. Over the past three decades, the Company has developed deep
expertise in embedded software for networked devices, policy-based management platforms, and highly-scalable mobile applications and hosted services. For organizations struggling to reduce costs and complexity in the fragmented, rapidly evolving
mobile market, Smith Micro offers proven solutions that increase reliability and efficiency while accelerating delivery and value of mobile services to consumers. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2014, revenues to one customer and their respective affiliates in the Wireless business segment accounted
for 68.0 of the Company s total revenues, and one customer in the Productivity Graphics business segment accounted for 11.2 of the Company s total revenues. These two customers accounted for 87 of accounts receivable for the
year ended December 31, 2014. For the year ended December 31, 2013, revenues to two customers and their respective affiliates in the Wireless business segment accounted for 53.1 and 13.0 of the Company s total revenues, and one
customer in the Productivity Graphics business segment accounted for 11.4 of the Company s total revenues. These three customers accounted for 83 of accounts receivable for the year ended December 31, 2013.
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2012, revenues to two customers and their respective affiliates in the Wireless business segment accounted for 40.7 and 20.5 of the Company s total
revenues and 78 of accounts receivable. Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth certain consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) data as a percentage of total revenues for the
periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Revenues 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Cost of revenues 

25.2 

22.7 

19.5 

Gross profit 

74.8 

77.3 

80.5 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing 

25.9 

36.7 

38.5 

Research and development 

38.4 

49.9 

57.2 

General and administrative 

35.7 

42.7 

46.6 

Restructuring expenses 

6.6 

13.2 

0.5 

Total operating expenses 

106.6 

142.5 

142.8 

Operating loss 

(31.8) 

(65.2) 

(62.3) 
 
 Non-operating income: 

Change in fair value of contigent liability 

2.8 

Interest and other income (expense), net 

0.1 

0.2 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

(31.8) 

(65.1) 

(59.3) 
 
 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 

0.1 

0.4 

(0.5) 

Net loss 

(31.9) 

(65.5) 

(58.8) 

Revenues and Expense Components 
 The following is a description of the primary components of our revenues and expenses: 
 Revenues. Revenues are net of sales returns and allowances. Our operations are organized into two business segments: 

Wireless , which includes our QuickLink, NetWise and CommSuite family of products; and 

Productivity Graphics , which includes our consumer-based products: Poser, Anime Studio, Manga Studio, MotionArtist and StuffIt. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows the revenues generated by each business segment (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Wireless 

31,276 

35,853 

37,154 

Productivity Graphics 

5,703 

6,822 

6,175 

Total revenues 

36,979 

42,675 

43,329 

Cost of revenues 

9,317 

9,707 

8,448 

Gross profit 

27,662 

32,968 

34,881 

Cost of revenues. Cost of revenues consists of direct product and assembly, maintenance, and royalty
costs. Selling and marketing. Selling and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, advertising costs, sales
commissions, and trade show expenses. These expenses vary significantly from quarter to quarter based on the timing of trade shows and product introductions. 
 Research and development. Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel and equipment costs required to conduct our
software development efforts. General and administrative. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs,
professional services and fees paid for external service providers, space and occupancy costs, and legal and other public company costs. 
 Restructuring expenses. Restructuring expenses consist primarily of one-time employee termination benefits, lease and other contract
terminations and costs to consolidate facilities and relocate employees. Change in fair value of contingent liability . This is the
return-to-profit of a milestone payment accrual that we did not have to pay. Interest and other income (expense), net . Interest and
other income are primarily related to our average cash and short term investment balances during the period and vary among periods. Our other excess cash is invested in short term marketable equity and debt securities classified as cash equivalents.
Interest and other expense are primarily related to the credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate used to measure our operating lease termination liabilities in restructuring. 
 Provision for income tax expense (benefit). The Company accounts for income taxes as required by Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic No. 740, Income Taxes. This statement requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future consequences of events that have been recognized
in the Company s financial statements or tax returns. Measurement of the deferred items is based on enacted tax laws. In the event the future consequences of differences between financial reporting bases and tax bases of the Company s
assets and liabilities result in a deferred tax asset, we are required to evaluate the probability of being able to realize the future benefits indicated by such asset. The deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based upon all
available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Establishing, reducing or increasing a valuation allowance in an accounting period generally results in an increase or decrease in tax
expense in the statement of operations. We must make significant judgments to determine the provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, unrecognized tax benefits and any valuation allowance to be recorded against deferred tax
assets. Because of our loss position, the current provision for income tax expense consists of state income tax minimums, foreign tax withholdings and foreign income taxes. After consideration of the Company s continuing cumulative loss
position as of December 31, 2014, the Company retained a valuation allowance related to its U.S.-based deferred tax assets of 75.7 million at December 31, 2014. During fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, the valuation allowance on deferred
tax assets increased by 3.2 million, 12.1 million and 7.2 million, respectively. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2013
 Revenues. Revenues of 37.0 million for fiscal year 2014 decreased 5.7 million, or 13.3 , from 42.7 million for fiscal
year 2013. Wireless revenues of 31.3 million decreased 4.6 million, or 12.8 , primarily due to lower sales of our legacy connection manager products of 7.6 million partially offset by higher sales of our CommSuite products of 3.0 million.
Productivity Graphics sales decreased 1.1 million, or 16.4 , primarily due to lower customer demand and fewer new releases this year as we shift our future focus from consumers to new professional markets such as gaming and industrial
design. While we have launched new wireless products, they are new to the market and their rate of adoption and deployment is unknown at this time, causing material uncertainty regarding the timing of our future wireless revenues. 
 Cost of revenues . Cost of revenues of 9.3 million for fiscal year 2014 decreased 0.4 million, or 4.0 , from 9.7 million for fiscal
year 2013. Cost reduction savings as a result of our restructuring of 1.2 million was partially offset by increased royalties of 0.4 million due to product mix and 0.4 million of maintenance costs associated with new product releases. 
 Gross profit. Gross profit of 27.7 million or 74.8 of revenues for fiscal year 2014 decreased 5.3 million, or 16.1 , from 33.0
million, or 77.3 of revenues for fiscal year 2013. The 2.5 percentage point decrease was primarily due to the lower revenues. Selling
and marketing. Selling and marketing expenses of 9.6 million for fiscal year 2014 decreased 6.1 million, or 39.0 , from 15.7 million for fiscal year 2013. This decrease was primarily due cost reduction savings as a result of our
restructuring; headcount reductions of 4.4 million and travel and other cost reductions of 1.2 million. Stock-based compensation decreased from 0.8 million to 0.3 million, or 0.5 million. 
 Research and development. Research and development expenses of 14.2 million for fiscal year 2014 decreased 7.1 million, or 33.4 , from
 21.3 million for fiscal year 2013. Lower headcount accounted for the decrease of 6.9 million primarily due to our restructuring. Stock-based compensation decreased from 0.9 million to 0.7 million, or 0.2 million. 
 General and administrative. General and administrative expenses of 13.2 million for fiscal year 2014 decreased 5.0 million, or 27.4 ,
from 18.2 million for fiscal year 2013. This decrease was primarily due to lower space and occupancy costs as a result of our restructuring of 1.7 million, headcount and other cost reductions as a result of our restructuring of 1.3 million, lower
depreciation of 1.0 million, and lower legal and accounting fees of 0.4 million. Stock-based compensation expense decreased from 2.1 million to 1.5 million, or 0.6 million. 
 Restructuring expenses. Restructuring expense was 2.4 million for fiscal year 2014 due to one-time employee terminations of 1.3
million of non-cash stock-based compensation and 0.4 million of severance costs, 0.6 million for lease terminations, and 0.1 million of other related expenses. Restructuring expenses were 5.6 million for fiscal year 2013. These charges were for
lease/rental terminations of 3.2 million, severance costs for affected employees of 1.2 million, fixed asset write-offs as a result of our lease/rental terminations of 1.0 million and other related costs of 0.2 million. 
 Interest and other income (expense), net. Interest and other income (expense), net was de minimis for both fiscal years 2014 and 2013.
 Provision for income tax expense (benefit). We recorded income tax expense of 49,000 and 153,000 for fiscal years 2014 and 2013,
respectively, primarily related to foreign income taxes. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2013 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2012
 Revenues. Revenues of 42.7 million for fiscal year 2013 decreased 0.6 million, or 1.5 , from 43.3 million for fiscal
year 2012. Wireless revenues of 35.9 million decreased 1.3 million, or 3.5 , primarily due to lower sales of our legacy connection manager products of 5.2 million partially offset by higher sales of our CommSuite products of 3.2 million and
NetWise products of 0.7 million. Productivity Graphics sales increased 0.7 million, or 10.5 , primarily due to increases in our core product lines of Poser and Manga Studio. Due to the introduction and market acceptance of mobile
hotspot devices, tablets and smartphones capable of functioning as a WWAN hotspot, our legacy connection management products continue to experience lower demand in our North American marketplace. While we have launched new wireless products that
address this technology shift, they are new to the market and their rate of adoption and deployment is unknown at this time, causing material uncertainty regarding the timing of our future wireless revenues. 
 Cost of revenues . Cost of revenues of 9.7 million for fiscal year 2013 increased 1.3 million, or 14.9 , from 8.4 million for fiscal
year 2012. The increase was primarily due to the product mix in Wireless of 1.1 million and product mix in Productivity Graphics of 0.2 million. 
 Gross profit. Gross profit of 33.0 million or 77.3 of revenues for fiscal year 2013 decreased 1.9 million, or 5.5 , from 34.9
million, or 80.5 of revenues for fiscal year 2012. The 3.2 percentage point decrease was primarily due to the lower revenues and product mix. 
 Selling and marketing. Selling and marketing expenses of 15.7 million for fiscal year 2013 decreased 1.0 million, or 5.9 , from 16.7
million for fiscal year 2012. This decrease was primarily due to lower personnel related expenses and severance of 0.4 million and lower travel and trade shows of 0.5 million. Stock-based compensation decreased from 0.9 million to 0.8 million,
or 0.1 million. Research and development. Research and development expenses of 21.3 million for fiscal year 2013 decreased 3.5
million, or 14.0 , from 24.8 million for fiscal year 2012. This decrease was primarily due to lower headcount. Stock-based compensation increased from 0.8 million to 0.9 million, or 0.1 million due to stock options being issued to many of the
engineers late in fiscal year 2012. General and administrative. General and administrative expenses of 18.2 million for fiscal
year 2013 decreased 2.0 million, or 9.9 , from 20.2 million for fiscal year 2012. This decrease was primarily due to lower space and occupancy costs as a result of our restructuring of 1.3 million and lower legal and accounting fees of 0.6
million partially offset by increased travel and other expenses of 0.2 million. Stock-based compensation expense decreased from 2.4 million to 2.1 million, or 0.3 million. 
 Restructuring expenses. Restructuring expenses of 5.6 million for fiscal year 2013 were related to lease/rental terminations of 3.3
million, severance costs for affected employees of 1.1 million, equipment and improvements write-offs as a result of our lease/rental terminations of 1.0 million and other related costs of 0.2 million. Restructuring expenses of 0.2 million for
fiscal year 2012 were related to one-time employee termination and other costs as a result of headcount reductions. Change in fair
value of contingent liabi lity. When we acquired Core Mobility in October 2009, we established a pre-acquisition contingency made up of two milestone payments that were part of the purchase price of the business. The first milestone was met and
 0.6 million was paid in March 2010. The second milestone was not met and therefore not paid. The Core Mobility shareholders disputed the second milestone in a lawsuit which was found in our favor in August 2012. The plaintiffs chose not to appeal
the decision. As a result, we reduced the contingent liability of 1.2 million to its fair value of 0 at December 31, 2012. 
 Interest and other income, net. Interest and other income, net was de minimis for fiscal year 2013 and 0.1 million for fiscal year
2012. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for income tax expense (benefit). We recorded income tax expense of 0.2 million
for fiscal year 2013 primarily related to foreign income taxes. We recorded an income tax benefit of 0.2 million for fiscal year 2012 related to state R D tax credits of 0.7 million, partially offset by state and foreign income taxes of 0.5
million. Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 At December 31, 2014, we had 13.0 million in cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments and 14.0 million of working capital.
 Capital expenditures were 0.2 million for the fiscal year 2014 versus 0.8 million for the fiscal year 2013. The 2014 expenditures were
primarily for computer hardware and software. In August 2014, the Company entered into a common stock purchase agreement (see Note 9) with
a number of accredited investors in a private placement pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the investors an aggregate of 6,845,830 shares of its common stock at a price per share of 0.816. The transaction closed on
August 20, 2014 and the Company realized gross proceeds of 5.6 million before deducting commissions and other expenses of 0.4 million. 
 In May 2014, the Board approved a restructuring plan (see Note 2) that was implemented during the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2014 which
lowered our overall cost structure by approximately 2.0 million per quarter. Based on the Company s current financial revenue and
profit projections, our reduced cost structure as a result of our 2014 restructuring mentioned above, and the proceeds from the sale of our common stock in a private placement mentioned above, management believes that the Company s existing
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment will be sufficient to fund the its operations through at least the next twelve months. 
 Operating Activities 
 In 2014, net cash used in operations was 6.8 million primarily due to our net loss adjusted for depreciation, amortization, non-cash
stock-based compensation, inventory and accounts receivable reserves of 4.7 million, decreases in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 2.2 million, and an increase in accounts receivable of 1.0 million. This usage was partially offset by an
increase in deferred revenue of 1.0 million and a decrease in prepaid expenses of 0.1 million. In 2013, net cash used in operations was
 16.6 million primarily due to our net loss adjusted for depreciation, amortization, write-off of fixed assets related to our restructuring, non-cash stock-based compensation, inventory and accounts receivable reserves, and other assets of 18.7
million. This usage was partially offset by an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 1.4 million and a decrease in accounts receivable of 0.7 million. 
 In 2012, net cash used in operations was 12.8 million primarily due to our net loss adjusted for depreciation, amortization, non-cash
stock-based compensation, and inventory and accounts receivable reserves of 17.0 million, a decrease of accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 2.2 million, and an increase in accounts receivable of 1.5 million. This usage was partially
offset by a decrease of income taxes receivable of 7.6 million and a decrease in prepaid and other assets of 0.3 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 In 2014, cash used by investing activities was de minimis as the sale of short-term investments of 0.2 million was offset by capital
expenditures of 0.2 million. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 In 2013, cash provided by investing activities of 9.4 million was due to the sale of short-term
investments of 10.2 million, partially offset by capital expenditures of 0.8 million. In 2012, cash provided by investing activities of
 24.9 million was due to the sale of short-term investments of 25.2 million, partially offset by capital expenditures of 0.3 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 In 2014, cash provided by financing activities was 5.3 million. We received 5.2 million from the sale of our common stock in a private
placement. We also received 21,000 from the stock sale for the employee stock purchase plan and 6,000 from the exercise of stock options. 
 In 2013, cash provided by financing activities was 36,000 as a result of cash received from the sale of stock for our employee stock purchase
plan. In 2012, cash used in financing activities of 0.7 million was due to the repurchase of our common stock of 0.8 million which was
partially offset by cash received from the sale of stock for our employee stock purchase plan of 0.1 million. Contractual
Obligations and Commercial Commitments As of December 31, 2014, we had no debt. The following table summarizes our
contractual obligations as of December 31, 2014 (in thousands): 

Payments due by period 

Less than 

More than 

Contractual obligations: 
 
 Total 

1 year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

5 years 

Operating lease obligations 

11,734 

2,188 

3,424 

3,042 

3,080 

Purchase obligations 

2,143 

2,143 

Total 

13,877 

4,331 

3,424 

3,042 

3,080 

During our normal course of business, we have made certain indemnities, commitments and guarantees under which
we may be required to make payments in relation to certain transactions. These include: intellectual property indemnities to our customers and licensees in connection with the use, sale and/or license of our products; indemnities to various lessors
in connection with facility leases for certain claims arising from such facility or lease; indemnities to vendors and service providers pertaining to claims based on the negligence or willful misconduct; indemnities involving the accuracy of
representations and warranties in certain contracts; and indemnities to directors and officers of the Company to the maximum extent permitted under the laws of the State of Delaware. We may also issue a guarantee in the form of a standby letter of
credit as security for contingent liabilities under certain customer contracts. The duration of these indemnities, commitments and guarantees varies, and in certain cases, may be indefinite. The majority of these indemnities, commitments and
guarantees may not provide for any limitation of the maximum potential for future payments we could be obligated to make. We have not recorded any liability for these indemnities, commitments and guarantees in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. Real Property Leases 
 Our corporate headquarters, including our principal administrative, sales and marketing, customer support and research and development
facility, is located in Aliso Viejo, California, where we currently lease and occupy approximately 33,600 square feet of space pursuant to lease that expires on May 31, 2016. We lease approximately 55,600 square feet in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
under a lease that expires December 31, 2021. We lease approximately 16,000 square feet in Sunnyvale, California under a lease that expires February 28, 2015. Internationally, we lease space in Belgrade, Serbia that expires
December 30, 2016. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 We lease an additional 19,100 square feet in Aliso Viejo, California under a lease that expires
January 31, 2022. In August 2014, we signed an addendum to sublease all of the space commencing on September 15, 2014 for a three year period, with two, two-year renewal options. The remaining lease expense, net of sublease income, has
been accrued for in our 2013 restructuring liability account. We lease approximately 15,300 square feet in Watsonville, California under a
lease that expires September 30, 2018. In March 2014, we signed an addendum to sublease all of the space commencing on May 1, 2014. We continued to pay our current monthly rent through June 30, 2014. Beginning on July 1, 2014, we
are paying the landlord a minimum amount of rent, with annual escalations, through the end of the lease. This lease expense has been accrued for in our 2013 restructuring liability account. We have moved into a significantly smaller facility in
Santa Cruz, California and are paying month-to-month rent. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2014, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of results of operations, financial condition and liquidity are based upon our consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical experience and on
various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may materially differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. On an on-going basis, we review our estimates to ensure that
they appropriately reflect changes in our business or new information as it becomes available. We believe the following critical
accounting policies affect our more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We currently report our net revenues under two operating groups: Wireless and Productivity Graphics. Within each of these groups
software revenue is recognized based on the customer and contract type. We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the price is fixed and determinable, and collectability is probable as required by
FASB ASC Topic No. 985-605, Software-Revenue Recognition. We recognize revenues from sales of our software to our customers or end users as completed products are shipped and title passes; or from royalties generated as authorized customers
duplicate our software, if the other requirements are met. If the requirements are not met at the date of shipment, revenue is not recognized until these elements are known or resolved. For Wireless sales, returns from customers are limited to
defective goods or goods shipped in error. Historically, customer returns have not exceeded the very nominal estimates and reserves. We also provide some technical support to our customers. Such costs have historically been insignificant. 
 We have a few multiple element agreements for which we have contracted to provide a perpetual license for use of proprietary software, to
provide non-recurring engineering, and in some cases to provide software maintenance (post contract support). For these software and software-related multiple element arrangements, we must: (1) determine whether and when each element has been
delivered; (2) determine whether undelivered products or services are essential to the functionality of 
 31 

Table of Contents 

the delivered products and services; (3) determine the fair value of each undelivered element using vendor-specific objective evidence VSOE ), and (4) allocate the total
price among the various elements. VSOE of fair value is used to allocate a portion of the price to the undelivered elements and the residual method is used to allocate the remaining portion to the delivered elements. Absent VSOE, revenue is deferred
until the earlier of the point at which VSOE of fair value exists for any undelivered element or until all elements of the arrangement have been delivered. However, if the only undelivered element is post contract support, the entire arrangement fee
is recognized ratably over the performance period. We determine VSOE for each element based on historical stand-alone sales to third parties or from the stated renewal rate for the elements contained in the initial arrangement. In determining VSOE,
we require that a substantial majority of the selling prices for a product or service fall within a reasonably narrow pricing range. We have established VSOE for our post contract support services and non-recurring engineering. 
 On occasion, we enter into fixed fee arrangements, i.e. for trials, in which customer payments are tied to the achievement of specific
milestones. Revenue for these contracts is recognized based on customer acceptance of certain milestones as they are achieved. We also enter hosting arrangements that sometimes include up-front, non-refundable set-up fees. Revenue is
recognized for these fees over the term of the agreement. For Productivity Graphics sales, management reviews available retail
channel information and makes a determination of a return provision for sales made to distributors and retailers based on current channel inventory levels and historical return patterns. Certain sales to distributors or retailers are made on a
consignment basis. Revenue for consignment sales are not recognized until sell through to the final customer is established. Certain revenues are booked net of revenue sharing payments. Sales directly to end-users are recognized upon shipment. End
users have a thirty day right of return, but such returns are reasonably estimable and have historically been immaterial. We also provide technical support to our customers. Such costs have historically been insignificant. 
 Sales Incentives 
 For our Productivity Graphics sales, the cost of sales incentives the Company offers without charge to customers that can be used
in, or that are exercisable by a customer as a result of, a single exchange transaction is accounted for as a reduction of revenue as required by FASB ASC Topic No. 605-50, Revenue Recognition Customer Payments and Incentives. We use
historical redemption rates to estimate the cost of customer incentives. Total sales incentives were 0.5 million, 1.2 million, and 0.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
 We sell our products worldwide. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and adjust credit limits based upon payment
history, the customer s current credit worthiness and various other factors, as determined by our review of their current credit information. We continuously monitor collections and payments from our customers. We estimate credit losses and
maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts reserve based upon these estimates. While such credit losses have historically been within our estimated reserves, we cannot guarantee that we will continue to experience the same credit loss rates that we
have in the past. If not, this could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Internal Software Development Costs 
 Development costs incurred in the research and development of new software products and enhancements to existing software products are expensed
as incurred until technological feasibility has been established. The Company considers technological feasibility to be established when all planning, designing, coding and testing has been completed according to design specifications. After
technological feasibility is established, any additional costs are capitalized. Through December 31, 2014, software has been substantially completed concurrently with the establishment of technological feasibility; accordingly, no costs have
been capitalized to date. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes as required by FASB ASC Topic No. 740, Income Taxes. This Topic clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in
income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
The Topic also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. The Topic requires an entity to recognize the financial statement impact of a tax position when it
is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. In addition, the
Topic permits an entity to recognize interest and penalties related to tax uncertainties either as income tax expense or operating expenses. The Company has chosen to recognize interest and penalties related to tax uncertainties as income tax
expense. The Company assesses whether a valuation allowance should be recorded against its deferred tax assets based on the consideration
of all available evidence, using a more likely than not realization standard. The four sources of taxable income that must be considered in determining whether deferred tax assets will be realized are: (1) future reversals of
existing taxable temporary differences (i.e., offset of gross deferred tax liabilities against gross deferred tax assets); (2) taxable income in prior carryback years, if carryback is permitted under the applicable tax law; (3) tax
planning strategies and (4) future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards. In assessing
whether a valuation allowance is required, significant weight is to be given to evidence that can be objectively verified. A significant factor in the Company s assessment is that the Company has been in a four-year historical cumulative loss
as of the end of fiscal year 2014. These facts, combined with uncertain near-term market and economic conditions, reduced the Company s ability to rely on projections of future taxable income in assessing the realizability of its deferred tax
assets. After a review of the four sources of taxable income as of December 31, 2014 (as described above), and after consideration of
the Company s continuing cumulative loss position as of December 31, 2014, the Company will continue to reserve it s U.S.-based deferred tax amounts, which total 75.7 million, as of December 31, 2014. 
 The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of multiple state jurisdictions. Federal income tax returns of the
Company are subject to IRS examination for the 2012 and 2013 tax years. State income tax returns are subject to examination for a period of three to four years after filing. The outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty. If any issues
addressed in the Company s tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management s expectations, the Company could be required to adjust its provision for income tax in the period such resolution occurs. We may from time to
time be assessed interest or penalties by major tax jurisdictions, although any such assessments historically have been minimal and immaterial to our financial results. It is the Company s policy to classify any interest and/or penalties in the
financial statements as a component of income tax expense. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Stock-Based Compensation 
 The Company accounts for all stock-based payment awards made to employees and directors based on their fair values and recognized as
compensation expense over the vesting period using the straight-line method over the requisite service period for each award as required by FASB ASC Topic No. 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements-Going
Concern (Subtopic 205-40 ). The Update provides U.S. GAAP guidance on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote
disclosures. For each reporting period, management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the
financial statements are issued. The amendments in this Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. We will be evaluating the
impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The amendments to this Update supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of this Topic is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are
transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. This Topic defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment
and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing U.S. GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction
price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. For all entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15,
2016. Earlier adoption is not permitted. An entity will be able to use either of two adoption methods: (1) retrospective to each prior reporting period presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within this
Topic; or (2) retrospective with the cumulative effect of initially applying this Topic recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain additional disclosures as defined per this Topic. We will be evaluating the impact of
this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 

Item 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Interest Rate Risk
 Our financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. At December 31, 2014, the carrying values
of our financial instruments approximated fair values based on current market prices and rates. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign Currency Risk 
 While a majority of our business is denominated in U.S. dollars, we do occasionally invoice in foreign currencies. For the three years ended
December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, our revenues denominated in foreign currencies were 43,000, 0.1 million, and 0.6 million, respectively. Fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and certain other currencies
may affect our results of operations and period-to-period comparisons of our operating results. We do not currently engage in hedging or similar transactions to reduce these risks. The operational expenses of our foreign entities reduce the
currency exposure we have because our foreign currency revenues are offset in part by expenses payable in foreign currencies. As such, we do not believe we have a material exposure to foreign currency rate fluctuations at this time. 

Item 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Our consolidated financial statements and schedule appear
in a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1 and S-1, respectively. Item 9. CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. 

Item 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act )) as of December 31, 2014.
Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have determined that as of December 31, 2014, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in
our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any
controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and our management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Responsibility for Financial Statements 
 Our management is responsible for the integrity and objectivity of all information presented in this report. The consolidated financial
statements were prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and include amounts based on management s best estimates and judgments. Management believes the consolidated financial
statements fairly reflect the form and substance of transactions and that the financial statements fairly represent the Company s financial position and results of operations for the periods and as of the dates stated therein. 
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which is composed solely of independent directors, meets regularly with our independent
registered public accounting firm, SingerLewak LLP, and representatives of management to review accounting, financial reporting, internal control and audit matters, as well as the nature and extent of the audit effort. The Audit Committee is
responsible for the engagement of the independent auditors. The independent auditors have free access to the Audit Committee. Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the
quarter ended December 31, 2014 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Our
management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014. Management based this assessment on criteria for effective
internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Based on this assessment, management determined that, as of December 31, 2014, we maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION None. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The following table sets forth certain
information regarding our executive officers and certain key officers as of February 20, 2015: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

William W. Smith, Jr. 
 
 67 
 
 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Rick Carpenter 
 
 51 
 
 Senior Vice President, Engineering 
 
 Carla Fitzgerald 
 
 50 
 
 Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer 
 
 Jim Mains 
 
 52 
 
 Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer 
 
 Ken Shebek 
 
 52 
 
 Vice President, Operations 
 
 David P. Sperling 
 
 46 
 
 Vice President, Chief Technology Officer 
 
 Steven M. Yasbek 
 
 61 
 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 Mr. Smith co-founded Smith Micro and has served as the Chairman of the
Board, President and Chief Executive Officer since inception in 1982. Mr. Smith was employed by Rockwell International Corporation in a variety of technical and management positions from 1975 to 1984. Mr. Smith served with Xerox Data
Systems from 1972 to 1975 and RCA Computer Systems Division from 1969 to 1972 in mainframe sales and pre-sale technical roles. Mr. Smith received a B.A. in Business Administration from Grove City College.
 Mr. Carpenter joined the Company in May 2009 as the Vice President of Engineering for the Company s Connectivity Security
Business Unit and then served as the Vice President and General Manager of the Wireless Business Unit. Mr. Carpenter currently serves as the Senior Vice President of Engineering. Prior to joining Smith Micro, Mr. Carpenter served as a Vice
President of Engineering at NextWave Wireless where he was responsible for WiMAX chipset development. From 2000 to 2005, he was Director of Software Engineering for CDMA products at AirPrime, which was ultimately acquired by Sierra Wireless.
Mr. Carpenter has also held engineering management positions at Motorola and DENSO Wireless and started his professional career in May of 1986. He holds a BS in Computer Science from the University of Texas, Permian Basin and studied
Masters-level Computer Science Engineering at the University of Texas Arlington. Ms. Fitzgerald joined the Company in March
2011 as Vice President, Corporate Marketing and has been the Chief Marketing Officer since January 2014. As a veteran of the technology industry, Ms. Fitzgerald has held executive positions in marketing, product management, technical sales and
business development positions with Bitfone, WebVisible, LogicalApps, Quest Software, Octave Software and CA (formerly Computer Associates, Systems Network Management software). She holds a B.A. degree in Economics and Computer Studies
from Claremont McKenna College, and sits on the Board of Advisors for the UC Irvine Marketing Extension program. Mr. Mains joined the Company
in November 2009 and has been the Chief Strategy Officer since January 2014. Previously, Mr. Mains has held various positions (Senior Vice President of Products, Solution Engineering, Support, and Program Management) where he focused on
innovation and transformation. Prior to joining Smith Micro, Mr. Mains held executive/management positions at Openwave Systems, EMC Corporation, IBM Management Consulting, and several management positions in the Aerospace Industry. He earned
his B.S. in Mechanical Engineering at the Pennsylvania State University and M.S. in Interactive Technology and Psychology (AI focus) at the University of Southern California with additional course work at the Wharton School of Business. 
 Mr. Shebek joined the Company in December 2010 as the Vice President of Operations where he led the Enterprise Mobility Product platform.
Mr. Shebek currently is responsible for Information Technology throughout the Company as well as overseeing the Pittsburgh facility. Prior to joining Smith Micro, he was Vice President of Operations for Tollgrade Communications. He also served
as Vice President of Supply Logistics for Ericsson, Inc. and worked for Marconi as Vice President of Supply Chain and served as its Vice President of North American Operations. He joined Fore Systems in 1994, and previously held
management positions with IBM. He holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering degree from Pennsylvania State University. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Mr. Sperling joined the Company in April 1989 and has been the Director of Software Engineering since
April 1992. He assumed the Chief Technology Officer position in September 1999. Mr. Sperling began his professional career as a software engineer with us and he currently has two patents and three patents pending for various telephony and
Internet technologies. He holds a B.S. degree in Computer Science and an MBA from the University of California, Irvine. Mr. Yasbek joined the
Company in May 2008 as the Chief Accounting Officer and assumed the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer position in May 2014. Mr. Yasbek has held executive finance and information technology positions with REMEC, Paradigm Wireless
Systems, Intellisys Group, Pacific Scientific Company, Symbol Technologies, and TRW. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Yasbek was the Chief Financial Officer of Alphatec Spine. He holds a B.S. in Accounting and M.B.A from Loyola Marymount
University, and is a Certified Public Accountant. Officers are elected by, and serve at the discretion of, the Board of Directors. 
 For information about our Directors, please see the section titled Directors and Executive Officers appearing in our Proxy Statement for our 2015
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is hereby incorporated by reference. The section titled Corporate Governance appearing in our Proxy
Statement for our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is hereby incorporated by reference. Audit Committee; Audit Committee Financial
Expert Our Board of Directors has a standing Audit Committee. The members of the Audit Committee are Messrs. Campbell, Gulko and
Szabo. Our Board has determined that Mr. Gulko, Chairman of the Audit Committee, is an audit committee financial expert as defined by Item 401(h) of Regulation S-K and that each member of the Audit Committee is independent within the
meaning of Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires certain of the company s executive officers, as well as its directors and persons who own
more than ten percent (10 of a registered class of the Company s equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Based solely on its review of the copies of such forms received by the Company, or written representations from certain reporting persons, the
Company believes that all filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and more than 10 stockholders were met in a timely manner in 2014, with the exception of a Form 3 for one director that was filed late. 
 Code of Ethics We have
adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer, and all members of our finance department performing similar functions. Our Code of Ethics was filed as
Exhibit 14 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003 which was filed on March 25, 2004. In the event of an amendment to, or a waiver from, certain provisions of our Code of Ethics, we intend, to the extent
possible, to satisfy Form 8-K disclosure requirements by disclosing this information on our website at www.smithmicro.com. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The section titled Executive Compensation and Related Information 
appearing in our Proxy Statement for our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is hereby incorporated by reference. 

Item 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The
section titled Ownership of Securities and Related Stockholder Matters appearing in our Proxy Statement for our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under An Equity Compensation Plan 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2014 with respect to the shares of common stock that may be issued under our
existing equity compensation plans: 

(in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Number of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options 

Number of shares remaining available for future issuance 

Equity compensation plan approved by shareholders (1) 

2,134 

5.29 

1,571 

Equity compensation plan not approved by shareholders 

Total 

2,134 

5.29 

1,571 

(1) 
 The number of shares to be issued upon exercise includes options granted under both the 1995 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan and the 2005 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan. The number of shares remaining available for
future issuance consists only of the 2005 Plan. 

Item 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The section titled
 Related Party Transactions and Director Independence appearing in our Proxy Statement for our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The section titled Ratification of Appointment of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Principal Accountant Fees and Services appearing in our Proxy Statement for our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) (1) Financial Statements
 Smith Micro s financial statements appear in a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on the pages
referenced below: 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

F-1 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

F-2 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

F-3 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

F-4 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

F-5 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F-6 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedule 
 Smith Micro s financial statement schedule appears in a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K on the pages referenced below.
All other schedules have been omitted as they are not applicable, not required or the information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 

Page 

SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 

S-1 
 
 (3) Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Method of Filing 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement No. 33-95096. 

3.1.1 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated July 11, 2000. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2000. 

3.1.2 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated August 18, 2005. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2005. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Method of Filing 

3.1.3 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock dated April 25, 2012. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2012. 

3.1.4 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated June 25, 2012. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 27, 2012. 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement No. 33-95096. 

3.3 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 31, 2007. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen certificate representing shares of Common Stock. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement No. 33-95096. 

4.2 
 
 Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2012, between the Registrant and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Rights Agent. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2012. 

10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement No. 33-95096. 

10.2 
 
 1995 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan as Amended and Restated through February 7, 2001. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Appendix to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on 
 April 25, 2001. 

10.3 
 
 Amended and Restated 2005 Stock Option / Stock Issuance Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 
 (Reg. No. 333-149222). 

10.5 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated June 13, 2005, by and between the Registrant and Andrew Schmidt. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2006. 

10.6 
 
 Summary of oral agreement dated June 2005 by and between William W. Smith, Jr. and the Registrant. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009. 

10.7 
 
 Amended Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-169671) filed on September 30, 2010. 

10.8 
 
 Agreement and Mutual General Release, by and between Andrew C. Schmidt and the Registrant. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2014. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Method of Filing 

10.9 
 
 Agreement and Mutual General Release, by and between Christopher G. Lippincott and the Registrant. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2014. 

10.10 
 
 Agreement and Mutual General Release, by and between Daniel Rawlings and the Registrant. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2014. 

10.11 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated August 15, 2014 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 20, 2014. 

10.12 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated August 15, 2014. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 20, 2014. 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. 

14.1.1 
 
 Attachment 1 to Code of Ethics. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

32.1 
 
 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Furnished herewith. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

(b) 
 Exhibits The exhibits filed as part of this report are listed above in Item 15(a)
(3) of this Form 10-K. 

(c) 
 Financial Statement Schedule The Financial Statement Schedule required by Regulation
S-X and Item 8 of this Form are listed above in Item 15(a)(2) of this Form 10-K. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

SMITH MICRO SOFTWARE, INC. 

Date: February 27, 2015 

By:/s/ William W. Smith, Jr. 

William W. Smith, Jr. 

Chairman of the Board, 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Date: February 27, 2015 

By:/s/ Steven M. Yasbek 

Steven M. Yasbek 

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ William W. Smith, Jr. William W. Smith,
Jr. 
 
 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 February 27, 2015 

/s/ Steven M. Yasbek Steven M. Yasbek 
 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 February 27, 2015 

/s/ Andrew Arno Andrew Arno 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2015 

/s/ Thomas G. Campbell Thomas G.
Campbell 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2015 

/s/ Steven Elfman Steven Elfman 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2015 

/s/ Samuel Gulko Samuel Gulko 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2015 

/s/ Gregory J. Szabo Gregory J. Szabo 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2015 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders Smith Micro
Software, Inc. We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Smith Micro Software, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, the
 Company as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014. Our audits
also included the financial statement schedule of the Company listed in Item 15(a). These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth
therein. /s/ SingerLewak LLP Los Angeles, California 
 February 27, 2015 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 SMITH MICRO SOFTWARE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and par value data) 

December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

10,165 

11,763 

Short-term investments 

2,880 

3,078 

Accounts receivable, net of allowances for doubtful accounts and other adjustments of 602 (2014) and 617 (2013) 

8,216 

7,563 

Income tax receivable 

706 

699 

Inventories, net of reserves for excess and obsolete inventory of 151 (2014) and 301 (2013) 

97 

167 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

765 

871 

Deferred tax asset 

152 

Total current assets 

22,829 

24,293 

Equipment and improvements, net 

4,273 

7,023 

Other assets 

214 

222 

Deferred tax asset 

74 

Total assets 

27,390 

31,538 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

1,521 

1,632 

Accrued liabilities 

5,752 

7,734 

Deferred revenue 

1,498 

464 

Deferred tax liability 

74 

Total current liabilities 

8,845 

9,830 

Non-current liabilities: 

Deferred rent and other long term liabilities 

3,643 

3,383 

Deferred tax liability 

154 

Total non-current liabilities 

3,643 

3,537 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share; 5,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Common stock, par value 0.001 per share; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 45,000,891 and 36,994,318 shares issued and outstanding at
December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively 

45 

37 

Additional paid-in capital 

223,141 

214,619 

Accumulated comprehensive deficit 

(208,284) 

(196,485) 

Total stockholders equity 

14,902 

18,171 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

27,390 

31,538 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 SMITH MICRO SOFTWARE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands, except per share amount) 

Year ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Revenues 

36,979 

42,675 

43,329 

Cost of revenues 

9,317 

9,707 

8,448 

Gross profit 

27,662 

32,968 

34,881 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing 

9,559 

15,675 

16,666 

Research and development 

14,192 

21,305 

24,767 

General and administrative 

13,218 

18,216 

20,211 

Restructuring expenses 

2,435 

5,602 

238 

Total operating expenses 

39,404 

60,798 

61,882 

Operating loss 

(11,742) 

(27,830) 

(27,001) 
 
 Non-operating income: 

Change in fair value of contingent liability 

1,210 

Interest and other income (expense), net 

(8) 

30 

94 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

(11,750) 

(27,800) 

(25,697) 
 
 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 

49 

153 

(234) 

Net loss 

(11,799) 

(27,953) 

(25,463) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: 

Unrealized holding gains on available-for-sale securities 

7 

33 

Income tax expense related to items of other comprehensive income 

6 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

7 

27 

Comprehensive loss 

(11,799) 

(27,946) 

(25,436) 

Net loss per share: 

Basic and diluted 

(0.29) 

(0.76) 

(0.71) 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

40,649 

36,982 

35,849 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 SMITH MICRO SOFTWARE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated comprehensive income (deficit) 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

BALANCE, December 31, 2011 

35,612 

36 

207,927 

(143,103) 

64,860 

Exercise of common stock options 

32 

16 

16 

Non cash compensation recognized on stock options and ESPP 

66 

66 

Restricted stock grants, net of cancellations 

574 

3,883 

3,883 

Cancellation of shares for payment of withholding tax 

(23) 

(40) 

(40) 
 
 Employee stock purchase plan 

53 

66 

66 

Shares repurchased and cancelled 

(375) 

(753) 

(753) 
 
 Comprehensive loss 

(25,436) 

(25,436) 

BALANCE, December 31, 2012 

35,873 

36 

211,165 

(168,539) 

42,662 

Non cash compensation recognized on stock options and ESPP 

168 

168 

Restricted stock grants, net of cancellations 

1,179 

1 

3,364 

3,365 

Cancellation of shares for payment of withholding tax 

(96) 

(114) 

(114) 
 
 Employee stock purchase plan 

38 

36 

36 

Comprehensive loss 

(27,946) 

(27,946) 

BALANCE, December 31, 2013 

36,994 

37 

214,619 

(196,485) 

18,171 

Exercise of common stock options 

4 

6 

6 

Non cash compensation recognized on stock options and ESPP 

157 

157 

Restricted stock grants, net of cancellations 

1,421 

1 

3,494 

3,495 

Cancellation of shares for payment of withholding tax 

(292) 

(391) 

(391) 
 
 Employee stock purchase plan 

27 

21 

21 

Issuance of common stock in a private placement 

6,846 

7 

5,235 

5,242 

Comprehensive loss 

(11,799) 

(11,799) 

BALANCE, December 31, 2014 

45,000 

45 

223,141 

(208,284) 

14,902 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 SMITH MICRO SOFTWARE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Operating activities: 

Net loss 

(11,799) 

(27,953) 

(25,463) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

2,931 

4,006 

4,430 

Long-lived assets write-off due to restructuring 

1,011 

Change in fair value of contingent liability 

(1,210) 
 
 Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

163 

Provision for adjustments to accounts receivable and doubtful accounts 

347 

730 

1,045 

Provision for excess and obsolete inventory 

124 

76 

73 

Non cash compensation related to stock options and restricted stock 

3,652 

3,533 

3,949 

Deferred income taxes 

(2) 

Change in operating accounts: 

Accounts receivable 

(1,000) 

660 

(1,473) 
 
 Income tax receivable 

(7) 

(18) 

7,612 

Inventories 

(54) 

(67) 

60 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

114 

(9) 

268 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

(2,189) 

2,429 

(2,992) 
 
 Deferred revenue 

1,034 

(972) 

733 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(6,849) 

(16,574) 

(12,805) 

Investing activities: 

Capital expenditures 

(216) 

(829) 

(322) 
 
 Sales of short-term investments 

198 

10,257 

25,196 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

(18) 

9,428 

24,874 

Financing activities: 

Cash received from issuance of common stock, net of offering costs 

5,242 

Cash received from stock sale for employee stock purchase plan 

21 

36 

66 

Cash received from exercise of stock options 

6 

16 

Repurchase of common stock 

(753) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

5,269 

36 

(671) 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

(1,598) 

(7,110) 

11,398 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

11,763 

18,873 

7,475 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

10,165 

11,763 

18,873 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

75 

165 

257 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 SMITH MICRO SOFTWARE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 1. Organization, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 The Company 
 Smith Micro provides software solutions to simplify and enhance the mobile experience. As a leader in wireless connectivity, our applications
ensure the best Quality of Experience for mobile users while optimizing networks for wireless service providers and enterprises. Using our intelligent policy-on-device platform, along with premium voice, video and content monetization services, we
create new opportunities to engage consumers and capitalize on the growth of connected devices. In addition to wireless and mobility software, Smith Micro develops and distributes personal, professional and educational productivity and graphics
products and tools for consumers, artists, animators and designers worldwide. Over the past three decades, the Company has developed deep
expertise in embedded software for networked devices, policy-based management platforms, and highly-scalable mobile applications and hosted services. For organizations struggling to reduce costs and complexity in the fragmented, rapidly evolving
mobile market, Smith Micro offers proven solutions that increase reliability and efficiency while accelerating delivery and value of mobile services to consumers. 
 The proliferation of mobile broadband technology continues to provide new opportunities for Smith Micro on a global scale. Smith Micro s
mission is to help our customers thrive in a connected world with software solutions that: 1. Simplify wireless connectivity to reduce
costs and deliver best-connected experiences; 2. Optimize network and device resources for maximum performance, efficiency and
flexibility; 3. Provide greater insight and control over the quality of service QoS delivered to users; and 
 4. Engage and grow high-value relationships with end customers using mobile devices. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect the operating results and financial position of Smith Micro Software, Inc. and its
wholly owned subsidiaries in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. All intercompany amounts have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 Foreign Currency Transactions 
 The Company has international operations resulting from acquisitions in prior years. The countries in which the Company has a subsidiary or
branch office in are Serbia, the United Kingdom and Canada. The functional currency for all of these foreign entities is the U.S. dollar in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic No. 830-30, Foreign Currency Matters-Translation of Financial Statements. Foreign currency transactions that increase or decrease expected functional currency cash flows is a foreign currency transaction gain or loss
that are included in determining net income for the period in which the exchange rate changes. Likewise, a transaction gain or loss (measured from the transaction date or the most recent intervening balance sheet date, whichever is later) realized
upon settlement of a foreign currency transaction is included in determining net income for the period in which the transaction is settled. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The Company measures and discloses fair value measurements as required by FASB ASC Topic No. 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures.
 The carrying value of accounts receivable, foreign cash accounts, prepaid expenses, other current assets, accounts payable, and accrued
liabilities are considered to be representative of their respective fair values because of the short-term nature of those instruments. 
 Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that is determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions,
the FASB establishes a three-tier value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value: 

Level 1 - Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2 - Include other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace. 

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity. The fair
value hierarchy also requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 
 As required by FASB ASC Topic No. 820, we measure our cash equivalents and short-term investments at fair value. Our cash equivalents and
short-term investments are classified within Level 1 by using quoted market prices utilizing market observable inputs. As required by FASB
ASC Topic No. 825, Financial Instruments, an entity can choose to measure at fair value many financial instruments and certain other items that are not currently required to be measured at fair value. Subsequent changes in fair value for
designated items are required to be reported in earnings in the current period. This Topic also establishes presentation and disclosure requirements for similar types of assets and liabilities measured at fair value. As permitted, the Company has
elected not to use the fair value option to measure our available-for-sale securities under this Topic and will continue to report as required by FASB ASC Topic No. 320, Investments-Debt and Equity Securities. We have made this election because
the nature of our financial assets and liabilities are not of such complexity that they would benefit from a change in valuation to fair value. 
 Significant Concentrations 
 For the year ended December 31, 2014, two customers, each accounting for over 10 of revenues, made up 79.2 of revenues and 87 of
accounts receivable, and one service provider with more than 10 of purchases totaled 27 of accounts payable. For the year ended December 31, 2013, three customers, each accounting for over 10 of revenues, made up 77.5 of revenues and 83 of
accounts receivable, and one service provider with more than 10 of purchases totaled 28 of 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

accounts payable. For the year ended December 31, 2012, two customers, each accounting for over 10 of revenues, made up 61.2 of revenues and 78 of accounts receivable, and no service
provider accounted for more than 10 of purchases. The Company currently outsources a key information technology service, an important
component of one of its products, from one supplier. Although there are a limited number of third party providers for this type of service, management believes that other suppliers could provide similar services on comparable terms. A change in
suppliers, however, could cause a disruption or delay in services which could result in a possible loss of revenues and customer confidence, all of which would adversely affect our operating results. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents generally consist of cash, government securities, mutual funds, and money market funds. These securities are
primarily held in two financial institutions and are uninsured except for the minimum Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC coverage, and have original maturity dates of three months or less. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013,
bank balances totaling approximately 9.9 million and 11.6 million, respectively, were uninsured. 
 Short-Term Investments 
 Short-term investments consist of corporate notes, bonds, and commercial paper and U.S. government agency and government sponsored enterprise
obligations. The Company accounts for these short-term investments as required by FASB ASC Topic No. 320, Investments-Debt and Equity Securities. These debt and equity securities are not classified as either held-to-maturity securities or
trading securities. As such, they are classified as available-for-sale securities. Available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value, with unrealized gains or losses recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income
in stockholders equity until realized. Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts We sell our products worldwide. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and adjust credit limits based
upon payment history, the customer s current credit worthiness and various other factors, as determined by our review of their current credit information. We continuously monitor collections and payments from our customers. We estimate credit
losses and maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts reserve based upon these estimates. While such credit losses have historically been within our estimated reserves, we cannot guarantee that we will continue to experience the same credit loss
rates that we have in the past. If not, this could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. Allowances for product returns are included in other adjustments to accounts receivable on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. Product returns are estimated based on historical experience and have also been within management s estimates. 
 Inventories 
 Inventories consist principally of compact disks CDs ), boxes and manuals and are stated at the lower of cost (determined by the
first-in, first-out method) or market. The Company regularly reviews its inventory quantities on hand and records a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on management s forecast of product demand and production
requirements. At December 31, 2014, our net inventory of 0.1 million consisted mostly of components. At December 31, 2013, our net inventory of 0.2 million consisted of 0.1 million of assembled products and 0.1 million of components.
 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 Equipment and Improvements 
 Equipment and improvements are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of
the assets, generally ranging from three to seven years. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease term. 
 Internal Software Development Costs 
 Development costs incurred in the research and development of new software products and enhancements to existing software products are expensed
as incurred until technological feasibility has been established. The Company considers technological feasibility to be established when all planning, designing, coding and testing has been completed according to design specifications. After
technological feasibility is established, any additional costs are capitalized. Through December 31, 2014, software has been substantially completed concurrently with the establishment of technological feasibility; accordingly, no costs have
been capitalized to date. Deferred Rent and Other Long-Term Liabilities 
 The long-term liabilities are for deferred rent to account for the difference between straight-line and bargain rents, lease incentives
included in deferred rent, restructuring expenses, and sublease deposits. Revenue Recognition
 We currently report our net revenues under two operating groups: Wireless and Productivity Graphics. Within each of
these groups software revenue is recognized based on the customer and contract type. We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the price is fixed and determinable, and collectability is probable
as required by FASB ASC Topic No. 985-605, Software-Revenue Recognition. We recognize revenues from sales of our software to our customers or end users as completed products are shipped and title passes; or from royalties generated as
authorized customers duplicate our software, if the other requirements are met. If the requirements are not met at the date of shipment, revenue is not recognized until these elements are known or resolved. For Wireless sales, returns from customers
are limited to defective goods or goods shipped in error. Historically, customer returns have not exceeded the very nominal estimates and reserves. We also provide some technical support to our customers. Such costs have historically been
insignificant. We have a few multiple element agreements for which we have contracted to provide a perpetual license for use of
proprietary software, to provide non-recurring engineering, and in some cases to provide software maintenance (post contract support). For these software and software-related multiple element arrangements, we must: (1) determine whether and
when each element has been delivered; (2) determine whether undelivered products or services are essential to the functionality of the delivered products and services; (3) determine the fair value of each undelivered element using
vendor-specific objective evidence VSOE ), and (4) allocate the total price among the various elements. VSOE of fair value is used to allocate a portion of the price to the undelivered elements and the residual method is used to
allocate the remaining portion to the delivered elements. Absent VSOE, revenue is deferred until the earlier of the point at which VSOE of fair value exists for any undelivered element or until all elements of the arrangement have been delivered.
However, if the only undelivered element is post contract support, the entire arrangement fee is recognized ratably over the performance period. We determine VSOE for each element based on historical stand-alone sales to third parties or from the
stated renewal rate for the elements contained in the initial arrangement. In determining VSOE, we require that a substantial majority of the selling prices for a product or service fall within a reasonably narrow pricing range. We have established
VSOE for our post contract support services and non-recurring engineering. On occasion, we enter into fixed fee arrangements, i.e. for
trials, in which customer payments are tied to the achievement of specific milestones. Revenue for these contracts is recognized based on customer acceptance of certain milestones as they are achieved. We also enter hosting arrangements that
sometimes include up-front, non-refundable set-up fees. Revenue is recognized for these fees over the term of the agreement. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

 For Productivity Graphics sales, management reviews available retail channel
information and makes a determination of a return provision for sales made to distributors and retailers based on current channel inventory levels and historical return patterns. Certain sales to distributors or retailers are made on a consignment
basis. Revenue for consignment sales are not recognized until sell through to the final customer is established. Certain revenues are booked net of revenue sharing payments. Sales directly to end-users are recognized upon shipment. End users have a
thirty day right of return, but such returns are reasonably estimable and have historically been immaterial. We also provide technical support to our customers. Such costs have historically been insignificant. 
 Sales Incentives 
 For our Productivity Graphics sales, the cost of sales incentives the Company offers without charge to customers that can be used
in, or that are exercisable by a customer as a result of, a single exchange transaction is accounted for as a reduction of revenue as required by FASB ASC Topic No. 605-50, Revenue Recognition-Customer Payments and Incentives. We use historical
redemption rates to estimate the cost of customer incentives. Total sales incentives were 0.5 million, 1.2 million and 0.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 Advertising Expense 
 Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expenses were 0.3 million, 0.4 million, and 0.6 million for the years ended
December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Stock-Based Compensation 
 The Company accounts for all stock-based payment awards made to employees and directors based on their fair values and recognized as
compensation expense over the vesting period using the straight-line method over the requisite service period for each award as required by FASB ASC Topic No. 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation. 
 Net Income (Loss) Per Share 
 The Company calculates earnings per share EPS as required by FASB ASC Topic No. 260, Earning Per Share. Basic EPS is
calculated by dividing the net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period, excluding common stock equivalents. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing the net income available to
common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period plus the weighted average number of dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding for the period determined using the treasury-stock method. For purposes
of this calculation, common stock subject to repurchase by the Company and options are considered to be common stock equivalents and are only included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share when their effect is dilutive. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

(in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Numerator: 

Net loss available to common stockholders 

11,799) 

27,953) 

25,463) 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 

40,649 

36,982 

35,849 

Potential common shares - options (treasury stock method) 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

40,649 

36,982 

35,849 

Shares excluded (anti-dilutive) 

150 

2 

174 

Shares excluded due to an exercise price greater than weighted average stock price for the period 

1,511 

2,150 

1,453 

Net loss per common share: 

Basic 

0.29) 

0.76) 

0.71) 

Diluted 

0.29) 

0.76) 

0.71) 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements-Going
Concern (Subtopic 205-40 ). The Update provides U.S. GAAP guidance on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote
disclosures. For each reporting period, management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the
financial statements are issued. The amendments in this Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. We will be evaluating the
impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The amendments to this Update supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of this Topic is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are
transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. This Topic defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment
and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing U.S. GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction
price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. For all entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15,
2016. Earlier adoption is not permitted. An entity will be able to use either of two adoption methods: (1) retrospective to each prior reporting period presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within this
Topic; or (2) retrospective with the cumulative effect of initially applying this Topic recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain additional disclosures as defined per this Topic. We will be evaluating the impact of
this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 

2. Restructuring 
 2014 Restructuring 
 On May 6, 2014, the Board of Directors approved a plan of restructuring intended to streamline and flatten the Company s
organization, reduce overall headcount by approximately 20 and reduce its overall cost structure by approximately 2.0 million per quarter. The restructuring plan resulted in special charges totaling 1.8 million recorded during the three month
period ended June 30, 2014. These charges were for non-cash stock-based compensation expense of 1.3 million, severance costs for affected employees of 0.4 million, and other related costs of 0.1 million. 
 The restructuring plan was implemented primarily during the three month period ending June 30, 2014 and resulted in a negative cash impact
of approximately 0.4 million through December 31, 2014. Following is the activity in our restructuring liability account through the period ended December 31, 2014 (in thousands). 

December 31, 2013 

December 31, 2014 

Balance 

Provision, net 

Usage 

Balance 

One-time employee termination benefits 

1,697 

(1,697) 

Fixed asset write-offs, transition travel, other 

104 

(15) 

89 

Total 

1,801 

(1,712) 

89 

2013 Restructuring 
 On July 25, 2013, the Board of Directors approved a plan of restructuring intended to bring the Company s operating expenses better
in line with revenues. The restructuring plan involved a realignment of organizational structures, facility consolidations/closures and headcount reductions of approximately 26 of the Company s worldwide workforce. The restructuring plan was
implemented primarily during the three month period ended September 30, 2013 and resulted in annualized savings of approximately 16.0 million. 
 The restructuring plan resulted in special charges totaling 5.6 million recorded in the year ended December 31, 2013. These charges were
for lease/rental terminations of 3.3 million, severance costs for affected employees of 1.1 million, equipment and improvements write-offs as a result of our lease/rental terminations of 1.0 million and other related costs of 0.2 million. All
are cash expenditures except for the equipment and improvements write-offs. Approximately 1.1 million of cash expenditures were paid out in 2014, and the remaining cash expenditures will be paid in future years. 
 In the year ended December 31, 2014, we increased the reserve by 0.6 million due to changes in our assumptions on future sublease income
on our lease terminations of 0.8 million, partially offset by adjustments to our one-time employee termination benefits. Following is
the activity in our restructuring liability for the year ended December 31, 2014 (in thousands): 

December 31, 2013 Balance 

Provision-net 

Usage 

December 31, 2014 Balance 

One-time employee termination benefits 

215 

(194) 

(21) 

Lease/rental terminations 

3,115 

817 

(1,132) 

2,800 

Fixed asset write-offs, transition travel, other 

38 

15 

(53) 

0 

Total 

3,368 

638 

(1,206) 

2,800 

F-12 

Table of Contents 

 2012 Restructuring 
 We undertook a restructuring in the fiscal year 2012. Following is the activity in our restructuring liability account for the year ended
December 31, 2014 (in thousands): 

December 31, 2013 

December 31, 2014 

Balance 

Provision, net 

Usage 

Balance 

One-time employee termination benefits 

4 

(4) 

Total 

4 

(4) 

For all of these restructuring liabilities, those to be paid within 12 months are included in the accrued
liabilities line item on the balance sheet and total 0.9 million. 2.0 million of restructuring is included in the deferred rent and other long-term liabilities line item on the balance sheet. 
 3. Balance Sheet Details 
 Short-Term Investments 
 Short-term investments consist of U.S. government agency and government sponsored enterprise obligations. The Company accounts for these
short-term investments as required by FASB ASC Topic No. 320, Investments-Debt and Equity Securities. These debt and equity securities are not classified as either held-to-maturity securities or trading securities. As such, they are classified
as available-for-sale securities. Available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value, with unrealized gains or losses recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders equity until realized.
Available-for-sale securities with contractual maturities of less than 12 months were as follows (in thousands): 

December 31, 2014 

December 31, 2013 

Amortized cost basis 

Gross unrealized loss 

Fair value 

Amortized cost basis 

Gross unrealized loss 

Fair value 

Corporate bonds and notes 

1,000 

(1) 

999 

919 

(1) 

918 

Government securities/money market 

1,881 

1,881 

2,160 

2,160 

Total 

2,881 

(1) 

2,880 

3,079 

(1) 

3,078 

There were no realized gains (losses) recognized in interest and other income for the years ended
December 31, 2014 and 2013. There was a de minimis amount of realized gains recognized for the year ended December 31 2012. 
 Equipment and Improvements 
 Equipment and improvements consist of the following (in thousands): 

December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Computer hardware, software, and equipment 

16,143 

16,529 

Leasehold improvements 

5,170 

5,317 

Office furniture and fixtures 

1,213 

1,213 

22,526 

23,059 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

(18,253) 

(16,036) 

Equipment and improvements, net 

4,273 

7,023 

F-13 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and amortization expense on equipment and improvements was 2.9 million, 4.0
million and 4.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 respectively. The Company recorded an impairment charge
related to our restructuring against certain equipment and improvements in the amount of 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. See Note 2 above, Restructuring. 
 Other Assets 
 These are office rent deposits. 
 Accrued Liabilities 
 Accrued liabilities consist of the following (in thousands): 

December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Salaries and benefits 

2,779 

3,651 

Restructuring 

912 

1,978 

Pennsylvania grant liability 

1,000 

1,000 

Royalties and revenue sharing 

835 

803 

Income taxes 

160 

176 

Marketing expenses, rebates and other 

66 

126 

Total accrued liabilities 

5,752 

7,734 

Deferred Rent and Other Long Term Liabilities 
 Deferred rent and other long term liabilities consist of the following (in thousands): 

December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Deferred rent 

1,643 

1,986 

Restructuring - beyond one year 

1,977 

1,394 

Sublease deposits 

23 

Deferred revenue - long term 

3 

Total deferred rent and other long term liabilities 

3,643 

3,383 

4. Income Taxes 
 Income (loss) before provision for income taxes was generated from the following sources (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Domestic 

(11,867) 

(27,968) 

(25,269) 
 
 Foreign 

117 

168 

(428) 

Total income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

(11,750) 

(27,800) 

(25,697) 

F-14 

Table of Contents 

 A summary of the income tax expense is as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Current: 

Federal 

50 

State 

5 

(19) 

(440) 
 
 Foreign 

44 

172 

156 

Total current 

49 

153 

(234) 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Total deferred 

Total provision 

49 

153 

(234) 

A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes to the amount of income tax expense that would result from
applying the federal statutory rate to the profit before income taxes is as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Federal statutory rate 

35 

35 

35 

State tax, net of federal benefit 

(1) 

4 

3 

Equity compensation 

(7) 

(3) 

(2) 
 
 R D tax credit 

Other 

2 

(4) 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

(28) 

(39) 

(31) 

(1) 

(1) 

1 

F-15 

Table of Contents 

 The major components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in
thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Deferred income tax assets 

Net operating loss carry forwards 

44,754 

38,204 

Credit carry forwards 

3,708 

3,708 

Fixed Assets 

1,466 

1,498 

Intangibles 

23,029 

26,287 

Equity based compensation 

279 

301 

Nondeductible accruals 

2,382 

2,485 

Various reserves 

149 

162 

Other 

51 

36 

Valuation Allowance 

(75,744) 

(72,582) 

Total deferred income taxes - net 

74 

99 

Deferred income tax liabilities 

Prepaid expenses 

(74) 

(101) 

Total deferred income liabilities 

(74) 

(101) 

Net deferred income tax assets (liabilities) 

(2) 

The Company has federal and state net operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately 101.2
million and 110.4 million, respectively, at December 31, 2014, to reduce future cash payments for income taxes. Of the 101.2 million of NOL carryforwards at December 31, 2014, 0.5 million relates to the excess tax benefits from employee
restricted stock. Equity will be increased by 0.5 million if and when such excess tax benefits are ultimately realized. These federal NOL carryforwards will expire from 2024 through 2034 and state NOL carryforwards will expire 2015 through 2034.
The Company also had 0.5 million of AMT credit carryforwards with an indefinite life, available to offset regular federal income tax requirements. 
 The Company has federal and state tax credit carryforwards of approximately 2.5 million and 0.7 million, respectively, at December 31,
2014. These tax credits will begin to expire in 2027. To the extent that an ownership change has occurred under Internal Revenue Code
Sections 382 and 383, the Company s use of its loss carryforwards and credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be limited. 
 At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties of approximately 0.6 million
for both years. The Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 and the changes in those balances
are as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Beginning Balance 

592 

592 

Increases for tax positions for current year 

Increases/(Decreases) in tax positions for the prior year 

Gross Unrecognized tax benefits, ending balance 

592 

592 

We account for income taxes as required by FASB ASC Topic No. 740, Income Taxes. This Topic clarifies the
accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return. The Topic also provides 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. The Topic requires an entity to recognize the financial statement
impact of a tax position when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon
ultimate settlement. In addition, the Topic permits an entity to recognize interest and penalties related to tax uncertainties either as income tax expense or operating expenses. The Company has chosen to recognize interest and penalties related to
tax uncertainties as income tax expense. The Company assesses whether a valuation allowance should be recorded against its deferred tax
assets based on the consideration of all available evidence, using a more likely than not realization standard. The four sources of taxable income that must be considered in determining whether deferred tax assets will be realized are:
(1) future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences (i.e., offset of gross deferred tax liabilities against gross deferred tax assets); (2) taxable income in prior carryback years, if carryback is permitted under the applicable
tax law; (3) tax planning strategies and (4) future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards. 
 In assessing whether a valuation allowance is required, significant weight is to be given to evidence that can be objectively verified. A
significant factor in the Company s assessment is that the Company has been in a three-year historical cumulative loss as of the end of fiscal 2012. In addition, the Company is also in a loss for the year ending December 31, 2013 as well
as the year ending December 31, 2014. These facts, combined with uncertain near-term market and economic conditions, reduced the Company s ability to rely on projections of future taxable income in assessing the realizability of its
deferred tax assets. After a review of the four sources of taxable income as of December 31, 2014 (as described above), and after
consideration of the Company s continuing cumulative loss position as of December 31, 2014, the Company recorded a valuation allowance related to its U.S.-based deferred tax assets of 75.7 million at December 31, 2014. During fiscal
years 2014, 2013 and 2012, the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets increased by 3.2 million, 12.1 million and 7.2 million, respectively. 
 We recognized interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During the fiscal years 2014 and 2013,
we recognized approximately 3,000 of interest and penalties each year. The cumulative interest and penalties at December 31, 2014 and 2013 were 44,000 and 41,000, respectively. 
 Unrecognized tax benefits of 0.2 million at December 31, 2014 would impact the effective tax rate. We anticipate a decrease in gross
unrecognized tax benefits of approximately 0.2 million within the next twelve months based on federal, state, and foreign statute expirations. 
 The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as to income tax of multiple state jurisdictions. Federal income tax returns of the
Company are subject to IRS examination for the 2012 and 2013 tax years. State income tax returns are subject to examination for a period of three to four years after filing. The Company closed their federal audit of 2011 loss carry back claim during
the year with no impact to the financial statements. As of December 31, 2014, the Company had no outstanding tax audits. The outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty. If any issues addressed in the Company s tax audits are
resolved in a manner not consistent with management s expectations, the Company could be required to adjust its provision for income tax in the period such resolution occurs. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

5. Commitments and Contingencies 
 Leases 
 The Company leases its buildings under operating leases that expire on various dates through 2022. Future minimum annual lease payments under
such leases as of December 31, 2014 are as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ending December 31, 
 
 Operating 

2015 

2,188 

2016 

1,888 

2017 

1,536 

2018 

1,534 

2019 

1,508 

Beyond 

3,080 

Total 

11,734 

As of December 31, 2014, 5.6 million of the remaining lease commitments expense has been accrued as part
of the 2013 Restructuring Plan, partially offset by future estimated sublease income of 3.0 million. Total rent expense was 1.2 million,
 2.4 million and 2.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. As a condition of our new lease in
Pittsburgh, the landlord agreed to incentives of 40.00 per square foot, or a total of 2.2 million, for improvements to the space. These costs have been included in deferred rent in our long-term liabilities and are being amortized over the
remaining lease term. Pennsylvania Opportunity Grant Program 
 On September 26, 2011, we received 1.0 million from the State of Pennsylvania to help fund our agreement to start-up a new facility. The
grant carried with it an obligation, or commitment, to employ at least 232 people within a three-year time period that ended on December 31, 2013. We received an extension of time to meet this employment commitment. The new deadline is now
February 28, 2015. This grant contains conditions that would require us to return a pro-rata amount of the monies received if we fail to meet these conditions. As such, the monies have been recorded as a liability in the accrued liabilities
line item on the balance sheet until we are irrevocably entitled to retain the monies, or until it is determined that we need to return a portion or all of the monies received. 
 Litigation The
Company may become involved in various legal proceedings arising from its business activities. While management does not believe the ultimate disposition of these matters will have a material adverse impact on the Company s consolidated results
of operations, cash flows or financial position, litigation is inherently unpredictable, and depending on the nature and timing of these proceedings, an unfavorable resolution could materially affect the Company s future consolidated results of
operations, cash flows or financial position in a particular period. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

 Other Contingent Contractual Obligations 
 During its normal course of business, the Company has made certain indemnities, commitments and guarantees under which it may be required to
make payments in relation to certain transactions. These include: intellectual property indemnities to the Company s customers and licensees in connection with the use, sale and/or license of Company products; indemnities to various lessors in
connection with facility leases for certain claims arising from such facility or lease; indemnities to vendors and service providers pertaining to claims based on the negligence or willful misconduct of the Company; indemnities involving the
accuracy of representations and warranties in certain contracts; and indemnities to directors and officers of the Company to the maximum extent permitted under the laws of the State of Delaware. In addition, the Company has made contractual
commitments to employees providing for severance payments upon the occurrence of certain prescribed events. The Company may also issue a guarantee in the form of a standby letter of credit as security for contingent liabilities under certain
customer contracts. The duration of these indemnities, commitments and guarantees varies, and in certain cases, may be indefinite. The majority of these indemnities, commitments and guarantees may not provide for any limitation of the maximum
potential for future payments the Company could be obligated to make. The Company has not recorded any liability for these indemnities, commitments and guarantees in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 6. Segment, Customer Concentration and Geographical Information 
 Segment Information 
 Public companies are required to report financial and descriptive information about their reportable operating segments as required by FASB ASC
Topic No. 280, Segment Reporting. The Company has two primary business units based on how management internally evaluates separate financial information, business activities and management responsibility. Wireless includes our QuickLink,
NetWise and CommSuite family of products. Productivity Graphics includes our consumer-based products: Poser, Anime Studio, Manga Studio, MotionArtist and StuffIt. 
 The following table shows the revenues generated by each business unit (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Wireless 

31,276 

35,853 

37,154 

Productivity Graphics 

5,703 

6,822 

6,175 

Total revenues 

36,979 

42,675 

43,329 

Cost of revenues 

9,317 

9,707 

8,448 

Gross profit 

27,662 

32,968 

34,881 

F-19 

Table of Contents 

 Customer Concentration Information 
 A summary of the Company s customers that represent 10 or more of the Company s net revenues is as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Wireless: 

Sprint affiliates) 

68.0 

53.1 

40.7 

Verizon Wireless affiliates) 

7.8 

13.0 

20.5 

Productivity Graphics: 

FastSpring 

11.2 

11.4 

The customers listed above comprised 87 , 83 and 78 of our accounts receivable as of December 31, 2014,
2013 and 2012, respectively. Our major customers could reduce their orders of our products in favor of a competitor s product or for any other reason. The loss of any of our major customers or decisions by a significant customer to
substantially reduce purchases could have a material adverse effect on our business. Geographical Information 
 During the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the Company operated in three geographic locations: the Americas, Asia Pacific
and EMEA (Europe, the Middle East, and Africa). Revenues attributed to the geographic location of the customer s bill-to address, were as follows (in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Americas 

35,689 

38,532 

37,724 

Asia Pacific 

326 

928 

2,871 

EMEA 

964 

3,215 

2,734 

Total revenues 

36,979 

42,675 

43,329 

The Company does not separately allocate specific assets to these geographic locations. 
 7. Profit Sharing 
 The Company offers its employees a 401(k) plan, in which the Company matches the employee contribution at a rate of 20 , subject to a
vesting schedule. Total employer contributions amounted to 0.2 million, 0.3 million and 0.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 8. Stock-Based Compensation 
 Stock Plans 
 On July 28, 2005, our Shareholders approved the 2005 Stock Option / Stock Issuance Plan 2005 Plan ). The 2005 Plan, which
became effective the same date, replaced the 1995 Stock Option / Stock Issuance Plan 1995 Plan ), which expired on May 24, 2005. All outstanding options under the 1995 Plan remained outstanding, but no further grants will be
made under that Plan. The 2005 Plan provides for the issuance of non-qualified or incentive stock options and restricted stock to
employees, non-employee members of the board and consultants. The exercise price per share for option grants is not to be less than the fair market value per share of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The Board of Directors has
the discretion to determine the vesting schedule. Options may be exercisable immediately or in installments, but generally vest over 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

a four-year period from the date of grant. In the event the holder ceases to be employed by the Company, all unvested options terminate and all vested options may be exercised within a period
following termination. In general, options expire ten years from the date of grant. Restricted stock is valued using the closing stock price on the date of the grant. The total value is expensed over the vesting period of 12 to 48 months. The
maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock that were available for issuance over the term of the original 2005 Plan previously could not exceed 5,000,000 shares, plus additional shares equal to 2.5 of the number of shares of common
stock outstanding on the last trading day of the calendar year commencing with calendar year 2006, but not in excess of 750,000 shares. On October 11, 2007, our shareholders voted to approve an amendment to the 2005 Plan to increase the maximum
number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2005 Plan from 5,000,000 shares (plus an annual increase) to 7,000,000 shares (plus an annual increase). 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company has a shareholder approved employee stock purchase plan ESPP ), under which substantially all employees may purchase
the Company s common stock through payroll deductions at a price equal to 85 of the lower of the fair market values of the stock as of the beginning and end of six-month offering periods. An employee s payroll deductions under the ESPP
are limited to 10 of the employee s compensation and employees may not purchase more than the lesser of 25,000 of stock, or 1,000 shares, for any purchase period. Additionally, no more than 1,000,000 shares may be purchased under the plan.
 Stock Compensation Expense 
 The Company accounts for all stock-based payment awards made to employees and directors based on their fair values and recognized as
compensation expense over the vesting period using the straight-line method over the requisite service period for each award as required by FASB ASC Topic No. 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation. 
 Valuation of Stock Option and Restricted Stock Awards 
 The assumptions used to compute the share-based compensation costs for the stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2014,
2013 and 2012, respectively, using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Weighted average grant-date fair value of stock options 

0.57 

0.63 

0.80 

Assumptions 

Risk-free interest rate (weighted average) 

1.2 

0.6 

0.5 

Expected dividend yield 

Weighted average expected life (years) 

4 

4 

4 

Volatility (weighted average) 

82.9 

68.1 

80.0 

Forfeiture rate 

25.5 

11.4 

13.7 
 
 The risk-free interest rate assumption was based on the United States Treasury s rates for U.S. Treasury
zero-coupon bonds with maturities similar to those of the expected term of the award being valued. The Company assumed no dividend yield because it does not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. The weighted average expected life is
the vesting period for those options granted during that period. The average volatility is based on the actual historical volatility of our common stock. The forfeiture rate was based on modified employee turnover. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

 Grants of restricted stock are valued using the closing stock price on the date of grant. In the
year ended December 31, 2014, a total of 50,000 shares of restricted stock, with a total value of 0.1 million, were granted to non-employee members of the Board of Directors. This cost will be amortized over a period of 12 months. In addition,
1.6 million shares of restricted stock, with a total value of 2.8 million, were granted to key officers and employees of the Company. This cost will be amortized over a period of 48 months. 
 Valuation of ESPP 
 The fair values are estimated at the beginning of each offering period using a Black-Scholes valuation model that uses the assumptions noted in
the following table. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Expected volatility was based on the historical volatility on the day of grant. Following is a schedule of the shares purchased, the
fair value per share, and the Black-Scholes model assumptions for each offering period: 

(Ending) 

Offering Period Ended 
 
 March 31, 

September 30, 

March 31, 

September 30, 

March 31, 

2015 

2014 

2014 

2013 

2013 

Shares purchased for offering period 

13,619 

13,734 

19,490 

18,594 

Fair value per share 

0.43 

0.83 

0.30 

0.44 

0.65 

Assumptions 

Risk-free interest rate (average) 

0.40 

0.80 

0.40 

0.11 

0.14 

Expected dividend yield 

Weighted average expected life (years) 

0.5 

0.5 

0.5 

0.5 

0.5 

Volatility (average) 

109.0 

74.0 

44.0 

45.0 

74.0 
 
 Compensation Costs 
 Stock-based non-cash compensation expenses related to stock options, restricted stock grants and the ESPP were recorded in the financial
statements as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Cost of revenues 

13 

20 

13 

Selling and marketing 

270 

766 

865 

Research and development 

659 

809 

765 

General and administrative 

1,437 

1,938 

2,306 

Restructuring expense 

1,273 

Total non-cash stock compensation expense 

3,652 

3,533 

3,949 

Total share-based compensation for each year includes cash payment of income taxes related to grants of
restricted stock in the amounts of 0.2 million, 0.4 million and 0.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Options 
 A summary of the Company s stock options outstanding under the 2005 Plan as of December 31, 2014 and the activity during the years
ended herein are as follows (in thousands except per share amounts): 

Weighted Ave. 

Aggregate 

Shares 

Exercise Price 

Intrinsic Value 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2011 

2,167 

11.03 

(2,167 options exercisable at a weighted average exercise price of 11.03) 

Granted (weighted average fair value of 0.80) 

826 

1.39 

Exercised 

(32) 

0.50 

Cancelled 

(686) 

12.37 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2012 

2,275 

7.02 

(1,474 options exercisable at a weighted average exercise price of 10.09) 

Granted (weighted average fair value of 0.63) 

120 

1.31 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

(225) 

6.52 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2013 

2,170 

6.76 

(1,573 options exercisable at a weighted average exercise price of 8.81) 

Granted (weighted average fair value of 0.57) 

633 

0.95 

Exercised 

(4) 

1.38 

Cancelled 

(665) 

5.98 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2014 

2,134 

5.29 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2014 

1,291 

8.04 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2014 

1,963 

5.66 

During the year ended December 31, 2014, options to acquire 4,000 shares were exercised resulting in cash
proceeds to the Company of 6,000. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the year ended December 31, 2014 was 0.57. As of December 31, 2014, there is 3.3 million of unrecognized compensation costs related
to non-vested stock options and restricted stock granted under the Plan. At December 31, 2014, there were 1.6 million shares available for future grants under the 2005 Stock Issuance / Stock Option Plan. 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 A summary of the Company s restricted stock awards outstanding under the 2005 Plan as of December 31, 2014, and the activity during
years ended therein, are as follows (in thousands): 

Number 

Weighted average 

of shares 

grant date fair value 

Unvested at December 31, 2011 

1,355 

3.21 

Granted 

995 

2.64 

Vested 

(611) 

6.42 

Cancelled and forfeited 

(420) 

8.73 

Unvested at December 31, 2012 

1,319 

4.60 

Granted 

1,495 

1.70 

Vested 

(752) 

4.43 

Cancelled and forfeited 

(316) 

3.00 

Unvested at December 31, 2013 

1,746 

2.48 

Granted 

1,625 

1.79 

Vested 

(1,442) 

2.48 

Cancelled and forfeited 

(204) 

1.79 

Unvested at December 31, 2014 

1,725 

1.91 

F-23 

Table of Contents 

9. Equity Transactions 
 On August 15, 2014, the Company entered into a common stock purchase agreement with a number of accredited investors Investors in a private placement pursuant to which the Company issued and sold to the Investors 6,845,830 shares of its common stock at a price per share of 0.816. The transaction closed on August 20, 2014 and the Company
realized gross proceeds of 5.6 million before deducting commissions and other expenses. Offering costs related to the transaction totaled 0.4 million, comprised of 0.2 million of commissions and 0.2 million of legal and other expenses, resulting
in net proceeds of 5.2 million. The Company filed a registration statement with the SEC providing for the resale of the shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The registration statement became effective on
September 25, 2014. 
 10. Stock Repurchase Program 
 In November 2011, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had approved a program authorizing the repurchase of up to five million
shares of the Company s common stock over a period of up to two years. The Company repurchased 375,000 shares at a cost of 0.8 million during fiscal year 2012. The Company did not repurchase any shares in fiscal year 2013. The program ended on
November 1, 2013. 
 11. Subsequent Events 
 The Company evaluates and discloses subsequent events as required by ASC Topic No. 855, Subsequent Events. The Topic establishes
general standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date but before the financial statements are issued or are available to be issued. 
 Subsequent events have been evaluated as of the date of this filing and there are no further disclosures required. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

12. Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 
 The following financial information reflects all normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair
statement of the results of the interim periods. Summarized quarterly data for fiscal 2014 and 2013 are as follows (in thousands, except per share data): 

Year ended December 31, 2014 

1st Quarter 

2nd Quarter 

3rd Quarter 

4th Quarter 

Selected quarterly financial data: 

Revenues 

8,449 

8,528 

9,448 

10,544 

Gross profit 

6,029 

6,077 

7,247 

8,309 

Operating income (loss) 

(5,134) 

(5,681) 

(1,144) 

217 

Net income (loss) 

(5,167) 

(5,695) 

(1,142) 

205 

Net (loss) per share, basic (1) 

(0.14) 

(0.15) 

(0.03) 

0.00 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic 

37,714 

38,518 

41,225 

45,053 

Net (loss) per share, diluted (1) 

(0.14) 

(0.15) 

(0.03) 

0.00 

Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 

37,714 

38,518 

41,225 

45,053 

Year ended December 31, 2013 

1st Quarter 

2nd Quarter 

3rd Quarter 

4th Quarter 

Selected quarterly financial data: 

Revenues 

11,602 

10,484 

8,746 

11,843 

Gross profit 

9,158 

8,083 

6,254 

9,473 

Operating (loss) 

(6,101) 

(7,248) 

(12,980) 

(1,501) 
 
 Net (loss) 

(6,158) 

(7,244) 

(13,049) 

(1,502) 
 
 Net (loss) per share, basic (1) 

(0.17) 

(0.19) 

(0.35) 

(0.04) 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding, basic 

36,614 

37,247 

37,036 

37,027 

Net (loss) per share, diluted (1) 

(0.17) 

(0.19) 

(0.35) 

(0.04) 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 

36,614 

37,247 

37,036 

37,027 

(1) 
 Basic and diluted net (loss) per share is computed independently for each of the quarters presented. Therefore, the sum of the quarterly per share amounts will not necessarily equal the total for the year.

F-25 

Table of Contents 

 SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS 
 IN THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 
 (In thousands) 

Balance at beginning of period 

Additions charged to costs and expenses 

Deductions 

Balance at end of period 

Allowance for accounts receivable (1): 

2014 

617 

347 

(362) 

602 

2013 

482 

730 

(595) 

617 

2012 

1,382 

1,045 

(1,945) 

482 

Allowance for excess and obsolete inventory: 

2014 

301 

124 

(274) 

151 

2013 

352 

76 

(127) 

301 

2012 

417 

73 

(138) 

352 

(1) 
 Allowances are for retail return reserves, marketing development funds and doubtful accounts. 
 S-1 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 d841063dex211.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

1. 
 Allume Systems, Inc., a California corporation. 

2. 
 Tag Acquisition Corporation II, a Delaware corporation. 

3. 
 E Frontier Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 

4. 
 IS Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

5. 
 Tel Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 

6. 
 STF Technologies, Inc., a Missouri corporation. 

7. 
 Smith Micro Software LLC Belgrade, a Serbia corporation. 

8. 
 Smith Micro Software UK Limited, a United Kingdom corporation. 

9. 
 William W. Smith Software Canada. Ltd., a Canadian corporation. 

10. 
 Smith Micro Software, Asia Limited, a Hong Kong corporation. 

11. 
 Mobility Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 

12. 
 Core Mobility, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 d841063dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement (Nos. 333-02418, 333-40106, 333-62134, 333-121330, 333-123042, 333-129132, 333-149222,
333-169671 and 333-179764) on Form S-8 and Registration Statement (Nos. 333-123821, 333-128695, 333-134611, 333-137408 and 333-198728) on Form S-3 and Registration Statement (No. 333-161659) on Form S-4 of Smith Micro Software, Inc. and subsidiaries
of our report dated February 27, 2015, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements and the financial statement schedule, which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Smith Micro Software, Inc. and subsidiaries for the
year ended December 31, 2014. /s/ SingerLewak LLP 
 Los Angeles, California February 27, 2015 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 d841063dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) I, William W.
Smith, Jr., certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Smith Micro Software, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 27, 2015 

/s/ William W. Smith, Jr. 

William W. Smith, Jr. 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 d841063dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) I, Steven M.
Yasbek, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Smith Micro Software, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 27, 2015 

/s/ Steven M. Yasbek 

Steven M. Yasbek 

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 d841063dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in his
capacity as an officer of Smith Micro Software, Inc., that, to his knowledge, the Annual Report of Smith Micro Software, Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2014, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the company. 

Date: February 27, 2015 

/s/ William W. Smith, Jr. 

William W. Smith, Jr. 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: February 27, 2015 

/s/ Steven M. Yasbek 

Steven M. Yasbek 

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Smith Micro Software, Inc. and
will be retained by Smith Micro Software, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 smsi-20141231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 smsi-20141231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 smsi-20141231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 smsi-20141231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 smsi-20141231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 smsi-20141231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

