<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20150313_10-K_edgar_data_1543643_0001193125-15-090920.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24145870</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>730454</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6032229</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6849430</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4918124</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4587553</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-15-090920.hdr.sgml : 20150313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20150313145541
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-15-090920
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CU Bancorp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001543643
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				900779788
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35683
		FILM NUMBER:		15698969

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15821 VENTURA BOULEVARD, SUITE 100
		CITY:			ENCINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91436
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(818) 257-7779

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15821 VENTURA BOULEVARD, SUITE 100
		CITY:			ENCINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91436

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-15-090920.txt : 20150313

10-K
 1
 d856177d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20015
 FORM 10-K 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to
 CU BANCORP 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Commission File Number 001-35683 

California 
 
 90-0779788 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

818 W. 7th Street, Suite 220 Los Angeles, California 
 
 90017 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 (213) 430-7000 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Common Stock, no par value, The NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will
not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, if definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of accelerated filer and large accelerated filer in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated Filer 

Non Accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2014, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate
market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was approximately 190.5 million based upon the closing price of shares of the registrant s Common Stock, no par value, as reported by The NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC.
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock (no par value) at the close of business on
March 9, 2015 was 16,732,061. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 The information required to be disclosed pursuant to Part III of this report either shall be (i) deemed to be incorporated by reference from
selected portions of CU Bancorp s definitive proxy statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, if such proxy statement is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the
end of the Company s most recently completed fiscal year, or (ii) included in an amendment to this report filed with the SEC on Form 10-K/A not later than the end of such 120 day period. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1 
 
 Business 

5 

ITEM 1A 
 
 Risk Factors 

29 

ITEM 1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

ITEM 2 
 
 Properties 

45 

ITEM 3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

45 

ITEM 4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

45 

PART II 

ITEM 5 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

46 

ITEM 6 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

49 

ITEM 7 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

51 

ITEM 7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

85 

ITEM 8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

92 

ITEM 9 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

92 

ITEM 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

92 

ITEM 9B 
 
 Other Information 

93 

PART III 

ITEM 10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

93 

ITEM 11 
 
 Executive Compensation 

93 

ITEM 12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

93 

ITEM 13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

93 

ITEM 14 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

93 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

94 

Signatures 

166 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Forward Looking Statements In addition to the historical information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the
 1933 Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ). Those sections of the 1933 Act and 1934 Act provide a safe harbor for forward-looking statements to encourage
companies to provide prospective information about their financial performance so long as they provide meaningful, cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ significantly from projected results.
 The Company s forward-looking statements include descriptions of plans or objectives of management for future operations, products or
services, and forecasts of its revenues, earnings or other measures of economic performance. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often include the words
 believe, expect, intend, estimate anticipates, project , assume , plan , predict or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs
such as will, would, should, could or may. We make forward-looking statements as
set forth above and regarding projected sources of funds, availability of acquisition and growth opportunities, dividends, adequacy of our allowance for loan and lease losses and provision for loan and lease losses, our loan portfolio and subsequent
charge-offs. Forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond our control. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties that could cause our financial performance to differ materially from our goals, plans, expectations and projections expressed in forward-looking statements include those set
forth in our filings with the SEC, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the following: 

Current and future economic and market conditions in the United States generally or in the communities we serve, including the effects of declines in
property values, high unemployment rates and overall slowdowns in economic growth should these events occur. 

The effects of trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws. 

Possible losses of businesses and population in Los Angeles, Orange, Ventura, San Bernardino or Riverside Counties. 

Loss of customer checking and money-market account deposits as customers pursue other higher-yield investments, particularly in a rising rate
environment. 

Possible changes in consumer and business spending and saving habits and the related effect on our ability to increase assets and to attract deposits.

Competitive market pricing factors. 

Deterioration in economic conditions that could result in increased loan losses. 

Risks associated with concentrations in real estate related loans. 

Risks associated with concentrations in deposits. 

Loss of significant customers. 

Market interest rate volatility. 

Possible changes in the creditworthiness of customers and the possible impairment of the collectability of loans. 

Changes in the speed of loan prepayments, loan origination and sale volumes, loan loss provisions, charge offs or actual loan losses.

Compression of our net interest margin. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Stability of funding sources and continued availability of borrowings to the extent necessary. 

Changes in legal or regulatory requirements or the results of regulatory examinations that could restrict growth. 

The inability of our internal disclosure controls and procedures to prevent or detect all errors or fraudulent acts. 

Inability of our framework to manage risks associated with our business, including operational risk and credit risk, to mitigate all risk or loss to
us. 

Our ability to keep pace with technological changes, including our ability to identify and address cyber-security risks such as data security breaches,
 denial of service attacks, hacking and identity theft. 

The effects of man-made and natural disasters, including earthquakes, floods, droughts, brush fires, tornadoes and hurricanes.

The effect of labor and port slowdowns on small businesses. 

Risks of loss of funding of Small Business Administration or SBA loan programs, or changes in those programs. 

Lack of take-out financing or problems with sales or lease-up with respect to our construction loans. 

Our ability to recruit and retain key management and staff. 

Availability of, and competition for, acquisition opportunities. 

Risks associated with merger and acquisition integration. 

Significant decline in the market value of the Company that could result in an impairment of goodwill. 

Regulatory limits on the Bank s ability to pay dividends to the Company. 

New accounting pronouncements. 

The impact of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act and related rules and regulations on the
Company s business operations and competitiveness. 

Our ability to comply with applicable capital and liquidity requirements (including the finalized Basel III capital standards), including our ability
to generate capital internally or raise capital on favorable terms. 

Increased regulation of the securities markets, including the securities of the Company, whether pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or
otherwise. 

The effects of any damage to our reputation resulting from developments related to any of the items identified above. 
 For a more detailed discussion of some of the risk factors, see the section entitled Risk Factors below. 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. The Company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements
to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. You should consider any forward looking statements in light of this explanation, and we
caution you about relying on forward-looking statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 ITEM 1 BUSINESS General CU Bancorp, headquartered in Downtown Los Angeles, California, is
a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and is also a bank holding company within the meaning of Section 1280 of the California Financial Code. Our principal business is to serve as the holding
company for our bank subsidiary, California United Bank, which we refer to as CUB or the Bank . When we say we , our or the Company , we mean the Company on a consolidated basis with the Bank.
When we refer to CU Bancorp or the holding company , we are referring to the parent company on a stand-alone basis. The shares of CU Bancorp are listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the trading symbol CUNB . 
 CU Bancorp was incorporated as a California corporation on November 16, 2011, and became the holding company for California United
Bank on July 31, 2012 by acquiring all the voting stock of California United Bank. The creation of the bank holding company for the Bank was approved by the shareholders of the Bank on July 23, 2012. 
 California United Bank was incorporated on September 30, 2004, under the laws of the State of California and commenced operations on
May 23, 2005. The Bank is authorized to engage in the general commercial banking business and its deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC up to the applicable limits of the law. CUB is a California
state-chartered banking corporation and is not a member of the Federal Reserve System. At year end 2014, the Company had
consolidated total assets of 2.3 billion, total loan balances of 1.6 billion, and total deposits of 1.9 billion. Additional information regarding our business, as well as regarding our acquisitions, is included in the information set forth in
Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A and Note 2, Business Combinations, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and is incorporated
herein by reference. The internet address of the Company s website is www.cubancorp.com. The Company makes available
free of charge through the Company s website, the Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports. The Company makes these reports available on its website
on the same day they appear on the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC website. Banking Business 
 CU Bancorp s principal business is to serve as the holding company for the Bank and for any other banking or banking related
subsidiaries which the Company may establish in the future. We have not engaged in any other material activities to date. The
Bank is a full-service commercial bank offering a broad range of banking products and services designed for small and medium-sized businesses, non-profit organizations, business owners and entrepreneurs, and the professional community, including
attorneys, certified public accountants, financial advisors and healthcare providers and investors. Our deposit products include demand, money market, and certificates of deposit; loan products include commercial, real estate construction,
commercial real estate, SBA and personal loans. We also provide cash management services, online banking, commercial credit cards and other primarily business-oriented products. 
 The principal executive offices of the Bank and the Company are located at 818 W. 7th Street, Suite 220, Los Angeles, CA, 90017. In
addition to the Los Angeles headquarters office of the Bank, the Bank has nine additional full-service branches in the Ventura/Los Angeles/Orange County/San Bernardino metropolitan area; 
 5 

Table of Contents 

those branches are located in Encino, West Los Angeles, Valencia, Simi Valley, Thousand Oaks, Gardena, Anaheim, Irvine/Newport Beach and Ontario. The Los Angeles Headquarters and Ontario
full-service branches were acquired as part of the Company s acquisition of 1st Enterprise Bank in November 2014 (as discussed below). The Anaheim and Irvine/Newport Beach branches were acquired in connection with our acquisition of Premier
Commercial Bancorp and Premier Commercial Bank, N.A. in 2012 (as discussed below). The Irvine/Newport Beach branch was relocated in 2013 to ground floor space in a modern office complex into which the former 1st Enterprise Irvine branch was combined
in February 2015. Recent Developments On November 30, 2014, the Company acquired 1st Enterprise Bank through a merger of 1st Enterprise Bank 1st Enterprise with and into California United Bank. 1st Enterprise common stock
was converted, at a ratio of 1.345 shares of CU Bancorp Stock for each share of 1st Enterprise common stock, into approximately 5.2 million shares of CU Bancorp common stock. In addition, CU Bancorp issued 16,400 shares of CU Bancorp
Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A CU Bancorp Preferred Stock ), to the U.S. Department of the Treasury Treasury as part of the Small Business Lending Fund program in exchange for 16,400 outstanding shares
of 1st Enterprise Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series D. The 1st Enterprise merger added 833 million in assets to the Company. K. Brian Horton (former President and Director of 1st Enterprise) became President and Director of the California United Bank and CU Bancorp following the merger; with David I. Rainer retaining his
positions as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank and the Company. Four former 1st Enterprise directors, David C. Holman, K. Brian Horton, Charles R. Beauregard and Jeffrey J. Leitzinger, Ph.D joined the Board of Directors
of the Bank and the Company following the merger. Immediately following the transaction, the Company relocated its headquarters to the former Downtown Los Angeles, California headquarters of 1st Enterprise. Three 1st Enterprise branches located in
Los Angeles, Ontario, and Irvine began operations as California United Bank effective December 1, 2014. In February 2015, the Irvine branch office was closed and converted to a loan production office, as recognition of the location of
CUB s Irvine/Newport Branch within 1.5 miles and on the same street. Also in February 2015, the 1st Enterprise data
processing system was combined with the Company s data processing system to provide seamless service and information, as well as access to products and capabilities to all of the Company s customers. 
 Strategy Our strategic
objective is to be the premier community-based commercial bank in southern California, with emphasis on the Greater Los Angeles/Orange/Ventura/San Bernardino and Riverside metropolitan and suburban business areas. The Bank s value proposition
is to provide a premier business banking experience through relationship banking, depth of expertise, resources and products. Our objective is to serve most segments of the business community and industries within our market area. We compete
actively for deposits, and emphasize solicitation of core deposits, particularly noninterest-bearing deposits. In managing the top line of our business, we focus on making quality loans and gathering low-cost deposits to maximize our net interest
margin and to support growth of a strong and stable loan portfolio. We maintain a strong community bank philosophy of
focusing on and understanding the individualized banking needs of the businesses, professionals, entrepreneurs and other of our core constituents. We believe this focus allows us to be more responsive to our customers needs and provide a high
level of personal service, which differentiates us from larger competitors. As a locally managed institution with strong ties to the community, our core customers are primarily comprised of businesses and individuals who prefer to build a banking
relationship with a community bank that offers and combines financial strength with high quality, competitively priced banking products and personalized services. Our ability to provide relationship business
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

banking and our community roots have been further strengthened in 2014 through the merger with 1st Enterprise, which operated with a similar philosophy. Because of our identity and origin as a
locally-owned and operated bank and our deep connection to the communities we serve, we believe that our level of personal service provides a competitive advantage over the larger in and out-of-state banks, which tend to consolidate decision-making
authority outside local communities. We combine this with experienced, in-market relationship banking officers who provide the full suite of available products to customers. Most of our relationship managers live in their market areas and are active
in their communities. These individuals and the Company s marketing outreach are supplemented by the various Advisory Director Boards which are established in strategic regions of our market and which provide us with knowledge of the business
environment in individual communities and access to local business leaders. We have established a Director Emeritus Board to retain the expertise and marked acumen of former members of our Board of Directors and the Boards of Premier Commercial Bank
and 1st Enterprise. We are also active in charities and non-profit organizations in our market, with a philosophy which emphasizes outstanding corporate citizenship. 
 We generate our revenue primarily from the interest received on the various loan products and investment securities
and fees from providing deposit services and making loans. In sales of the guaranteed portion of SBA loans, we typically receive gains on sale which is also non-interest income. The Bank relies on a foundation of locally generated and
relationship-based deposits to fund loans. Our Bank has a relatively low cost of funds compared to peers due to a high percentage of noninterest-bearing and low cost deposits to total deposits. Other than as discussed herein with regard to
reciprocal CDARS and the ICS deposits, we do not currently utilize brokered deposits. Our operations,
similar to other financial institutions with operations predominately focused in Southern California, are significantly influenced by economic conditions in Southern California, including the strength of the commercial real estate market, the fiscal
and regulatory policies of the federal and state governments and the regulatory authorities that govern financial institutions. See Supervision and Regulation below. 
 We expect to continue to opportunistically expand and grow our business by building on our business strategy and increasing market share
in our key Southern California markets. We believe the demographics and growth characteristics within the communities we serve will provide significant franchise enhancement opportunities to leverage our core competencies while acquisitive growth
and hiring will enable us to take advantage of the infrastructure and scalable platform that we have assembled. The Southern California market is dominated by large regional and national financial institutions. Consolidation continues to reduce the
number of community based and locally managed banks in operation. We believe this consolidation has presented opportunities for both organic growth and acquisitions and that there is a significant lack of service provided to our target market by
larger banks, as well as a lack of ability to service this segment by smaller banks. Through our personal service, and experienced community-based relationship managers and, along with a broad product line, we believe we can continue to achieve
internal growth and attract customers from other larger financial institutions, as well as increase business from existing customers. 
 Products Offered The
Bank offers a full array of competitively priced commercial and personal loan and deposit products, as well as other services delivered directly or through strategic alliances with other service providers. The products offered are aimed at both
business and individual customers in our target market. Loan Products 
 We offer a diversified mix of business loans encompassing the following loan products: (i) commercial and industrial loans;
(ii) commercial real estate loans; (iii) construction loans; and (iv) SBA loans. We also offer home equity lines of credit HELOCS , to accommodate the needs of business owners and individual clients, as well as personal
loans (both secured and unsecured) for that customer segment. In the event creditworthy loan customers borrowing needs exceed our legal lending limit, or house limit (an amount less than our legal limit
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

which by policy is the highest amount we lend to one borrower, subject to certain exceptions which must be approved by the Chief Credit Officer and the Chief Executive Officer or the President
and in limited circumstances (absence of approving officers) by the Chairman of the Board of Directors Loan Committee and the Chief Credit Officer or by the Chairman of the Board of Directors Loan Committee and the Chief Executive Officer or the
President), we have the ability to sell participations in those loans to other banks. We encourage relationship banking, obtaining a substantial portion of each borrower s banking business, including deposit accounts. Other than as set forth
below, the Bank does not currently engage in consumer mortgage lending. Commercial and Industrial Loans . These
loans comprise a significant portion of our loan portfolio and are made to businesses located in the Southern California region and surrounding communities whose borrowing needs are generally 5.0 million or less. These loans are directly
underwritten by us. These loans are made to finance operations, to provide working capital, or for specific purposes such as to finance the purchase of assets, equipment or inventory. Our commercial and industrial loans may be secured (other than by
real estate) or unsecured. They may take the form of single payment, installment, equipment financing loans (secured by the underlying equipment) or lines of credit. These are generally based on the financial strength and integrity of the borrower
and guarantor(s) and generally (with some exceptions) are collateralized by short term assets such as accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, real estate or a borrower s other business assets. Commercial term loans are typically made to
finance the acquisition of fixed assets, refinance short-term debt originally used to purchase fixed assets, or, in rare cases, to finance the purchase of businesses. Construction, Miniperm Loans, Land Development and Other Land Loans . We originate and underwrite interim land and construction loans as well as miniperm loans, collateralized by first or
junior deeds of trust on specific commercial properties which are principally in our primary market areas. Land loans are primarily for entitlements and infrastructure. We originate construction, renovation and conversion loans to businesses on
commercial, residential and income producing properties, which generally have terms of less than two years. Miniperm loans finance the purchase and/or ownership of commercial properties, including owner-occupied and income producing properties.
Miniperm loans are generally made with an amortization schedule ranging from 15 to 25 years with a lump sum balloon payment due in one to ten years. We do not engage in any large tract construction lending. Our construction loans are generally
limited to experienced developers who are known to our management. We impose a limit on the loan to value ratio on all real estate lending. The project financed must be supported by current independent third party appraisals (which are reviewed by
our appraisal department), environmental reviews where appropriate and other relevant information. We review each loan request and renewal individually. Commercial and Residential Real Estate Loans . We originate and underwrite commercial property and multi-family loans principally within our service area. Typically, these loans are held in
our loan portfolio and collateralized by the underlying property. The property financed must be supported by current independent third party appraisals at the date of origination (which are reviewed by our appraisal department) and other relevant
information. SBA Loans. SBA loans are made through programs designed by the federal government to assist the
small business community in obtaining financing from financial institutions that are given government guarantees as an incentive to make the loans. The Bank has been designated as an SBA Preferred Lender. Our SBA loans fall into three categories,
loans originated under the SBA s 7a Program 7a Loans ), loans originated under the SBA s 504 Program 504 Loans and SBA Express Loans. SBA 7a Loans are commercial business loans generally made for the
purpose of purchasing real estate to be occupied by the business owner, providing working capital, and/or purchasing equipment or inventory. SBA 504 Loans are collateralized by commercial real estate and are generally made to business owners for the
purpose of purchasing or improving real estate for their use and for equipment used in their business. SBA lending is subject
to federal legislation that can affect the availability and funding of the program. From time to time, this dependence on legislative funding causes limitations and uncertainties with regard to the continued funding of such programs, which could
potentially have an adverse financial impact on our business. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Home Equity Lines of Credit HELOCS . We offer home equity lines of
credit HELOCS , which are revolving lines of credit collateralized by senior or junior deeds of trust on residential real properties, the applicants for which are generally our individual clientele and the principals and executives of our
business customers. They generally bear a rate of interest that floats with the Bank s base rate or the prime rate and have maturities of five to ten years. Personal Loans. We offer personal loans. Generally, these are unsecured, but they may be secured by collateral, including deposit accounts or marketable securities. The Bank does not
currently originate first trust deed home mortgage loans or home improvement loans. Deposit Products
 As a full-service commercial bank, we focus deposit generation on relationship accounts, encompassing non-interest
bearing demand, interest bearing demand, and money market. In order to facilitate generation of non-interest bearing demand deposits, we require, depending on the circumstances and the type of relationship, our borrowers to maintain deposit balances
with us as a typical condition of granting loans. We also offer certificates of deposit and savings accounts. We service our attorney clients by offering Interest on Lawyers Trust Accounts, IOLTA in accordance with the requirements
of the California State Bar. We market deposits by offering the convenience of third party couriers or, in appropriate cases armored vehicles, which contract with our customers, as well as a remote deposit capture product
that allows deposits to be made via computer at the customer s business location. We also offer customers e-statements that allows customers to receive statements electronically, which is more convenient and secure, in addition to
reducing paper and being environmentally-friendly. For customers requiring full FDIC insurance on
certificates of deposit in excess of 250,000, we offer the CDARS program, which allows the Bank to place the
certificates of deposit with other participating banks to maximize the customers FDIC insurance. We receive a like amount of deposits from other participating financial institutions. In addition, we offer on a limited basis the ICS 
program, an insured deposit sweep program for demand deposits which is a product offered by Promontory Interfinancial Network, LLC, which is also the provider of the CDARS program. Similarly to the CD s discussed above, the Bank receives a like amount of deposits from other financial institutions and all customer deposits are
insured by the FDIC. These reciprocal CDARS and ICS deposits are classified as brokered 
deposits in regulatory reports and are currently the only brokered deposits utilized by the Bank; the Bank considers these deposits to be core in nature. Investment Products We compete with other larger and multi-state
institutions for deposits. We have traditionally offered customers requiring either higher yields or more security investment sweeps into multiple types of money market funds provided by Dreyfus Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of New
York Mellon Corporation, although this service has been temporarily discontinued. All of the funds invest in short-term securities and seek high current income, the preservation of capital and the maintenance of liquidity and each fund favors
stability over growth. As a condition to access these products, we require the customer to maintain a certain level of demand deposits. Furthermore, we have also entered into repurchase agreements with sophisticated business customers,
many of whom act as fiduciaries and require additional security above FDIC deposit insurance. These are essentially borrowings by the Bank, secured by U.S. Government and Agency securities from its investment portfolio. These are disclosed on the
Bank s financial statements as Securities Sold under Agreements to Repurchase. We also offer a repo sweep product whereby the deposits of qualifying customers are swept into repurchase agreements on a daily
basis. Through a third party arrangement with a registered representative of National Planning Corporation, member FINRA/SIPC
we offer customers, upon request, the ability to purchase mutual funds, securities, annuities and insurance. The Bank considers this an ancillary product to its commercial banking activities. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Electronic Banking 
 While personalized, service-oriented banking is the cornerstone of our business plan, we use technology and the Internet as a secondary
means for servicing customers, to compete with larger banks and to provide a convenient platform for customers to review and transact business. We offer sophisticated electronic or internet banking opportunities that permit commercial
customers to conduct much of their banking business remotely from their home or business. However, our customers will always have the opportunity to personally discuss specific banking needs with knowledgeable bank officers and staff who are
directly accessible in the branches and offices as well as by telephone and email. The Bank offers multiple electronic
banking options to its customers. It does not allow the origination of deposit accounts through online banking, nor does it accept loan applications through its online services. All of the Bank s electronic banking services allow customers to
review transactions and statements, review images of paid items, transfer funds between accounts at the Bank, place stop orders, pay bills and export to various business and personal software applications. CUB Online Commercial Banking also allows
customers to initiate domestic wire transfers and ACH transactions, with the added security and functionality of assigning discrete access and levels of security to different employees of the client. 
 Additionally, we offer Positive Pay, an antifraud service that allows businesses to review all issued checks daily and provides them with
the ability to pay or reject any item. ACH Positive Pay is also offered to allow customers to review ACH transactions on a daily basis. Commencing in late 2013, we began to offer our internet banking customers an additional third party product designed to assist in mitigating fraud risk to both the customer and the Bank in internet
banking and other internet activities conducted by the customer, at no cost to the customer. The Bank has its own home
page address on the World Wide Web as an additional means of expanding our market and providing banking services through the Internet. Members of the public can also communicate with us through the website. Our website address is:
www.californiaunitedbank.com or www.cunb.com. Other Services 
 In addition to providing a full complement of lending and deposit products and related services, we provide our
customers with many additional services, either directly or through other providers, including, but not limited to, commercial and stand-by letters of credit, domestic and international wire transfers, on site Automated Teller Machines ATM s and Visa Debit Cards and ATM cards. We also provide bank-by-mail services, courier
services, armored transport, lock box, cash vault, cash management services, telephone banking, night depositories, credit cards and international services. We reimburse our customers for charges for utilization of other banks ATM s up to
a maximum of 20 per month. Competition The banking business in California, and in our market area, is highly competitive with respect to both loans and deposits and is dominated by a relatively small number of major financial institutions with
many offices operating over a wide geographic area, including institutions based outside of California. The increasingly competitive environment faced by banks is a result primarily of changes in laws and regulations, changes in technology and
product delivery systems, and the accelerating pace of consolidation among financial services providers. We also compete for loans and deposits with other commercial banks, as well as with finance companies, credit unions, securities and brokerage
companies, money market funds and other non-financial institutions. Larger financial institutions offer certain services (such as trust services or wealth management) that we do not offer directly (but some of which we offer indirectly through
correspondent institutions or other relationships). These institutions also have the ability to finance extensive advertising campaigns, and have the ability to allocate investment assets to regions of highest yield and demand. By virtue of their
greater total 
 10 

Table of Contents 

capitalization, such institutions also have substantially higher lending limits 1 than we have. Customers may also move deposits into the equity and bond markets which also compete with us as an
investment alternative. Our ability to compete is based primarily on the basis of relationship, customer service and
responsiveness to customer needs. Our preferred lender status with the Small Business Administration allows us to approve SBA loans faster than many of our competitors. We distinguish ourselves with the availability and accessibility of
our senior management to customers and prospects. In addition, our knowledge of our markets and industries assists us in locating, recruiting and retaining customers. Our ability to compete also depends on our ability to continue to attract and
retain our senior management and experienced relationship managers. Further, our ability to compete depends in part on our ability to continue to develop and market new products and services, to provide state-of-the-art features in our internet
banking and to differentiate our products and services. In order to compete with the major financial institutions in our
primary service area, we use, to the fullest extent possible, the familiarity of our directors, relationship managers, officers and advisors within our market, its residents, businesses and the flexibility that our independent status will permit.
This includes an emphasis on specialized services, local promotional activity, and personal contacts. We also work with the local Chambers of Commerce and professionals such as CPA s and attorneys to invite local businesses to meet our
relationship managers, management and directors. In addition, our directors and shareholders refer customers, as well as bring their own business to the Bank. We also have an active calling program whereby we contact targeted business prospects and
solicit both deposit and loan business. Employees As of December 31, 2014, we had 250 full-time employees. Our employees are not represented by any union or other collective bargaining agreement. 
 Financial and Statistical Disclosure Certain of our statistical information are presented within Item 6. Selected Financial Data, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations and Item 7A. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosure About Market Risk. This information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data. 

1 
 Legal lending limits to each customer are limited to a percentage of a bank s shareholders equity, allowance for loan losses, and capital notes and
debentures; the exact percentage depends upon the nature of the loan transaction. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 The names, ages as of December 31, 2014, recent business experience and positions or offices held by each of the executive officers
of the Company are as follows: 

Name and Position Held 
 
 Age 

Recent Business Experience 

David I. Rainer, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

57 

Chief Executive Officer and Director of California United Bank since inception in 2005 and of CU Bancorp from inception in 2012. He became Chairman of the Board in June 2009. Mr.
Rainer is a member of the Board of Directors of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, Los Angeles Branch. 

K. Brian Horton, President and Director 

54 

President and Director of CU Bancorp and California United Bank since December 1, 2014. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Horton was a Director and President of 1st Enterprise Bank
(which was acquired by the Company on November 30, 2014). He was a co-founder of 1st Enterprise. 

Anne A. Williams, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Credit Officer and Director of California United Bank 

57 

Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer of California United Bank since 2005 and of CU Bancorp since 2012. Chief Operating Officer of California United Bank since 2008.
Director of California United Bank since January 2009. 

Karen A. Schoenbaum, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

52 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of California United Bank since October 2009. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CU Bancorp since 2012.
Prior to joining the Bank, Ms. Schoenbaum served as Executive Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer of Premier Business Bank in Los Angeles. 

Anita Y. Wolman, Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

63 

Executive Vice President General Counsel of California United Bank since January 2009 and of CU Bancorp since 2012. In November 2013 she was appointed Chief Administrative
Officer. She previously was Senior Vice President Legal/Compliance beginning in 2005. 
 Supervision and Regulation General CU Bancorp and the Bank are subject to significant
regulation and restrictions by federal and state laws and regulatory agencies. This regulation is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and the deposit insurance fund, and secondarily for the stability of the U.S. banking system. It is
not intended for the benefit of shareholders of financial institutions. The following discussion of statutes and regulations is a summary and does not purport to be complete nor does it address all applicable statutes and regulations. This
discussion is also qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text and to the implementation and enforcement of the statutes and regulations referred to in this discussion. 
 Our profitability, like most financial institutions, is primarily dependent on interest rate differentials spreads ). In
general, the difference between the interest rates paid by the Bank on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and other borrowings, and the interest rates received by the Bank on interest-earning assets, such as loans extended to customers
and securities held in the investment portfolio, will comprise the major portion of our earnings. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, such as inflation, recession and unemployment, and the impact which
future changes in domestic and foreign economic conditions might have on us cannot be predicted. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Our business is also influenced by the monetary and fiscal policies of the federal
government and the policies of regulatory agencies, particularly the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). The Federal Reserve implements national monetary policies through its open-market operations in
U.S. Government securities by adjusting the required level of reserves for depository institutions subject to its reserve requirements, and by varying the target federal funds and discount rates applicable to borrowings by depository
institutions. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve in these areas influence the growth of loans, investments, and deposits and also affect interest earned on interest-earning assets and paid on interest-bearing liabilities. The nature and
impact of any future changes in monetary and fiscal policies on us cannot be predicted. Initiatives may be proposed or
introduced before Congress, the California Legislature, and other government bodies in the future that may further alter the structure, regulation, and competitive relationship among financial institutions and may subject us to increased supervision
and disclosure, compliance costs and reporting requirements. In addition, the various bank regulatory agencies often adopt new rules and regulations and policies to implement and enforce existing legislation. 
 It cannot be predicted whether, or in what form, any such legislation or regulatory changes in policy may be enacted or the extent to
which the business of the Bank would be affected thereby. In addition, the outcome of examinations, any litigation, or any investigations initiated by state or federal authorities may result in necessary changes in our operations and increased
compliance costs. Legislation and Regulatory Developments 
 Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act The implementation and impact of legislation and regulations enacted since 2008 in response to the U.S. economic downturn and financial industry instability continued in 2014 as a modest recovery was
experienced by many institutions in the banking sector. Certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank are now effective and have been fully implemented, including the revisions in the
deposit insurance assessment base for Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance and the permanent increase in deposit insurance coverage to 250,000; the permissibility of paying interest on business checking accounts; the
removal of barriers to interstate branching and required disclosure and shareholder advisory votes on executive compensation. Implementation in 2014 of additional Dodd-Frank regulatory provisions included aspects of (i) the final new capital
rules, and (ii) the so called Volcker Rule restrictions on certain proprietary trading and investment activities. The numerous rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to Dodd-Frank are likely to significantly impact our
operations and compliance costs. In the exercise of their supervisory and examination authority, the regulatory agencies have
emphasized corporate governance, stress testing, enterprise risk management and other board responsibilities; anti-money laundering compliance and enhanced high risk customer due diligence; vendor management; cyber security and fair lending and
other consumer compliance obligations. Capital Adequacy Requirements 
 Bank holding companies and banks are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by state and federal banking
agencies. New capital rules described below were effective on January 1, 2014, and are being phased in over various periods. The basic capital rule changes were fully effective on January 1, 2015, but many elements are being phased in over
multiple years. Capital adequacy guidelines and, additionally for banks, prompt corrective action regulations (See Prompt Corrective Action Provisions below), involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain
off-balance sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators about components, risk weighting, and other factors. At December 31, 2014, the
Company s and the Bank s capital ratios exceeded the minimum capital adequacy guideline percentage requirements of the federal banking agencies for being considered well capitalized institutions. See Item 7,
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Resources. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 The current risk-based capital guidelines for bank holding companies and banks require
capital ratios that vary based on the perceived degree of risk associated with a banking organization s operations for both transactions reported on the balance sheet as assets, such as loans, and those recorded as off-balance sheet items, such
as commitments, letters of credit and recourse arrangements. The risk-based capital ratio is determined by classifying assets and certain off-balance sheet financial instruments into weighted categories, with higher levels of capital being required
for those categories perceived as representing greater risks and dividing its qualifying capital by its total risk-adjusted assets and off-balance sheet items. Bank holding companies and banks engaged in significant trading activity may also be
subject to the market risk capital guidelines and be required to incorporate additional market and interest rate risk components into their risk-based capital standards. To the extent that the new rules are not fully phased in, the prior capital
rules continue to apply. Under the risk-based capital guidelines in place prior to the effectiveness of the new capital
rules, there were three fundamental capital ratios: a total risk-based capital ratio, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio and a Tier 1 leverage ratio. To be deemed well capitalized a bank must have a total risk-based capital ratio, a Tier
1 risk-based capital ratio and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least ten percent, six percent and five percent, respectively. Under the capital rules that applied in 2014, there was no Tier 1 leverage requirement for a holding company to be deemed
well-capitalized. The following table sets forth the regulatory capital guidelines and the actual capitalization levels for
the Company and the Bank as of December 31, 2014: 

Adequately Capitalized 

Well- Capitalized 

CU Bancorp 

California United Bank 

(greater than or equal to) 

Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

8.0 

10.0 

11.6 

11.2 

Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

4.0 

6.0 

11.0 

10.6 

Tier 1 Leverage Capital Ratio 

4.0 

5.0 

12.9 

12.4 
 
 Pursuant to federal regulations, banks must maintain capital levels commensurate with the level of risk
to which they are exposed, including the volume and severity of problem loans. Federal regulators may, however, set higher capital requirements when a bank s particular circumstances warrant and have required many banks and bank holding
companies subject to enforcement actions to maintain capital ratios in excess of the minimum ratios otherwise required to be deemed well capitalized, in which case institutions may no longer be deemed well capitalized and may therefore be subject to
restrictions on taking brokered deposits. As of December 31, 2014, both the Bank s and the Company s leverage capital ratios exceeded regulatory minimums. New Financial Institution Capital Rules and Minimum Capital Ratios In July
2013, the federal bank regulatory agencies adopted final regulations which revised their risk-based and leverage capital requirements for banking organizations to meet requirements of Dodd-Frank and to implement international agreements reached by
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision intended to improve both the quality and quantity of banking organizations capital Basel III ). Dodd-Frank requires the Federal Reserve to apply consolidated capital requirements to
depository institution holding companies that are no less stringent than those currently applied to depository institutions. Although many of the rules contained in these final regulations are applicable only to large, internationally active banks,
some of them will apply on a phased-in basis to all banking organizations, including the Company and the Bank. Our capital ratios may affect our ability to pay dividends. See Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Dividends and Note 22, Regulatory Matters , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 The following are among the new requirements that are phased-in beginning January 1,
2015 under the new capital rules: 

an increase in the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio from 4.00 to 6.00 of risk-weighted assets; 

a new category and a required 4.50 of risk-weighted assets ratio is established for common equity Tier 1 as a subset of Tier 1 capital
limited to common equity; 

a minimum non-risk-based leverage ratio is set at 4.00 with no 3.00 exception for higher rated banks; 

changes in the permitted composition of Tier 1 capital to exclude trust preferred securities (however, trust preferred securities issued prior to
May 19, 2010 by a bank holding company with less than 15 billion in assets, such as CU Bancorp, will continue to be included in Tier 1 capital, subject to a limit of 25 of Tier 1 capital elements; see further discussion below), mortgage
servicing rights and certain deferred tax assets and include unrealized gains and losses on available for sale debt and equity securities; 

the risk-weights of certain assets for purposes of calculating the risk-based capital ratios are changed for high volatility commercial real estate
acquisition, development and construction loans, certain past due non-residential mortgage loans and certain mortgage-backed and other securities exposures; 

an additional countercyclical capital buffer is required for larger and more complex institutions; and 

a new additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of risk weighted assets over each of the required capital ratios will be phased in from 2016 to
2019 and must be met to avoid limitations on the ability of the Company and the Bank to pay dividends, repurchase shares or pay discretionary bonuses. Including the capital conservation buffer of 2.5 , the new final capital rule would result in the following minimum ratios: (i) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 , (ii) a common equity Tier 1
capital ratio of 7.0 , and (iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5 . The new capital conservation buffer requirement will be phased in beginning in January 2016 at 0.625 of risk-weighted assets and would increase each year until fully implemented
in January 2019. While the new final capital rule sets higher regulatory capital standards for the Company and the Bank, bank regulators may also continue their past policies of expecting banks to maintain additional capital beyond the new minimum
requirements. The implementation of the new capital rules or more stringent requirements to maintain higher levels of capital or to maintain higher levels of liquid assets could adversely impact the Company s net income and return on equity,
restrict the ability to pay dividends or executive bonuses and require the raising of additional capital. While the Company
is currently evaluating the final rules and their expected impact on the Company, based upon a preliminary assessment, we believe the Company s and Bank s current capital levels at December 31, 2014 would equal or exceed these minimum
capital requirements, including the capital conservation buffer, if they were in effect on that date. Under Dodd Frank, trust
preferred securities and cumulative perpetual preferred stock will be excluded from Tier 1 capital, unless such securities were issued prior to May 19, 2010 by a bank holding company with less than 15 billion in assets. CU Bancorp assumed
approximately 12.4 million of junior subordinated debt securities issued to various business trust subsidiaries of Premier Commercial Bancorp and funded through the issuance of approximately 12.0 million of floating rate capital trust preferred
securities. These junior subordinated debt securities were issued prior to May 19, 2010. Because CU Bancorp has less than 15 billion in assets, the trust preferred securities that CU Bancorp assumed from Premier Commercial Bancorp will
continue to be included in Tier 1 capital, subject to a limit of 25 of Tier 1 capital elements. The 16,400 shares of 1st
Enterprise Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series D that were converted into the right to receive 16,400 shares of the Company s Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A in the merger of 1st Enterprise Bank with and into the
Bank will continue to constitute Tier 1 capital, because non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock remained classified as Tier 1 capital following the enactment of Dodd Frank. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Final Volcker Rule 
 In December 2013, the federal bank regulatory agencies adopted final rules that implement a part of the Dodd-Frank Act commonly referred
to as the Volcker Rule. Under these rules and subject to certain exceptions, banking entities are restricted from engaging in activities that are considered proprietary trading and from sponsoring or investing in certain entities,
including hedge or private equity funds that are considered covered funds. These rules became effective April 1, 2014, although certain provisions are subject to delayed effectiveness under rules promulgated by the Federal Reserve.
The Company and the Bank held no investment positions at December 31, 2014 which were subject to the final rule. Therefore, while these new rules may require us to conduct certain internal analysis and reporting, we believe that they will not
require any material changes in our operations or business. Securities Registration and Listing 
 CU Bancorp s common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). As such, CU Bancorp is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading, corporate governance, and other disclosure requirements and restrictions of the Exchange Act, as well as
the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ), both administered by the SEC. We are required to file annual, quarterly and other current reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site, http://www.sec.gov, at which all forms
accessed electronically may be accessed. Our SEC filings are also available on our website at www.cubancorp.com . Our
securities are listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market and trade under the symbol CUNB . As a company listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, CU Bancorp is subject to NASDAQ standards for listed companies. CU Bancorp is also subject to the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act FDICIA ), provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, and other federal and state laws and regulations which address, among other issues, requirements for
executive certification of financial presentations, corporate governance requirements for board audit and compensation committees and their members, as well as disclosure of controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting,
auditing and accounting, executive compensation, and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate information. NASDAQ has also adopted corporate governance rules, which are intended to allow shareholders and investors to more easily and efficiently
monitor the performance of companies and their directors. Corporate Governance and the JOBS Act 
 Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, publicly-held companies such as the Company have significant requirements, particularly in the area of
external audits, financial reporting and disclosure, conflicts of interest, and corporate governance. The Dodd-Frank Act has added new corporate governance and executive compensation requirements, including mandated resolutions for public company
proxy statements such as an advisory vote on executive compensation (more frequently referred to as say-on-pay votes) or executive compensation payable in connection with a merger (more frequently referred to as say-on-golden
parachute votes) and new stock exchange listing standards. However, CU Bancorp is an emerging growth
company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 the JOBS Act and as a result, CU Bancorp is not
yet subject to all of these regulations. CU Bancorp also will not be subject to certain requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including the additional level of review of its internal control over financial reporting as may
occur when outside auditors attest as to its internal control over financial reporting. The Bank is subject to an additional level of review of its internal controls over financial reporting under FDICIA. 
 Further, an emerging growth company may elect to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public
companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies, but must make such election when the company is first required to file a registration statement. Such 
 16 

Table of Contents 

an election is irrevocable during the period a company is an emerging growth company. At inception, CU Bancorp elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period to
comply with new or amended accounting pronouncements in the same manner as a private company, although prior to 2013 there were no such accounting pronouncements. During 2013, however, the Company opted-in to compliance with new or
amended accounting pronouncements in the same fashion as other public companies. As a result, for the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company s financial statements are comparable to companies which complied with such new or revised
accounting standards when originally effective. CU Bancorp may remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of:
(i) the last day of the fiscal year in which it has total annual gross revenues of 1.0 billion or more; (ii) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, which is fiscal year 2017; (iii) the date on which CU Bancorp has, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt;
or (iv) the date on which CU Bancorp is deemed to be a large accelerated filer under Securities and Exchange Commission regulations (generally, at least 700 million of voting and non-voting equity held by non-affiliates).
 Dividends It is the Federal Reserve s policy that bank holding companies should generally pay dividends on common stock only out of income available over the past year, and only if prospective earnings
retention is consistent with the organization s expected future needs and financial condition. It is also the Federal Reserve s policy that bank holding companies should not maintain dividend levels that undermine their ability to be a
source of strength to its banking subsidiaries. The Federal Reserve has also discouraged payment ratios that are at maximum allowable levels unless both asset quality and capital are very strong. 
 The terms of our Subordinated Debentures also limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. If we are not current in our
payment of dividends in our payment of interest on our Subordinated Debentures, we may not pay dividends on our common stock. 
 Quarterly dividends are paid to the U.S. Department of the Treasury pursuant to the terms of the CU Bancorp Preferred Stock. The payment
of preferred dividends does not require approval from the Federal Reserve and other regulatory agencies. California law
additionally limits the Company s ability to pay dividends. A corporation may make a distribution/dividend from retained earnings to the extent that the retained earnings exceed (a) the amount of the distribution plus (b) the amount
if any, of dividends in arrears on shares with preferential dividend rights. Alternatively, a corporation may make a distribution/dividend, if, immediately after the distribution, the value of its assets equals or exceeds the sum of (a) its
total liabilities plus (b) the liquidation preference of any shares which have a preference upon dissolution over the rights of shareholders receiving the distribution/dividend. 
 The Bank is a legal entity that is separate and distinct from its holding company. The Company is dependent on the performance of the
Bank for funds which may be received as dividends from the Bank for use in the operation of the Company and the ability of the Company to pay dividends to shareholders. Subject to the regulatory restrictions which currently further restrict the
ability of the Bank to declare and pay dividends, future cash dividends by the Bank will depend upon management s assessment of future capital requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors. When effective, the new minimum capital
rule may restrict dividends by the Bank, if the additional capital conservation buffer is not achieved. The powers of the
board of directors of the Bank to declare a cash dividend to the Company is subject to California law, which restricts the amount available for cash dividends to the lesser of a bank s retained earnings or net income for its last three fiscal
years (less any distributions to shareholders made during such period). Where the above test is not met, cash dividends may still be paid, with the prior approval of the California 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Department of Business Oversight DBO in an amount not exceeding the greatest of (1) retained earnings of the bank; (2) the net income of the bank for its last fiscal year;
or (3) the net income of the bank for its current fiscal year. Bank Holding Company Regulation 
 As a bank holding company, CU Bancorp is registered with and subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended, or the BHCA. CU Bancorp is also a bank holding company within the meaning of Section 1280 of the California Financial Code and is subject to examination by, and may be required to file reports with, the DBO. 
 Federal Reserve policy historically has required bank holding companies to act as a source of financial strength to their bank
subsidiaries and to commit capital and financial resources to support those subsidiaries in circumstances where it might not otherwise do so. Dodd-Frank codified this policy as a statutory requirement. Under this requirement, CU Bancorp is expected
to commit resources to support the Bank, including at times when we may not be in a financial position to do so. Similarly, under the cross-guarantee provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, the FDIC can hold any FDIC-insured depository
institution liable for any loss suffered or anticipated by the FDIC in connection with (i) the default of a commonly controlled FDIC-insured depository institution or (ii) any assistance provided by the FDIC to such a commonly controlled
institution. Under the BHCA, we are subject to periodic examination by the Federal Reserve. We are also required to file with
the Federal Reserve periodic reports of our operations and such additional information regarding the Company and its subsidiaries as the Federal Reserve may require. We are also subject to examination by the DBO and are required to file reports with
the DBO. Pursuant to the BHCA, we are required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before we acquire all or
substantially all of the assets of any bank or ownership or control of voting shares of any bank if, after giving effect to such acquisition, we would own or control, directly or indirectly, more than 5 percent of such bank. In connection with
such transactions, the Federal Reserve is required to consider certain competitive, management, financial, anti-money laundering compliance and other impacts. Under the BHCA, we may not engage in any business other than managing or controlling banks or furnishing services to our subsidiaries that the Federal Reserve deems to be so closely related to banking as
 to be a proper incident thereto. We are also prohibited, with certain exceptions, from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 percent of the voting shares of any company unless the company is engaged in
banking activities or the Federal Reserve determines that the activity is so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident to banking. The Federal Reserve s approval must be obtained before the shares of any such company can be acquired
and, in certain cases, before any approved company can open new offices. The BHCA and regulations of the Federal Reserve also
impose certain constraints on the redemption or purchase by a bank holding company of its own shares of stock. Additionally,
bank holding companies that meet certain eligibility requirements prescribed by the BHCA and elect to operate as financial holding companies may engage in, or own shares in companies engaged in, a wider range of nonbanking activities, including
securities and insurance activities and any other activity that the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, determines by regulation or order is financial in nature, incidental to any such financial activity or
complementary to any such financial activity and does not pose a substantial risk to the safety or soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. Pursuant to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLB Act and Dodd-Frank,
in order to elect and retain financial holding company status, a bank holding company and all depository institution subsidiaries of a bank holding company must be well capitalized and well managed, and, except in limited circumstances, depository
subsidiaries must be in satisfactory compliance with the Community Redevelopment Act CRA ), which 
 18 

Table of Contents 

requires banks to help meet the credit needs of the communities in which they operate. Failure to sustain compliance with these requirements or correct any non-compliance within a fixed time
period could lead to divestiture of subsidiary banks or require all activities to conform to those permissible for a bank holding company. CU Bancorp has not elected financial holding company status and has not engaged in any activities determined
by the Federal Reserve to be financial in nature or incidental or complementary to activities that are financial in nature. 
 Banking subsidiaries of bank holding companies are also subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal and state law in dealing with
their holding companies and other affiliates, specifically under Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and Federal Reserve Regulation W (and similar state statutes). Subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Federal Reserve Act, a
bank can make a loan or extend credit to an affiliate, purchase or invest in the securities of an affiliate, purchase assets from an affiliate, accept securities of an affiliate as collateral for a loan or extension of credit to any person or
company, issue a guarantee or accept letters of credit on behalf of an affiliate only if the aggregate amount of the above transactions of such subsidiary does not exceed 10 percent of such subsidiary s capital stock and surplus on an
individual basis or 20 percent of such subsidiary s capital stock and surplus on an aggregate basis. Such transactions must be on terms and conditions that are consistent with safe and sound banking practices and on terms no less favorable
than those available from unaffiliated persons. A bank holding company banking subsidiary may not purchase a low-quality asset, as that term is defined in the Federal Reserve Act, from an affiliate. Such restrictions also prevent a
holding company and its other affiliates from borrowing from a banking subsidiary of the holding company unless the loans are secured by collateral. Dodd-Frank significantly expands the coverage and scope of the limitations on affiliate transactions
within a banking organization. Bank holding companies and affiliates are prohibited from tying the provision of services,
such as extensions of credit, to other services offered by a holding company or its affiliates. The Federal Reserve has cease
and desist powers over parent bank holding companies and non-banking subsidiaries where the action of a parent bank holding company or its non-financial institutions represent an unsafe or unsound practice or violation of law. The Federal Reserve
has the authority to regulate debt obligations, other than commercial paper, issued by bank holding companies by imposing interest ceilings and reserve requirements on such debt obligations. 
 In addition to these explicit limitations, the federal regulatory agencies have general authority to prohibit a banking subsidiary or
bank holding company from engaging in an unsafe or unsound banking practice. Depending upon the circumstances, the agencies could take the position that paying a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, the Bank Holding Company Act and the Change in Bank Control Act, together with the applicable regulations,
require Federal Reserve approval (or, depending on the circumstances, no notice of disapproval) prior to any person or company acquiring control of a bank or bank holding company. A conclusive presumption of control exists if an
individual or company acquires the power, directly or indirectly, to direct the management or policies of an insured depository institution or to vote 25 or more of any class of voting securities of any insured depository institution. A rebuttable
presumption of control exists if a person or company acquires 10 or more but less than 25 of any class of voting securities of an insured depository institution and either the institution has registered securities under Section 12 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or as we will refer to as the Exchange Act, or no other person will own a greater percentage of that class of voting securities immediately after the acquisition. Our common stock is registered under Section 12
of the Exchange Act. Under California law, a person or entity proposing to directly or indirectly acquire control of a California bank must also obtain permission from the DBO. California statutes define control as either
(i) indirectly or directly owning, controlling or having power to vote 25 or more of the voting securities of a bank; or (ii) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person, whether through the ownership of
voting securities, by contract (other than a commercial contract for goods or 
 19 

Table of Contents 

non-management services), or otherwise; provided, however, that no individual shall be deemed to control a person solely on account of being a director, officer, or employee of such person. For
purposes of paragraph (ii), a person who, directly or indirectly, owns, controls, holds with the power to vote, or holds proxies representing, 10 or more of the then outstanding voting securities issued by another person is presumed to control such
other person. The Federal Reserve maintains a policy statement on minority equity investments in banks and bank holding
companies, that generally permits investors to (i) acquire up to 33 of the total equity of a target bank or bank holding company, subject to certain conditions, including (but not limited to) that the investing firm does not acquire 15 or
more of any class of voting securities, and (ii) designate at least one director, without triggering the various regulatory requirements associated with control. As a bank holding company, we are required to obtain prior approval from the
Federal Reserve before (i) acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of a bank or bank holding company, (ii) acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the outstanding voting stock of any bank or bank
holding company (unless we own a majority of such bank s voting shares), or (iii) merging or consolidating with any other bank or bank holding company. In determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition, federal bank regulators
will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition, the public benefits expected to be received from the acquisition, the projected capital ratios and levels on a post-acquisition basis, and the acquiring
institution s record of addressing the credit needs of the communities it serves, including the needs of low and moderate income neighborhoods, consistent with the safe and sound operation of the bank, under the CRA. In its most recent
examination of its CRA activities the Bank received an Outstanding rating. Stock Redemptions and
Repurchases It is an essential principle of safety and soundness that a banking organization s redemption and
repurchases of regulatory capital instruments, including common stock, from investors be consistent with the organization s current and prospective capital needs. In assessing such needs, the board of directors and management of a bank holding
company should consider the Dividend Factors discussed previously under Dividends . The risk-based capital rule directs bank holding companies to consult with the Federal Reserve before redeeming any equity or other capital
instrument included in Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital prior to stated maturity, if such redemption could have a material effect on the level or composition of the organization s capital base. Bank holding companies experiencing financial
weaknesses, or that are at significant risk of developing financial weaknesses, must consult with the appropriate Federal Reserve supervisory staff before redeeming or repurchasing common stock or other regulatory capital instruments for cash or
other valuable consideration. Similarly, any bank holding company considering expansion, either through acquisitions or through new activities, also generally must consult with the appropriate Federal Reserve supervisory staff before redeeming or
repurchasing common stock or other regulatory capital instruments for cash or other valuable consideration. In evaluating the appropriateness of a bank holding company s proposed redemption or repurchase of capital instruments, the Federal
Reserve will consider the potential losses that the holding company may suffer from the prospective need to increase reserves and write down assets from continued asset deterioration and the holding company s ability to raise additional common
stock and other Tier 1 capital to replace capital instruments that are redeemed or repurchased. A bank holding company must inform the Federal Reserve of a redemption or repurchase of common stock or perpetual preferred stock for cash or
other value resulting in a net reduction of the bank holding company s outstanding amount of common stock or perpetual preferred stock below the amount of such capital instrument outstanding at the beginning of the quarter in which the
redemption or repurchase occurs. In addition, a bank holding company must advise the Federal Reserve sufficiently in advance of such redemptions and repurchases to provide reasonable opportunity for supervisory review and possible objection
should the Federal Reserve determine a transaction raises safety and soundness concerns. Regulation Y requires that a
bank holding company that is not well capitalized or well managed, or that is subject to any unresolved supervisory issues, provide prior notice to the Federal Reserve for any repurchase or redemption of its equity securities for cash or other value
that would reduce by 10 or more the holding company s consolidated net worth aggregated over the preceding 12-month period. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Annual Reporting; Examinations 
 The holding company is required to file an annual report with the Federal Reserve, and such additional information as the Federal Reserve
may require. The Federal Reserve may examine a bank holding company and any of its subsidiaries, and charge the company for the cost of such an examination. Imposition of Liability for Undercapitalized Subsidiaries FDICIA requires
bank regulators to take prompt corrective action to resolve problems associated with insured depository institutions. In the event an institution becomes undercapitalized, it must submit a capital restoration plan. The
capital restoration plan will not be accepted by the regulators unless each company having control of the undercapitalized institution guarantees the subsidiary s compliance with the capital restoration plan until it
becomes adequately capitalized. For purposes of this statute, the holding company has control of the Bank. Under FDICIA, the aggregate liability of all companies controlling a particular institution is limited to the lesser of five
percent of the depository institution s total assets at the time it became undercapitalized or the amount necessary to bring the institution into compliance with applicable capital standards. FDICIA grants greater powers to bank regulators
in situations where an institution becomes significantly or critically undercapitalized or fails to submit a capital restoration plan. For example, a bank holding company controlling such an institution can be required to
obtain prior Federal Reserve approval of proposed distributions, or might be required to consent to a merger or to divest the troubled institution or other affiliates. State Law Restrictions As a California corporation, the holding company is
subject to certain limitations and restrictions under applicable California corporate law. For example, state law restrictions in California include limitations and restrictions relating to indemnification of directors, distributions and dividends
to shareholders (discussed above), transactions involving directors, officers or interested shareholders, maintenance of books, records, and minutes, and observance of certain corporate formalities. 
 Bank Regulation The Bank, as a California state-chartered bank, is subject to primary supervision and examination by the DBO, as well as the FDIC. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDI Act and the
California Financial Code, California state chartered commercial banks may generally engage in any activity permissible for national banks. Therefore, the Bank may form subsidiaries to engage in the many so-called closely related to
banking or nonbanking activities commonly conducted by national banks in operating subsidiaries or subsidiaries of bank holding companies. Further, pursuant to amendments enacted by the GLB Act, California banks may conduct certain
 financial activities in a subsidiary to the same extent as may a national bank, provided the bank is and remains well-capitalized, well-managed and in satisfactory compliance with the CRA, which requires banks to
help meet the credit needs of the communities in which they operate. The Bank currently has no financial subsidiaries. 
 Specific federal and state laws and regulations which are applicable to banks regulate, among other things, the scope of their business,
their investments, their reserves against deposits, the timing of the availability of deposited funds, the nature and amount of and collateral for certain loans, borrowings, capital requirements, certain check-clearing activities, branching, and
mergers and acquisitions. California banks are also subject to various federal statutes and regulations including Federal
Reserve Regulation O, Federal Reserve Act Sections 23A and 23B and Regulation W and similar state statutes, which restrict or limit loans or extensions of credit to insiders , including officers, directors and principal
shareholders, and loans or extension of credit by banks to affiliates or purchases of assets from affiliates, including parent bank holding companies, except pursuant to certain exceptions and terms and conditions at least as favorable to those
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated parties. Dodd-Frank expanded definitions and restrictions on transactions with affiliates and insiders under Section 23A and 23B and
also lending limits for derivative transactions, repurchase agreements and securities lending and borrowing transactions. The
Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of San Francisco. Among other benefits, each FHLB serves as a reserve or central bank for its members within its assigned region and makes available loans or advances to its members.
Each FHLB is financed primarily from the sale of consolidated obligations of the FHLB system. As an FHLB member, the Bank is required to own a certain amount of capital stock in the FHLB. At December 31, 2014, the Bank was in compliance with
the FHLB s stock ownership requirement and our investment in FHLB capital stock totaled 8 million. In addition to the
foregoing, the following summary identifies some of the more significant laws, regulations, and policies that affect our operations; it is not intended to be a complete listing or description of all laws and regulations that apply to us and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable laws and regulations. Supervision and Enforcement Authority
 The federal and California regulatory structure gives the bank regulatory agencies extensive discretion in connection with
their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. The regulatory agencies have adopted
guidelines to assist in identifying and addressing potential safety and soundness concerns before an institution s capital becomes impaired. The guidelines establish operational and managerial standards generally relating to: (1) internal
controls, information systems, and internal audit systems; (2) loan documentation; (3) credit underwriting; (4) interest-rate exposure; (5) asset growth and asset quality; and (6) compensation, fees and benefits. Further,
the regulatory agencies have adopted safety and soundness guidelines for asset quality and for evaluating and monitoring earnings to ensure that earnings are sufficient for the maintenance of adequate capital and reserves. If, as a result of an
examination, the DBO or the FDIC should determine that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, or other aspects of the Bank s operations are unsatisfactory or that the Bank or its
management is violating or has violated any law or regulation, the DBO and the FDIC, and separately the FDIC, as insurer of the Bank s deposits, have residual authority to: 

Require affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice; 

Direct an increase in capital and the maintenance of higher specific minimum capital ratios, which may preclude the Bank from being deemed
well-capitalized and restrict its ability to accept certain brokered deposits; 

Restrict the Bank s growth geographically, by products and services, or by mergers and acquisitions; 

Enter into informal or formal enforcement orders, including memoranda of understanding, written agreements and consent or cease and desist orders or
prompt corrective action orders to take corrective action and cease unsafe and unsound practices; 

Require prior approval of senior executive officer or director changes; remove officers and directors and assess civil monetary penalties; and

Terminate FDIC insurance, revoke the charter and/or take possession of and close and liquidate the Bank or appoint the FDIC as receiver.
 Prompt Corrective Action Authority 
 The FDI Act provides a framework for regulation of depository institutions and their affiliates, including parent holding companies, by
their federal banking regulators. Among other things, it requires the relevant federal banking regulator to take prompt corrective action with respect to a depository institution if that
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

institution does not meet certain capital adequacy standards, including requiring the prompt submission of an acceptable capital restoration plan. Supervisory actions by the appropriate federal
banking regulator under the prompt corrective action rules generally depend upon an institution s classification within five capital categories as defined in the regulations. The relevant capital measures are the capital ratio, the Tier 1
capital ratio, and the leverage ratio. However, the federal banking agencies have also adopted non-capital safety and soundness standards to assist examiners in identifying and addressing potential safety and soundness concerns before capital
becomes impaired. These include operational and managerial standards relating to: (i) internal controls, information systems and internal audit systems, (ii) loan documentation, (iii) credit underwriting, (iv) asset quality and
growth, (v) earnings, (vi) risk management, and (vii) compensation and benefits. A depository
institution s capital tier under the prompt corrective action regulations will depend upon how its capital levels compare with various relevant capital measures and the other factors established by the regulations. An institution may be
downgraded to, or deemed to be in, a capital category that is lower than indicated by its capital ratio, if it is determined to be in an unsafe or unsound condition or if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating with respect to certain
matters. The FDI Act generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distributions (including payment of
a dividend) or paying any management fee to its parent holding company, if the depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. Undercapitalized institutions are subject to growth limitations and are required to
submit a capital restoration plan. The regulatory agencies may not accept such a plan without determining, among other things, that the plan is based on realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed in restoring the depository institution s
capital. In addition, for a capital restoration plan to be acceptable, the depository institution s parent holding company must guarantee that the institution will comply with such capital restoration plan. The bank holding company must also
provide appropriate assurances of performance. The aggregate liability of the parent holding company is limited to the lesser of (i) an amount equal to 5.0 of the depository institution s total assets at the time it became
undercapitalized and (ii) the amount which is necessary (or would have been necessary) to bring the institution into compliance with all capital standards applicable with respect to such institution as of the time it fails to comply with the
plan. If a depository institution fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. Significantly undercapitalized depository institutions may be subject to a number of requirements
and restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient voting stock to become adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, and cessation of receipt of deposits from correspondent banks. Critically
undercapitalized institutions are subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator. The appropriate federal
banking agency may, under certain circumstances, reclassify a well capitalized insured depository institution as adequately capitalized. The FDI Act provides that an institution may be reclassified if the appropriate federal banking agency
determines (after notice and opportunity for a hearing) that the institution is in an unsafe or unsound condition or deems the institution to be engaging in an unsafe or unsound practice. The appropriate agency is also permitted to require an
adequately capitalized or undercapitalized institution to comply with the supervisory provisions as if the institution were in the next lower category (but not treat a significantly undercapitalized institution as critically undercapitalized) based
on supervisory information other than the capital levels of the institution. The prompt corrective action standards were
changed when the new capital rule ratios become effective as discussed under Legislative and Regulatory Developments . Brokered Deposit Restrictions Well-capitalized institutions are not
subject to limitations on brokered deposits, while an adequately capitalized institution is able to accept, renew or roll over brokered deposits only with a waiver from the FDIC and subject to certain restrictions on the yield paid on such deposits.
Undercapitalized institutions are generally not permitted to accept, renew, or roll over brokered deposits. CUB is eligible to accept brokered deposits but, except with regard to reciprocal deposits related to CDARS and ICS products, does not
utilize brokered deposits at this time and has no current intention of doing so in the near term. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Loans to One Borrower 
 With certain limited exceptions, the maximum amount that a California bank may lend to any borrower at any one time (including the
obligations to the bank of certain related entities of the borrower) may not exceed 25 percent (and unsecured loans may not exceed 15 percent) of the bank s shareholders equity, allowance for loan loss, and any capital notes and
debentures of the bank. The Bank by policy has lower house limits that it generally will not exceed without the approval of the Chief Credit Officer and the Chief Executive Officer or the President and in limited circumstances (absence
of approving officers) by the Chairman of the Board of Directors Loan Committee and the Chief Credit Officer or by the Chairman of the Board of Directors Loan Committee and the CEO or the President. 
 Extensions of Credit to Insiders and Transactions with Affiliates 
 The Federal Reserve Act and Federal Reserve Regulation O place limitations and conditions on loans or extensions of credit to: 

a bank or bank holding company s executive officers, directors and principal shareholders (i.e., in most cases, those persons who own, control or
have power to vote more than 10 percent of any class of voting securities); 

any company controlled by any such executive officer, director or shareholder; or 

any political or campaign committee controlled by such executive officer, director or principal shareholder. 
 Such loans and leases: 

must comply with loan-to-one-borrower limits; 

require prior full board approval when aggregate extensions of credit to the person exceed specified amounts; 

must be made on substantially the same terms (including interest rates and collateral) and follow credit-underwriting procedures no less stringent than
those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with non-insiders; 

must not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features; and 

in the aggregate must not exceed the bank s unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus. 
 The California Financial Code and DBO regulations adopt and apply Regulation O to the Bank and provide additional limitations on
loans to affiliates. Affiliate Transactions 
 The Bank also is subject to certain restrictions imposed by Federal Reserve Act Sections 23A and 23B, as amended by Dodd-Frank, and
Federal Reserve Regulation W on any extensions of credit by the Bank to, or the issuance of a guarantee or letter of credit on behalf of, any affiliates, the purchase of, or investments in, stock or other securities thereof, the taking of such
securities as collateral for loans, and the purchase of assets of any affiliates. Affiliates include parent holding companies; sister banks, sponsored and advised companies, financial subsidiaries (but not operating subsidiaries or other permissible
bank subsidiaries) and investment companies where the Bank s affiliate serves as investment advisor. Sections 23A and 23B and Regulation W generally: 

prevent any affiliates from borrowing from the bank unless the loans are secured by marketable obligations of designated amounts;

limit such loans and investments to or in any affiliate individually to 10 percent of the bank s capital and surplus;
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

limit such loans and investments to all affiliates in the aggregate to 20 percent of the bank s capital and surplus; and

require such loans and investments to or in any affiliate to be on terms and under conditions substantially the same or at least as favorable to the
bank as those prevailing for comparable transactions with non-affiliated parties. Additional restrictions
on transactions with affiliates may be imposed on the Bank under the FDI Act s prompt corrective action regulations and the supervisory authority of the federal and state banking agencies. 
 Deposit Insurance 
 The FDIC is an independent federal agency that insures deposits, up to prescribed statutory limits, of federally insured banks and savings
institutions and safeguards the safety and soundness of the banking and savings industries. The FDIC insures our customer deposits through the Deposit Insurance Fund (the DIF up to prescribed limits for each depositor. Pursuant to
Dodd-Frank, the maximum deposit insurance amount has been permanently increased to 250,000 per depositor. As required by Dodd-Frank, the FDIC adopted a DIF restoration plan which became effective on January 1, 2011. Among other things, the
plan: (1) raises the minimum designated reserve ratio, which the FDIC is required to set each year, to 1.35 percent (from the former minimum of 1.15 percent) and removes the upper limit on the designated reserve ratio (which was
formerly capped at 1.5 percent) and consequently on the size of the fund; (2) requires that the fund reserve ratio reach 1.35 percent by 2020; (3) eliminates the requirement that the FDIC provide dividends from the fund when the
reserve ratio is between 1.35 percent and 1.5 percent; and (4) continues the FDIC s authority to declare dividends when the reserve ratio at the end of a calendar year is at least 1.5 percent, but grants the FDIC sole
discretion in determining whether to suspend or limit the declaration or payment of dividends. The FDI Act continues to require that the FDIC s Board of Directors consider the appropriate level for the designated reserve ratio annually and, if
changing the designated reserve ratio, engage in notice-and-comment rulemaking before the beginning of the calendar year. The FDIC has set a long-term goal of getting its reserve ratio up to 2 of insured deposits by 2027. 
 On February 7, 2011, the FDIC approved a final rule, as mandated by Dodd-Frank, changing the deposit insurance assessment system
from one that is based on total domestic deposits to one that is based on average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity. In addition, the final rule creates a scorecard-based assessment system for larger banks (those with more than
 10 billion in assets) and suspends dividend payments if the DIF reserve ratio exceeds 1.5 percent, but provides for decreasing assessment rates when the DIF reserve ratio reaches certain thresholds. Larger insured depository institutions
will likely pay higher assessments to the DIF than under the old system. Additionally, the final rule includes an adjustment for depository institution debt whereby an institution would pay an additional premium equal to 50 basis points on
every dollar of long-term, unsecured debt held as an asset that was issued by another insured depository institution to the extent that all such debt exceeds 3 percent of the other insured depository institution s Tier 1 capital. The
new rule became effective for the quarter beginning April 1, 2011. In 2014 our FDIC insurance assessment was 844,000. 
 The FDIC may terminate a depository institution s deposit insurance upon a finding that the institution s financial condition
is unsafe or unsound or that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices that pose a risk to the DIF or that may prejudice the interest of the bank s depositors. The termination of deposit insurance for a bank would also result
in the revocation of the bank s charter by the DBO. Depositor Preference 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Act provides that, in the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository
institution, the claims of depositors of the institutions, including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors, and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured
claims against the institution. If an insured depository institution fails, 
 25 

Table of Contents 

insured and uninsured depositors, along with the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of unsecured non-deposit creditors, with respect to any extensions of credit they have made to such
insured depository institution. Audit Requirements 
 The Bank is required to have an annual independent audit, alone or as a part of its bank holding company s audit, and to prepare all
financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The holding company has an annual independent audit; the Bank does not have a separate independent audit. CU Bancorp s Audit and Risk Committee serves as the
Audit Committee for the Bank and is composed entirely of independent directors. As required by NASDAQ, CU Bancorp has certified that its audit committee has adopted a formal written charter and meets the requisite number of directors, independence,
and qualification standards. The combined Audit Committee meets NASDAQ and bank regulatory agency requirements. Under the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, Management is required to assess the effectiveness of the Bancorp s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014. These assessments are included in Part II Item 9A Controls
and Procedures. Anti-Money Laundering and OFAC Regulation 
 A major focus of governmental policy on financial institutions in recent years has been aimed at combating money laundering and terrorist
financing. The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 BSA and subsequent laws and regulations require the Bank to take steps to prevent the use of the Bank or its systems from facilitating the flow of illegal or illicit money and to file suspicious
activity reports. Those requirements include ensuring effective Board and management oversight, establishing policies and procedures, developing effective monitoring and reporting capabilities, ensuring adequate training and establishing a
comprehensive internal audit of BSA compliance activities. The USA Patriot Act of 2001 Patriot Act significantly expanded the anti-money laundering AML and financial transparency laws and regulations by imposing
significant new compliance and due diligence obligations, creating new crimes and penalties and expanding the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United States. Regulations promulgated under the Patriot Act impose various requirements on financial
institutions, such as standards for verifying client identification at account opening and maintaining expanded records (including Know Your Customer and Enhanced Due Diligence practices) and other obligations to maintain
appropriate policies, procedures and controls to aid the process of preventing, detecting, and reporting money laundering and terrorist financing. An institution subject to the Patriot Act must provide AML training to employees, designate an AML compliance officer and annually audit the AML program to assess its effectiveness. The federal regulatory
agencies continue to issue regulations and new guidance with respect to the application and requirements of BSA and AML. The United States has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, nationals and
others. Based on their administration by Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), these are typically known as the OFAC rules. The OFAC-administered sanctions targeting countries take many different forms.
Generally, however, they contain one or more of the following elements: (i) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country and
prohibitions on U.S. persons engaging in financial transactions relating to making investments in, or providing investment-related advice or assistance to, a sanctioned country; and (ii) a blocking of assets in which the government
or specially designated nationals of the sanctioned country have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of property subject to U.S. jurisdiction (including property in the possession or control of U.S. persons). Blocked assets (e.g., property
and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. Failure
of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate BSA, AML and OFAC programs, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Community Reinvestment Act 
 Under the CRA, the Bank has a continuing and affirmative obligation consistent with safe and sound banking practices to help meet the
credit needs of its entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution s discretion to develop the
types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community, consistent with CRA. CRA generally requires the federal banking agencies to evaluate the record of a financial institution in meeting the credit needs of
its local communities and to take that record into account in its evaluation of certain applications by such institution, such as applications for charters, branches and other deposit facilities, relocations, mergers, consolidations and acquisitions
or engage in certain activities pursuant to the GLB Act. An unsatisfactory rating may be the basis for denying the application. Based on its most recent examination report in 2013, the Bank received an overall CRA rating of Outstanding ,
the highest rating possible. Consumer Compliance and Fair Lending Laws 
 The Bank is subject to a number of federal and state laws designed to protect borrowers and promote lending to various sectors of the
economy and population. These laws include the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, the Bank Secrecy Act, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (effective 2013), the CRA, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions
Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the National Flood Insurance Act, various state law counterparts, and the Consumer
Financial Protection Act of 2010, which constitutes part of Dodd-Frank and is discussed in further detail below. The enforcement of Fair Lending laws has been an increasing area of focus for regulators. Fair Lending laws related to extensions of
credit are included in The Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act, which prohibit discrimination in residential real estate and credit transactions based on race, color, national origin, sex, marital status, familial status, religion,
age, physical ability, the fact that all or part of the applicant s income derives from a public assistance program or the fact that the applicant has exercised any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act. Under the Fair Lending laws,
lenders can also be liable for policies which have a disparate impact on, or result in disparate treatment of, a protected class of applicants or borrowers. Lenders are required to have a Fair Lending program that is of sufficient scope to monitor
the inherent Fair Lending risk of the institution and that appropriately remediates any issues which are identified. Generally, regulatory agencies are required to refer fair lending violations to the Department of Justice for investigation.
 In addition, federal law and certain state laws (including California) currently contain client privacy protection
provisions. These provisions limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to affiliated companies and non-affiliated third parties. These rules require disclosure of privacy policies
to clients and, in some circumstance, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to affiliates or non-affiliated third parties by means of opt out or opt in authorizations. Pursuant to the GLB Act
and certain state laws (including California) companies are required to notify clients of security breaches resulting in unauthorized access to their personal information. Dodd-Frank provided for the creation of the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau CFPB as an independent entity within the Federal Reserve with broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement
authority over consumer financial products and services, including deposit products, residential mortgages, home-equity loans and credit cards. The bureau s functions include investigating consumer complaints, conducting market research,
rulemaking, supervising and examining bank consumer transactions, and enforcing rules related to consumer financial products and services. CFPB regulations and guidance apply to all financial institutions and banks with 10 billion or more in assets
are subject to examination by the CFPB. Banks with less than 10 billion in assets, including the Bank, will continue to be examined for compliance by their primary federal banking agency. 
 In 2014, the CFPB adopted revisions to Regulation Z, which implement the Truth in Lending Act, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, and apply
to all consumer mortgages (except home equity lines of credit, timeshare plans, 
 27 

Table of Contents 

reverse mortgages, or temporary loans). The revisions mandate specific underwriting criteria for home loans in order for creditors to make a reasonable, good faith determination of a
consumer s ability to repay and establish certain protections from liability under this requirement for qualified mortgages meeting certain standards. In particular, it will prevent banks from making no doc and low
doc home loans, as the rules require that banks determine a consumer s ability to pay based in part on verified and documented information. Because we do not originate no doc or low doc loans, we do not believe
this regulation will have a significant impact on our operations. As the Bank does not currently originate residential mortgages, it is not expected that the new CFPB rules with regard to residential mortgage lending will have a substantial impact
on the Bank or its operations. Customer Information Security 
 The Federal Reserve and other bank regulatory agencies have adopted final guidelines for safeguarding confidential, personal customer
information. These guidelines require each financial institution, under the supervision and ongoing oversight of its board of directors or an appropriate committee thereof, to create, implement and maintain a comprehensive written information
security program designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer information, protect against any anticipated threats or hazard to the security or integrity of such information and protect against unauthorized access to or use of
such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. We have adopted a customer information security program to comply with such requirements. 
 Privacy The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 and the California Financial Information Privacy Act require financial institutions to implement policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of nonpublic personal
information about consumers to non-affiliated third parties. In general, the statutes require explanations to consumers on policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of such nonpublic personal information and, except as otherwise required by
law, prohibit disclosing such information except as provided in the Bank s policies and procedures. CUB has implemented privacy policies addressing these restrictions which are distributed regularly to all existing and new customers of the
Bank. Available Information We maintain an Internet website for CU Bancorp at www.cubancorp.com and a website for CUB at www.californiaunitedbank.com . At www.cubancorp.com and via the
 Investor Relations link at the Bank s website, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after such forms are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The public may read and copy any materials we file with the
SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room, located at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an
Internet website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. You may obtain copies of the Company s filings on the SEC
site. These documents may also be obtained in print upon request by our shareholders to our Investor Relations Department. We
have adopted a written code of ethics that applies to all directors, officers and employees of the Company, including our principal executive officer and senior financial officers, in accordance with Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder. The code of ethics, which we call our Principles of Business Conduct and Ethics, is available on our corporate website, www.cubancorp.com in the section
entitled Corporate Governance. In the event that we make changes in, or provide waivers from, the provisions of this code of ethics that the SEC requires us to disclose, we intend to disclose these events on our corporate website in such
section. In the Corporate Governance section of our corporate website, we have also posted the charters for our Audit and Risk Committee 
 28 

Table of Contents 

and our Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. In addition, information concerning purchases and sales of our equity securities by our executive officers and directors is
posted on our website. Our Investor Relations Department can be contacted at CU Bancorp, 818 W. 7th Street, Suite 220, Los
Angeles, CA, 90017, Attention: Investor Relations, telephone (818) 257-7700, or via e-mail to Kschoenbaum@cunb.com . 
 All website addresses given in this document are for information only and are not intended to be an active link or to incorporate any
website information into this document. ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 In addition to the other information on the risks we face and our management of risk contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in
our other SEC filings, the following are significant risks which may affect us. Events or circumstances arising from one or more of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects and the value
and price of our common stock could decline. The risks identified below are not intended to be a comprehensive list of all risks we face and additional risks that we may currently view as not material may also impair our business operations and
results. Readers and prospective investors in our securities should carefully consider the following risk factors as well as
the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this report. This report is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. 
 RISKS RELATED TO THE BANKING INDUSTRY 
 Difficult Economic and Market Conditions Have Adversely Affected Our Industry 
 Our financial performance generally, and the ability of borrowers to pay interest on and repay the principal of outstanding loans and the
value of the collateral securing those loans, is highly dependent upon the business and economic conditions in the markets in which we operate and in the United States as a whole. Although the U.S. and local economy continues to show modest signs of
improvement, certain sectors, remain soft, and unemployment, although improved, remains high in general and in the markets in which we operate. Local governments and many businesses are still experiencing serious difficulties. In addition, concerns
about the performance of international economies, including the potential impact of European debt and economic conditions in Asia, can impact the economy here in the United States. These economic pressures on consumers and businesses may adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and stock price. In particular, we may face the following risks in connection with these events: 

Current deadlock in Congress and failure to address systemic issues. 

Our banking operations are concentrated primarily in southern California. The State of California has experienced significant fiscal challenges the
long-term effects of which on the State s economy cannot be predicted. Further deterioration of the economic conditions in Southern California could impair borrowers ability to service their loans, decrease the level and duration of
deposits by customers, and erode the value of loan collateral. These conditions could increase the amount of our non-performing assets and have an adverse effect on our efforts to collect our non-performing loans or otherwise liquidate our
non-performing assets (including other real estate owned) on terms favorable to us, if at all, and could also cause a decline in demand for our products and services, or a lack of growth or a decrease in deposits, any of which may cause us to incur
losses, adversely affect our capital, and hurt our business. U.S. Financial Markets and Economic Conditions Could
Adversely Affect Our Liquidity, Results of Operations and Financial Condition In the past, the impact of adverse
economic events has been particularly acute in the financial sector. Although the Company is well-capitalized and has not suffered any liquidity issues as a result of these events, the 
 29 

Table of Contents 

cost and availability of funds may be adversely impacted and the demand for our products and services may decline if the recovery from the recession does not continue. In view of the
concentration of our operations and the collateral securing our loan portfolio in Southern California, we may be particularly susceptible to adverse economic conditions in the state of California. 
 Further Disruptions in the Real Estate Market Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Business 
 In conjunction with the financial crisis beginning in 2008, the real estate market experienced a slow-down due to negative economic trends
and credit market disruption. While recovery in Southern California real estate appears to be holding, the long-term impact cannot be quantified. At December 31, 2014, 51 and 4 of our total gross loans were comprised of commercial real estate
and real estate construction loans, respectively. Of the commercial real estate loans, 41 was owner-occupied. Any further downturn in the real estate market could materially and adversely affect our business because a significant portion of our
loans are secured by real estate. Our ability to recover on defaulted loans by selling the real estate collateral would then be diminished and we would be more likely to suffer losses on loans. Substantially all of our real property collateral is
located in Southern California. If there is an additional decline in real estate values, especially in Southern California, the collateral for our loans would provide less security. Real estate values could be affected by, among other things, a
worsening of economic conditions, an increase in foreclosures, a decline in home sale volumes, an increase in interest rates, continued high levels of unemployment, drought, earthquakes, brush fires and other natural disasters particular to
California. Additional Requirements Imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act and Related Regulation Could Adversely Affect Us 
 Recent government efforts to strengthen the U.S. financial system have resulted in the imposition of additional regulatory requirements.
The Dodd-Frank Act provides for sweeping regulatory changes, including the following: 

the establishment of strengthened capital and liquidity requirements for banks and bank holding companies, including minimum leverage and risk-based
capital requirements no less than the strictest requirements in effect for depository institutions as of the date of enactment; 

the requirement by statute that bank holding companies serve as a source of financial strength for their depository institution subsidiaries;

enhanced regulation of financial markets, including the derivative and securitization markets, and the elimination of certain proprietary trading
activities by banks; 

additional corporate governance and executive compensation requirements; enhanced financial institution safety and soundness regulations,

revisions in FDIC insurance assessment fees and a permanent increase in FDIC deposit insurance coverage to 250,000; 

authorization for financial institutions to pay interest on business checking accounts; and 

the establishment of new regulatory bodies, such as the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection and the Financial Services Oversight Counsel, to
identify emerging systemic risks and improve interagency cooperation. Many of the provisions remain subject
to final rulemaking and/or implementation. Accordingly, we cannot fully assess its impact on our operations and costs until final regulations are adopted and implemented. Current and future legal and regulatory requirements, restrictions, and regulations, including those imposed under Dodd-Frank, may adversely impact our profitability and may have a material and adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may also be required to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make changes required by the legislation and related regulations and may make it
more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified executive officers and employees. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Further Significant Changes in Banking Laws or Regulations and Federal Monetary Policy Could
Materially Affect Our Business The banking industry is subject to extensive federal and state regulation, and
significant new laws or changes in, or repeals of, existing laws may cause results to differ materially. Also, federal monetary policy, particularly as implemented through the Federal Reserve System, significantly affects our credit conditions,
primarily through open market operations in U.S. government securities, the discount rate for member bank borrowing, and bank reserve requirements. A material change in these conditions would affect our results. Federal and state regulatory agencies
also frequently adopt changes to their regulations or change the manner in which existing regulations are applied. For further discussion of the regulation of financial services, see Supervision and Regulation. 
 We cannot predict the substance or impact of any change in regulation, whether by regulators or as a result of legislation, or in the way
such statutory or regulatory requirements are interpreted or enforced. Compliance with such current and potential regulation and scrutiny may significantly increase our costs, impede the efficiency of our internal business practices, require us to
increase our regulatory capital and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities in an efficient manner. We are subject
to extensive laws, regulations and supervision, and may become subject to future laws, regulations and supervision, if any, that may be enacted, which could limit or restrict our activities, may hamper our ability to increase our assets and
earnings, and could adversely affect our profitability. Bank Clients Could Move Their Money to Alternative Investments Causing Us to
Lose a Lower Cost Source of Funding Demand deposits can decrease when clients perceive alternative investments, as
providing a better risk/return tradeoff. Technology and other changes have made it more convenient for bank customers to transfer funds into alternative investments or other deposit accounts offered by other out-of-area financial institutions or
non-bank service providers. Additionally, if the economy continues to trend upward, customers may withdraw deposits to utilize them to fund business expansion or equity investment. Moreover, should interest rates rise this may impact the Bank s
ability to maintain its current percentage of non-interest bearing deposits. When clients move money out of bank demand deposits, particularly non-interest bearing deposits, we lose a relatively low cost source of funds, increasing our funding costs
and reducing our net interest income. Several rating agencies publish unsolicited ratings of the financial performance and
relative financial health of many banks, including CUB, based on publicly available data. As these ratings are publicly available, a decline in the Bank s ratings may result in deposit outflows or the inability of the Bank to raise deposits in
the secondary market as broker-dealers and depositors may use such ratings in deciding where to deposit their funds. Our Business Is
Subject To Interest Rate Risk and Fluctuations in Interest Rates Could Reduce Our Net Interest Income and Adversely Affect Our Business. A substantial portion of our income is derived from the differential, or spread, between the interest earned on loans, investment securities and other interest-earning assets, and the interest
paid on deposits, borrowings and other interest-bearing liabilities. The interest rate risk inherent in our lending, investing, and deposit taking activities is a significant market risk to us and our business. Income associated with interest
earning assets and costs associated with interest-bearing liabilities may not be affected uniformly by fluctuations in interest rates. The magnitude and duration of changes in interest rates, events over which we have no control, may have an adverse
effect on net interest income. Prepayment and early withdrawal levels, which are also impacted by changes in interest rates, can significantly affect our assets and liabilities. Increases in interest rates may adversely affect the ability of our
floating rate borrowers to meet their higher payment obligations, which could in turn lead to an increase in non-performing assets and net charge-offs. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Generally, the interest rates on our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities do not change at the same rate, to the same extent, or on the same basis. Even assets and liabilities with similar maturities or periods of re-pricing may react in different degrees to changes in market interest rates. Interest rates on
certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes in general market interest rates, while interest rates on other types of assets and liabilities may lag behind changes in general market rates. Certain assets, such as
adjustable rate loans, may have features that limit changes in interest rates on a short-term basis such as floors. During
the third quarter of 2014, the Federal Reserve announced that it will phase out its long-running bond-buying asset purchase program known as quantitative easing. According to the Federal Reserve, it is hoping that by holding its bond balance, it
will help maintain accommodative financial conditions in the economy without needing to continue with new purchases. The Federal Reserve also said that it will continue to try to stimulate the economy by keeping interest rates low for a
 considerable time as it credits its asset purchase program with substantial improvement in the outlook for the labor market since the inception of its currency asset purchase program and continues to see sufficient
underlying strength in the broader economy. Accordingly, the Federal Open Market Committee reinforced its expected timeline of increasing interest rates in the middle of 2015; however, if the job market improves more quickly than expected or
inflation rises, rate hikes could come sooner, and the Committee could wait longer if the job market or inflation slows. A persistent low interest rate environment likely will adversely affect the interest income we earn on loans and investments.
 We seek to minimize the adverse effects of changes in interest rates by structuring our asset-liability composition to obtain
the maximum spread. We use interest rate sensitivity analysis and a simulation model to assist us in managing asset-liability composition. However, such management tools have inherent limitations that impair their effectiveness. 
 The Fiscal and Monetary Policies Of the Federal Government and Its Agencies Could Have a Material Adverse Effect On Our Earnings.
 The Federal Reserve regulates the supply of money and credit in the U.S. Its policies determine in large part the cost
of funds for lending and investing and the return earned on those loans and investments, both of which affect the net interest margin. They can also materially decrease the value of financial assets we hold. Federal Reserve policies can also
adversely affect borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans, or could adversely create asset bubbles which result from prolonged periods of accommodative policy, and which in turn result in volatile markets
and rapidly declining collateral values. Changes in Federal Reserve policies are beyond our control and difficult to predict. Inflation
and Deflation May Adversely Affect Our Financial Performance The Consolidated Financial Statements and related
financial data presented in this report have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. These principles require the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical
dollars, without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation or deflation. The primary impact of inflation on our operations is reflected in increased operating costs. Conversely, deflation will tend to
erode collateral values and diminish loan quality. Virtually all of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant impact on our performance than the general levels of inflation or deflation
 The Company Has Liquidity Risk Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will have insufficient cash or access to cash to satisfy current and future financial obligations, including demands for loans and deposit withdrawals, funding
operating costs, and for other corporate purposes. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans and other sources could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

to finance our activities could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry in general. Factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity
sources include a decrease in the level of our business activity due to a market downturn or adverse regulatory action against us. Our ability to acquire deposits or borrow could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such as a
severe disruption of the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry as a whole. The Company mitigates liquidity risk by establishing and accessing lines of credit with various
financial institutions and having back-up access to the brokered Certificate of Deposits CD s markets (which it has not utilized other than on a testing basis). Results of operations could be affected if the Company were unable to
satisfy current or future financial obligations. See Part II, Item 7, Liquidity for more information. Severe Weather,
Natural Disasters, Acts of War or Terrorism and Other External Events Could Significantly Impact the Company s Business Severe weather, drought, fire, natural disasters such as earthquakes, or tsunamis, acts of war or terrorism and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on the Company s ability
to conduct business. Such events could affect the stability of the Bank s deposit base; impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss
of revenue and/or cause the Company to incur additional expenses. Although management has established disaster recovery policies and procedures, the occurrence of any such event in the future could have a material adverse effect on the
Company s business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. The Financial Condition of Other Financial Institutions Could Adversely Affect Us Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely
execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, and other institutions. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our
counterparty. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the financial instrument exposure due us. Any such losses
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. RISKS RELATED TO CREDIT 
 We May Suffer Losses in Our Loan Portfolio Despite Our Underwriting Practices 
 We mitigate the risks inherent in our loan portfolio by adhering to sound and proven underwriting practices, managed by experienced and
knowledgeable credit professionals. These practices include analysis of a borrower s prior credit history, financial statements, tax returns, and cash flow projections, valuations of collateral based on reports of independent appraisers and
verifications of liquid assets. Although we believe that our underwriting criteria is appropriate for the various kinds of loans we make, we may incur losses on loans that meet our underwriting criteria, and these losses may exceed the amounts set
aside as reserves in our allowance for loan loss. Our Allowance for Loan Loss May Not be Adequate to Cover Actual Losses
 We maintain an allowance for loan loss on organic loans, which is a reserve established through a provision for loan
losses charged to expense, that represents management s best estimate of risk of losses within the existing portfolio of loans. The allowance, in the judgment of management, is necessary to reserve for possible loan losses and risks inherent in
the loan portfolio. The level of the allowance reflects management s continuing evaluation of industry concentrations; specific credit risks; limited loan loss experience; current loan portfolio quality; present economic, political and
regulatory conditions and unidentified losses inherent in the current loan 
 33 

Table of Contents 

portfolio as well as levels utilized by peers. The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for loan loss inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires the Bank to
make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. 
 Deterioration in economic conditions affecting borrowers and collateral, new information regarding existing loans, identification of
problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of the Company s control, may require an increase in the allowance for loan loss. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review the Bank s allowance for loan loss and may
require an increase in the provision for loan losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. In addition, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for loan loss; the Bank
will need additional provisions to increase the allowance for loan loss. Any increases in the allowance for loan loss will result in a decrease in net income and, possibly, capital, and may have a material adverse effect on the Company s
financial condition and results of operations. See the section captioned Allowance for loan loss in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations located elsewhere in this report
for further discussion related to the Company s process for determining the appropriate level of the allowance for loan loss. On December 20, 2012, the FASB issued for public comment a Proposed ASU, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Subtopic 825-15) (the Credit Loss Proposal or CECL), that would substantially
change the accounting for credit losses under U.S. GAAP. Under U.S. GAAP s current standards, credit losses are not reflected in the financial statements until it is probable that the credit loss has been incurred. Under the Credit Loss
Proposal, an entity would reflect in its financial statements its current estimate of credit losses on financial assets over the expected life of each financial asset. On March 12, 2014, the FASB modified its plan, deciding that the model would
apply only to instruments measured at amortized cost, as opposed to all financial products; distinguishing between debt securities and loans. The Credit Loss Proposal, if adopted as proposed, may have a negative impact on our reported earnings,
capital, regulatory capital ratios, as well as on regulatory limits which are based on capital (e.g., loans to one borrower) since it would accelerate the recognition of estimated credit losses. 
 Liabilities from Environmental Regulations Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Business and Financial Condition 
 In the course of the Bank s business, the Bank may foreclose and take title to real estate, and could be subject to environmental
liabilities with respect to these properties. The Bank may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental
contamination, or may be required to investigate or clear up hazardous or toxic substances, or chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. In addition, as the owner or
former owner of any contaminated site, the Bank may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages, and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. If the Bank ever becomes subject to significant
environmental liabilities, the Company s business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. California s Current Drought may Impact the Economy At
December 31, 2014, California continued to experience a severe drought in all areas of the state. According to a recent 2014 report and economic analysis conducted by the University of California at Davis Center for Watershed Science,
California s drought will cost California agriculture 1.5 billion, which amounts to a net revenue loss of about 3 of California s total agricultural value. The report predicts total statewide economic cost of the 2014 drought to be 2.2
billion and the loss of 17,000 jobs. The drought is likely to continue through 2015, regardless of El Ni o conditions. While we do not have a portfolio of agricultural loans which would be most impacted by the drought, it is possible that the
overall economy of California may be negatively impacted by the impact of this drought and lack of water or cost, for various businesses and applications which could have a negative impact on the Company s results, loan quality and collateral.
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 RISK RELATED TO LEGISLATION AND REGULATION Significant Changes in Banking Laws or Regulations and Federal Monetary Policy Could Materially Affect Our Business The banking industry is subject to extensive federal and state regulations, and significant new laws or changes in, or repeals of, existing laws which may cause results to differ materially. Also, federal
monetary policy, particularly as implemented through the Federal Reserve System, significantly affects our credit conditions, primarily through open market operations in U.S. government securities, the discount rate for member bank borrowing, and
bank reserve requirements. A material change in these conditions would affect our results. Parts of our business are also subject to federal and state securities laws and regulations. Significant changes in these laws and regulations would also
affect our business. For further discussion of the regulation of financial services, including a description of significant recently-enacted legislation and other regulatory initiatives taken in response to the recent financial crisis, see
 Supervision and Regulation . We May Be Subject To More Stringent Capital Requirements 
 As discussed previously, the Dodd-Frank Act creates a financial stability oversight council that will recommend to the Federal Reserve
increasingly strict rules for capital requirements as companies grow in size and complexity. These requirements, and any other new regulations, in addition to regulatory agency requirements, could require us to reduce business levels or to raise
capital, including in ways that may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. As discussed
previously, in July 2013 U.S. federal bank regulators jointly adopted final regulations which revised their risk-based and leverage capital requirements for banking organizations including banks and bank holding companies, as required by the
Dodd-Frank Act. Some of these requirements began to be phased-in on January 1, 2015 and are applicable to the Company and the Bank. Certain of the rules are applicable only to large, internationally active banks and will not directly impact the
Company. These rules may result in increased regulatory capital requirements (and the associated compliance costs) for the Company and the Bank which could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of
operations. Limits on Our Ability to Lend The Bank s legal lending limit as of December 31, 2014 was approximately 55 million for secured loans and 33 million for unsecured loans. While we believe we can accommodate the needs of
substantially all of our target market, we compete with many financial institutions with larger lending limits. BUSINESS STRATEGY RISK
 We Compete Against Larger Banks and Other Institutions 
 We face substantial competition for deposits and loans in our market place. Competition for deposits primarily come from other commercial
banks, savings institutions, thrift and loan associations, money market and mutual funds and other investment alternatives. Competition for loans come from other commercial banks, savings institutions, mortgage banking firms, thrift and loan
associations and other financial intermediaries. Our larger competitors, by virtue of their larger capital resources, have substantially greater lending limits than we have. They also provide certain services for their customers, including trust and
international banking, which we only are able to offer indirectly through our correspondent relationships. In addition, they have greater resources and are able to offer longer maturities and on occasion, lower rates on fixed rate loans. 
 There are Risks Related to Acquisitions We have engaged in expansion through acquisitions and may consider acquisitions in the future. In November 2014, we completed a merger of 1 st Enterprise into the Bank and in July 2012, we completed a merger with Premier Commercial Bancorp and its subsidiary
Premier Commercial Bank, N.A. In December 2010, we 
 35 

Table of Contents 

acquired California Oaks State Bank. We cannot predict the frequency, size or timing of any future acquisitions, and we typically do not comment publicly on a possible acquisition until we have
signed a definitive agreement. There can be no assurance that our acquisitions will have the anticipated positive results. 
 There are risks associated with any such expansion. These risks include, among others, incorrectly assessing the asset quality of a bank
acquired in a particular transaction, encountering greater than anticipated costs in integrating acquired businesses, facing resistance from customers or employees, being unable to profitably deploy assets acquired in the transaction or litigation
resulting from circumstances occurring at the acquired entity prior to the date of acquisition or resulting from the acquisition. Our earnings, financial condition, and prospects after a merger or acquisition depend in part on our ability to
successfully integrate the operations of the acquired company. We may be unable to integrate operations successfully or to achieve expected cost savings. Any cost savings which are realized may be offset by losses in revenues or other charges to
earnings. To the extent we issue capital stock in connection with additional transactions, if any, these transactions and related stock issuances may have a dilutive effect on earnings per share and share ownership. 
 While our management is experienced in acquisition strategy and implementation, acquisitions involve inherent uncertainty and we cannot
determine all potential events, facts and circumstances that could result in loss or give assurances that our investigation or mitigation efforts will be sufficient to protect against any such loss. 
 In addition, our ability to grow may be limited if we cannot make acquisitions. We compete with other financial institutions with respect
to proposed acquisitions. Issuing Additional Shares Of Our Common Stock To Acquire Other Banks and Bank Holding Companies May Result In
Dilution For Existing Shareholders and May Adversely Affect the Market Price Of Our Stock. In connection with our
growth strategy, we have issued, and may issue in the future, shares of our common stock to acquire additional banks or bank holding companies that may complement our organizational structure. Resales of substantial amounts of common stock in the
public market and the potential of such sales could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities. We usually must pay an acquisition premium
above the fair market value of acquired assets for the acquisition of banks or bank holding companies. Paying this acquisition premium, in addition to the dilutive effect of issuing additional shares, may also adversely affect the prevailing market
price of our common stock. Impairment of Goodwill or Amortizable Intangible Assets Associated With Acquisitions Would Result In a
Charge to Earnings Goodwill is initially recorded at fair value and is not amortized, but is reviewed at least
annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be fully recoverable. If our estimates of goodwill fair value change, we may determine that impairment charges are necessary. Estimates of
fair value are determined based on a complex model using cash flows and company comparisons. If management s estimates of future cash flows are inaccurate, the fair value determined could be inaccurate and impairment may not be recognized in a
timely manner. Our Decisions Regarding the Fair Value of Assets Acquired Could Be Different Than Initially Estimated Which Could
Materially and Adversely Affect Our Business, Financial Condition, Results of Operations, and Future Prospects We acquired portfolios of loans in the 1 st Enterprise, Premier Commercial Bancorp and California Oaks State Bank acquisitions. Although these loans were marked down to their estimated fair value pursuant to ASC 805 Business Combinations, there is
no assurance that the acquired loans will not suffer further deterioration in 
 36 

Table of Contents 

value resulting in additional charge-offs. The fluctuations in national, regional and local economic conditions may increase the level of charge-offs in the loan portfolios that we acquired from
1 st Enterprise, Premier Commercial Bancorp and California
Oaks State Bank and correspondingly reduce our net income. These fluctuations are not predictable, cannot be controlled and may have a material adverse impact on our operations and financial condition, even if other favorable events occur.
 We May Need to Raise Capital to Support Growth or Acquisition 
 While the Company s and the Bank s capital levels are currently in excess of that required to be considered well
capitalized by regulatory agencies, organic growth or a strategic opportunity may require the Company to raise additional capital and/or to maintain capital levels in excess of well capitalized . 
 We Are Dependent on Key Personnel and the Loss of One or More of Those Key Personnel May Materially and Adversely Affect Our Prospects
 Competition for qualified employees and personnel in the banking industry is intense and there are a limited number of
qualified persons with knowledge of, and experience in, the California community banking industry. The process of recruiting personnel with the combination of skills and attributes required to carry out our strategies is often lengthy. Our success
depends to a significant degree upon our ability to attract and retain qualified management, loan origination, finance, administrative, marketing, compliance and technical personnel and upon the continued contributions of our management and
personnel. In particular, our success has been and continues to be highly dependent upon the abilities of key executives and certain other employees. The Company Plans to Continue to Grow and There are Risks Associated with Growth The Company intends to increase deposits and loans and to continue to review strategic opportunities which could, if implemented, expand its businesses and operations. Continued growth may present
operating and other problems that could adversely affect its individual or combined business, financial condition and results of operations. Its growth may place a strain on its administrative and operational, personnel and financial resources and
increase demands on its systems and controls. Our ability to manage growth successfully will depend on its ability to attract qualified personnel and maintain cost controls and asset quality while attracting additional loans and deposits on
favorable terms, as well as on factors beyond the our control, such as economic conditions and interest rate trends. If we grow too quickly and are not able to attract qualified personnel, control costs and maintain asset quality, this continued
rapid growth could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our Deposit Portfolio Includes Significant Concentrations
 As a business bank, we provide services to a number of customers whose deposit levels vary considerably and have a
significant amount of seasonality. At December 31, 2014, 84 customers maintained balances (aggregating all related accounts, including multiple business entities and personal funds of business owners) in excess of 4 million. This amounted to
 859 million or approximately 44 percent of the Bank s total customer deposit base. These deposits can and do fluctuate substantially. While the loss of any combination of these depositors could have a material impact on the Bank s
results, the Bank expects, in the ordinary course of business, that these deposits will fluctuate and believes it is capable of mitigating this risk, as well as the risk of losing one of these depositors, through additional liquidity, and business
generation in the future. However, if a significant number of these customers leave the Bank it could have a material adverse impact on the Bank. If We Cannot Attract Deposits and Quality Loans Our Growth May Be Inhibited Our ability to increase our asset base depends in large part on our ability to attract additional deposits at favorable rates. We seek additional deposits by providing outstanding customer service and
offering deposit products that are competitive with those offered by other financial institutions in our markets. In addition, our income depends in large part in attracting quality loan customers and loans in which to invest the deposits.
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 SBA Lending is Subject to Government Funding Which Can be Limited or Uncertain. 
 The Bank engages in SBA lending through programs designed by the federal government to assist the small business community in obtaining
financing from financial institutions that are given government guarantees as an incentive to make the loans. SBA lending is subject to federal legislation that can affect the availability and funding of the program. From time to time, this
dependence on legislative funding causes limitations and uncertainties with regard to the continued funding of such programs, which could potentially have an adverse financial impact on our business. 
 OPERATIONAL AND REPUTATIONAL RISK 
 We Have a Continuing Need to Adapt to Technological Changes The banking industry is undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology allows us to: 

serve our customers better; 

increase our operating efficiency by reducing operating costs; 

provide a wider range of products and services to our customers; and 

attract new customers. Our future success will partially depend upon our ability to successfully use technology to provide products and services that will satisfy our customers demands for convenience, as well as to
create additional operating efficiencies. Our larger competitors already have existing infrastructures or substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We generally arrange for such services through service bureau
arrangements or other arrangements with third parties. Our Controls and Procedures Could Fail or Be Circumvented 
 Management regularly reviews and updates our internal controls, disclosure controls, procedures and corporate governance policies and
procedures. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurances of the effectiveness of these systems and controls, and that the objectives
of these controls have been met. Any failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures, and any failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition. The Occurrence Of Fraudulent Activity, Breaches Of Our Information Security Or Cybersecurity-Related Incidents Could Have A
Material Adverse Effect On Our Business, Financial Condition Or Results Of Operations. As a financial institution, we
are susceptible to fraudulent activity, information security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents that may be committed against us or our clients, which may result in financial losses or increased costs to us or our clients, disclosure or
misuse of our information or our client information, misappropriation of assets, privacy breaches against our clients, litigation, or damage to our reputation. Such fraudulent activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud,
wire fraud, phishing, social engineering and other dishonest acts. Information security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents may include fraudulent or unauthorized access to systems used by us or our clients, denial or degradation of service
attacks, and malware or other cyber-attacks. In recent periods, there continues to be a rise in electronic fraudulent activity, security breaches and cyber-attacks within the financial services industry, especially in the commercial banking sector
due to cyber criminals targeting commercial bank accounts. Consistent with industry trends, we have also experienced an increase in attempted electronic fraudulent activity, as well as attempts at security breaches and cybersecurity-related
incidents in recent periods. Moreover, in recent periods, several large corporations, including financial institutions and retail companies, have suffered major data breaches, in some 
 38 

Table of Contents 

cases exposing not only confidential and proprietary corporate information, but also sensitive financial and other personal information of their customers and employees and subjecting them to
potential fraudulent activity. Some of our clients may have been affected by these breaches, which increase their risks of identity theft, credit card fraud and other fraudulent activity that could involve their accounts with us. 
 Information pertaining to us and our clients is maintained, and transactions are executed, on the networks and systems of us, our clients
and certain of our third party partners, such as our online banking or reporting systems. The secure maintenance and transmission of confidential information, as well as execution of transactions over these systems, are essential to protect us and
our clients against fraud and security breaches and to maintain our clients confidence. Breaches of information security also may occur, and in infrequent cases have occurred, through intentional or unintentional acts by those having access to
our systems or our clients or counterparties confidential information, including employees. Furthermore, our cardholders use their debit and credit cards to make purchases from third parties or through third party processing services. As
such, we are subject to risk from data breaches of such third party s information systems or their payment processors. Such a data security breach could compromise our account information. We may suffer losses associated with reimbursing our
customers for such fraudulent transactions on customers card accounts, as well as for other costs related to data security breaches, such as replacing cards associated with compromised card accounts. 
 In addition, increases in criminal activity levels and sophistication, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries,
vulnerabilities in third-party technologies (including browsers and operating systems) or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the technology, processes and controls that we use to prevent fraudulent transactions and to
protect data about us, our clients and underlying transactions, as well as the technology used by our clients to access our systems. Although we have developed, and continue to invest in, systems and processes that are designed to detect and prevent
security breaches and cyber-attacks and periodically test our security, our inability to anticipate, or failure to adequately mitigate, breaches of security could result in: losses to us or our clients; our loss of business and/or clients; damage to
our reputation; the incurrence of additional expenses; disruption to our business; our inability to grow our online services or other businesses; additional regulatory scrutiny or penalties; or our exposure to civil litigation and possible financial
liability any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. More generally, publicized information concerning security and cyber-related problems could inhibit the use or growth of electronic or web-based applications or solutions as a means of conducting
commercial transactions. Such publicity may also cause damage to our reputation as a financial institution. As a result, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We Could Be Liable For Breaches of Security In Our Online Banking Services. Fear of Security Breaches (including Cybersecurity breaches) Could
Limit the Growth of Our Online Services We offer various internet-based services to our clients, including online
banking services. The secure transmission of confidential information over the Internet is essential to maintain our clients confidence in our online services. In certain cases, we are responsible for protecting customers proprietary
information as well as their accounts with us. We have security measures and processes in place to defend against these cybersecurity risks but these cyber attacks are rapidly evolving (including computer viruses, malicious code, phishing or other
information security breaches), and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks, which could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of our or our customers confidential,
proprietary and other information. Advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the technology we use to protect client transaction data. In addition, individuals, groups or
sovereign countries may seek to intentionally disrupt our online banking services or compromise the confidentiality of customer information with criminal intent. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to recognize and
assist in preventing security breaches (and periodically test our security), failure to protect against or mitigate breaches of security could adversely affect 
 39 

Table of Contents 

our ability to offer and grow our online services, constitute a breach of privacy or other laws, result in costly litigation and loss of customer relationships, negatively impact the Bank s
reputation, and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may also incur substantial increases in costs in an effort to minimize or mitigate cyber security risks and to respond to cyber
incidents. Our Operations Could be Disrupted The potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout our organization. Integral to our performance is the continued efficacy of our technology and information systems, operational infrastructure
and relationships with third parties and our colleagues in our day-to-day and ongoing operations. Failure by any or all of these resources subjects us to risks that may vary in size, scale and scope. This includes, but is not limited to, operational
or systems failures, disruption of client operations and activities, ineffectiveness or exposure due to interruption in third party support as expected, as well as, the loss of key colleagues or failure on the part of key colleagues to perform
properly. Managing Reputational Risk Is Important To Attracting and Maintaining Customers, Investors, and Employees 
 Threats to our reputation can come from many sources, including adverse sentiment about financial institutions generally, unethical
practices, employee misconduct, failure to deliver minimum standards of service or quality, compliance deficiencies, and questionable, illegal, or fraudulent activities of our customers. We have policies and procedures in place that seek to protect
our reputation and promote ethical conduct, but these policies and procedures may not be fully effective. Negative publicity regarding our business, employees, or customers, with or without merit, may result in the loss of customers, investors, and
employees, costly litigation, a decline in revenues and increased governmental regulation. We Rely On Communications, Information,
Operating and Financial Control Systems Technology from Third-Party Service Providers We rely heavily on third-party
service providers for much of our communications, information, operating and financial control systems technology, including customer relationship management, internet banking, website, general ledger, deposit, loan servicing and wire origination
systems. Any failure or interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or interruptions in our customer relationship management, internet banking, website, general ledger, deposit, loan servicing and/or wire origination
systems. We cannot assure you that such failures or interruptions will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed by us or the third parties on which we rely. The occurrence of any failures or interruptions could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If any of our third-party service providers experience financial, operational or technological difficulties, or if there is any other disruption in
our relationships with them, we may be required to locate alternative sources of such services, and we cannot assure you that we could negotiate terms that are as favorable to us, or could obtain services with similar functionality as found in our
existing systems without the need to expend substantial resources, if at all. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Additionally, the bank regulatory agencies expect financial institutions to be responsible for all aspects of our vendors 
performance, including aspects which they delegate to third parties. Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and clients, or cyber attacks or security breaches of the networks, systems
or devices that our clients use to access our products and services could result in client attrition, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, and/or additional compliance costs,
any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 The Costs and Effects of Litigation, Investigations or Similar Matters, or Adverse Facts and
Developments Related Thereto, Could Materially Affect Our Business, Operating Results and Financial Condition We may
be involved from time to time in a variety of litigation, investigations or similar matters arising out of our business. Our insurance may not cover all claims that may be asserted against it and indemnification rights to which we are entitled may
not be honored, and any claims asserted against us, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, may harm our reputation. Should the ultimate judgments or settlements in any litigation or investigation significantly exceed our insurance coverage, they
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, premiums for insurance covering the financial and banking sectors are rising. We may not be able to obtain appropriate types or levels
of insurance in the future, nor may we be able to obtain adequate replacement policies with acceptable terms or at historic rates, if at all. 
 We May Incur Fines, Penalties And Other Negative Consequences From Regulatory Violations, Possibly Even Inadvertent Or Unintentional Violations.
 We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations, but there
can be no assurance that these will be effective. We may incur fines, penalties and other negative consequences from regulatory violations. We may suffer other negative consequences resulting from findings of noncompliance with laws and regulations,
that may also damage our reputation, and this in turn might materially affect our business and results of operations. 
 Further, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the
noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though there were in place at the time systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance. For example, we are subject to regulations issued by the OFAC that prohibit financial institutions
from participating in the transfer of property belonging to the governments of certain foreign countries and designated nationals of those countries. OFAC may impose penalties for inadvertent or unintentional violations even if reasonable processes
are in place to prevent the violations. CU BANCORP RELATED RISKS 
 CU Bancorp is an Emerging Growth Company within the Meaning of the Securities Act. Certain Exemptions From Reporting Requirements
that are Available to Emerging Growth Companies Could Make Its Common Stock Less Attractive to Investors. The Company
is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 the JOBS Act ). CU
Bancorp is eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure about its
executive compensation and omission of compensation discussion and analysis, and an exemption from the requirement of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation. CU Bancorp is also not subject to certain requirements of
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes- Oxley Act ), including the additional level of review of its internal control over financial reporting as may occur when outside auditors attest as to its internal control
over financial reporting. As a result, its shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important Statutory
Restrictions and Restrictions by Our Regulators on Dividends and Other Distributions from the Bank May Adversely Impact Us by Limiting the Amount Of Distributions CU Bancorp May Receive 
 The ability of the Bank to pay dividends to us is limited by various regulations and statutes and our ability to pay dividends on our
outstanding stock is limited by various regulations and statutes, including California law. Various statutory provisions
restrict the amount of dividends that the Bank can pay to us without regulatory approval. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The Federal Reserve Board has previously issued Federal Reserve Supervision and Regulation
Letter SR-09-4 that states that bank holding companies are expected to inform and consult with the Federal Reserve supervisory staff prior to taking any actions that could result in a diminished capital base, including any payment or increase in the
rate of dividends. Further, if we are not current in our payment of interest on our Subordinated Debentures, we may not pay dividends on our common stock. If the Bank were to liquidate, the Bank s creditors would be entitled to receive distributions from the assets of the Bank to satisfy their claims against the Bank before Bancorp, as a holder of the
equity interest in the Bank, would be entitled to receive any of the assets of the Bank as a distribution or dividend. The
restrictions described above could have a negative effect on the value of our common stock. Moreover, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends only when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors. We have never paid cash
dividends on our common stock. Our Series A Preferred Stock Diminishes the Cash Available To Our Common Shareholders.
 On November 30, 2014, the Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with
the Secretary of the Treasury, pursuant to which the Company issued to the U.S. Treasury 16,400 shares of its Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, having a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share and the Company assumed the
obligations of 1 st Enterprise Bank in connection with its
issuance of the same number and type of securities to the Treasury (which shares were retired in connection therewith). The issuance was pursuant to the Treasury s SBLF program, a 30 billion fund established under the Small Business Jobs Act
of 2010, which encourages lending to small businesses by providing capital to qualified community banks with assets of less than 10 billion. The Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends payable quarterly on each January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1. The current dividend rate is
fixed at the current rate of 1 through January 2016. If the Series A Preferred Stock remains outstanding beyond January
2016, the dividend rate will be fixed at 9 . Depending on our financial condition at the time, this increase in the Series A Preferred Stock annual dividend rate could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and could also adversely affect
our ability to pay dividends on our common shares. Our Accounting Policies and Processes Are Critical To How We Report Our Financial
Condition and Results Of Operations. They Require Management To Make Estimates About Matters That Are Uncertain. 
 Accounting policies and processes are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Some of
these policies require use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. Several of our accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and
complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. Pursuant to U.S. GAAP, we are required to make
certain assumptions and estimates in preparing our financial statements, including in determining credit loss reserves, reserves related to litigation and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, among other items. If assumptions or
estimates underlying our financial statements are incorrect, we may experience material losses. Management has identified
certain accounting policies as being critical because they require management s judgment to ascertain the valuations of assets, liabilities and contingencies. A variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when
earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset, valuing an asset or liability, or recognizing or reducing a liability. We have established policies and control procedures that are intended to ensure these critical accounting estimates
and judgments are controlled and applied consistently. Because of the uncertainty surrounding our judgments and the estimates pertaining to
these matters, 
 42 

Table of Contents 

we cannot guarantee that we will not be required to adjust accounting policies or restate prior period financial statements. See Critical Accounting Policies in the MD A and Note
1, Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. Our Disclosure Controls and
Procedures May Not Prevent or Detect All Errors or Acts of Fraud. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accurately accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in
decision making can be faulty, that alternative reasoned judgments can be drawn, or that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of
two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected, which could result in a material weakness
in our internal controls over financial reporting and the restatement of previously filed financial statements. RISKS RELATED TO OUR
STOCK The Price of Our Common Stock May Be Volatile or May Decline 
 The trading price of our common stock may fluctuate widely as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. In
addition, the stock market is subject to fluctuations in the share prices and trading volumes that affect the market prices of the shares of many companies. These broad market fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
Among the factors that could affect our stock price are: 

actual or anticipated quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition; 

publication of research reports and recommendations by financial analysts; 

failure to meet analysts revenue or earnings estimates; 

speculation in the press or investment community; 

strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

actions by institutional shareholders; 

fluctuations in the stock price and operating results of our competitors; 

general market conditions and, in particular, developments related to market conditions for the financial services industry;

proposed or adopted regulatory changes or developments; 

anticipated or pending investigations, proceedings or litigation that involve or affect us; 

deletion from a well known index; or 

domestic and international economic factors unrelated to our performance. 
 The stock market and, in particular, the market for financial institution stocks, may experience significant volatility based on its
history. As a result, the market price of our common stock may be volatile. In addition, the trading volume in our common stock may fluctuate more than usual and cause significant price variations to occur. The trading price of the shares of our
common stock and the value of our other securities will depend on many factors, which may change from time to time, including, without limitation, our financial condition, performance, creditworthiness and prospects, future sales of our equity or
equity related securities, and other 
 43 

Table of Contents 

factors identified above in Forward-Looking Statements. A significant decline in our stock price could result in substantial losses for individual shareholders and could lead to
costly and disruptive securities litigation. The Holders Of Our Preferred Stock and Trust Preferred Securities Have Rights That Are
Senior To Those Of Our Holders Of Common Stock And That May Impact Our Ability To Pay Dividends On Our Common Stock. 
 At December 31, 2014, our subsidiary trusts had outstanding 12.4 million of trust preferred securities. These securities are
effectively senior to shares of common stock due to the priority of the underlying junior subordinated debt. As a result, we must make payments on our trust preferred securities before any dividends can be paid on our common stock; moreover, in the
event of our bankruptcy, dissolution, or liquidation, the obligations outstanding with respect to our trust preferred securities must be satisfied before any distributions can be made to our shareholders. While we have the right to defer dividends
on the trust preferred securities for a period of up to five years, if any such election is made, no dividends may be paid to our common or preferred shareholders during that time. 
 On November 30, 2014, the Company issued and sold 16,400 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Treasury in
connection with the acquisition of 1 st Enterprise Bank and
in replacement for similar securities previously issued to the Treasury by 1 st Enterprise pursuant to the Treasury s SBLF program. The Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends payable quarterly. Such dividends are not cumulative, but the Company
may only declare and pay dividends on its common stock if it has declared and paid dividends for the current dividend period on the Series A Preferred Stock. There Are Also Various Regulatory Restrictions On The Ability Of California United Bank To Pay Dividends Or Make Other Payments To CU Bancorp. In Particular, Federal And State Banking Laws Regulate
The Amount Of Dividends That May Be Paid By California United Bank Without Prior Approval. The Dodd-Frank Act requires
federal banking agencies to establish more stringent risk-based capital guidelines and leverage limits applicable to banks and bank holding companies. In July 2013, the federal banking regulators issued final rules, which, among other things, are
intended to implement in the United States the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s regulatory capital guidelines, including the reforms known as Basel III. The final Basel III capital standards issued by the FRB provide that distributions
(including dividend payments and redemptions) on additional Tier 1 capital instruments may only be paid out of net income, retained earnings, or surplus related to other additional Tier 1 capital instruments. The final Basel III capital standards
also introduce a new capital conservation buffer on top of the minimum risk-based capital ratios. Failure to maintain a capital conservation buffer above certain levels will result in restrictions on CU Bancorp s ability to make dividend
payments, redemptions or other capital distributions. These requirements, and any other new regulations or capital distribution constraints, could adversely affect the ability of California United Bank to pay dividends to CU Bancorp and, in turn,
affect CU Bancorp s ability to pay dividends on the CU Bancorp common stock and/or the CU Bancorp preferred stock. The
Federal Reserve Board may also, as a supervisory matter, otherwise limit CU Bancorp s ability to pay dividends on the CU Bancorp common stock and/or the CU Bancorp preferred stock. 
 In addition, the CU Bancorp common stock and the CU Bancorp preferred stock may be fully subordinate to interests held by the U.S.
government in the event of a receivership, insolvency, liquidation, or similar proceeding, including a proceeding under the orderly liquidation authority provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 CU Bancorp May Be Unable To, Or Choose Not To, Pay Dividends On Its Common Stock. 
 To date, CU Bancorp has not paid any cash dividends. Payment of stock or cash dividends in the future will depend on the following
factors, among others: 

CU Bancorp may not have sufficient earnings since its primary source of income, the payment of dividends to it by California United Bank, is subject to
federal and state laws that limit the ability of California United Bank to pay dividends; 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Federal Reserve Board policy requires bank holding companies to pay cash dividends on common stock only out of net income available over the past year
and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization s expected future needs and financial condition; 

Before dividends may be paid on CU Bancorp s common stock in any year, payments must be made on its subordinated debentures or the CU Bancorp
preferred stock issued in connection with the merger with
1 st Enterprise; 

CU Bancorp s board of directors may determine that, even though funds are available for dividend payments, retaining the funds for internal uses,
such as expansion of its operations, is a better strategy; If CU Bancorp fails to pay dividends, capital
appreciation, if any, of its common stock may be the sole opportunity for gains on an investment in its common stock. In addition, in the event California United Bank becomes unable to pay dividends to it, CU Bancorp may not be able to service its
debt, pay its other obligations or pay dividends on its common stock. Accordingly, CU Bancorp s inability to receive dividends from its bank subsidiary could also have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results
of operations and the value of CU Bancorp common stock. Further, the terms of the CU Bancorp preferred stock that was exchanged for 1st Enterprise preferred stock in the merger limit CU Bancorp s ability to pay dividends on its common stock.
 CU Bancorp s Stock Trading Volume May Not Provide Adequate Liquidity For Investors. 
 Although shares of CU Bancorp s common stock are listed for trading on The NASDAQ Capital Market, the average daily trading volume in
the common stock is less than that of other larger financial services companies. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the marketplace of a sufficient number of
willing buyers and sellers of the common stock at any given time. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which CU Bancorp has no control. Given the daily average trading volume
of CU Bancorp s common stock, significant sales of the common stock in a brief period of time, or the expectation of these sales, could cause a decline in the price of its common stock. 
 ITEM 2 PROPERTIES The principal executive offices of the Company are located in Los Angeles, California, and are leased by the Company. All of our branch locations are leased from unaffiliated parties. 
 We believe that our existing facilities are adequate for our present purposes. The Company leases all its facilities and believes that if
necessary, it could secure suitable alternative facilities on similar terms without adversely affecting operations. For additional information on properties, see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form
10-K. ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The Company is not a defendant in any material pending legal proceedings and no such proceedings are known to be contemplated. No
director, officer, affiliate, more than 5.0 shareholder of the Company or any associate of these persons is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company in any material legal proceeding. See Note 21 
Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 
8 of this 10-K. ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 ITEM 5 MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Common Stock 
 The Company s shares of common stock trade on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol CUNB . The Company s common
stock began trading on the NASDAQ exchange on October 10, 2012, prior to that date the stock traded on the OTCBB. There
are 75,000,000 shares of common stock authorized at no par value, of which 16,683,856 shares and 11,081,364 shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 
 The increase in common stock in the current year was primarily due to the merger with 1st Enterprise Bank 1 st Enterprise that was completed on
November 30, 2014. Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the merger agreement, each outstanding share of 1st Enterprise common stock (other than shares as to which the holder exercised dissenters rights) was converted into the
right to receive 1.3450 of a share of CU Bancorp common stock, resulting in 5,240,409 shares of CU Bancorp common stock issued. The fair value of the CU Bancorp common stock issued as part of the consideration paid was 102.7 million and was
determined based on the closing market price of 19.60 of CU Bancorp common stock on November 30, 2014. For further information, refer to Note 2, Business Combinations, and Note 16, Stock Options and Restricted Stock included in Item 8,
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Preferred Stock 
 The Company has 50,000,000 shares of serial preferred stock authorized. At December 31, 2014, the Company has 16,400 shares of Series
A, non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock authorized, issued and outstanding. Each Series A preferred stock has a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share. No preferred shares were issued or outstanding at December 31, 2013. 
 Sales Price Information The information in the following table indicates the highest and lowest sales prices and volume of trading for the Company s common stock for the two year period starting January 1, 2013 through
December 31, 2014 for each quarterly period, and is based upon information provided by either NASDAQ or from the OTC Bulletin Board. The information does not include transactions for which no public records are available. The bid and ask
trading prices of the stock may be higher or lower than the prices reported below. These prices are based on the actual prices of stock transactions without retail mark-ups, mark-downs, commissions or adjustments. 

Period Ended 
 
 High Price 

Low Price 

Approximate Number of Shares Traded 

March 31, 2013 

13.00 

11.70 

520,627 

June 30, 2013 

15.95 

12.75 

2,794,835 

September 30, 2013 

18.74 

15.50 

1,707,130 

December 31, 2013 

19.30 

16.91 

1,405,179 

March 31, 2014 

18.50 

17.00 

1,320,746 

June 30, 2014 

19.50 

17.87 

1,152,051 

September 30, 2014 

19.50 

16.49 

1,160,006 

December 31, 2014 

22.45 

18.50 

1,172,521 
 
 According to information provided by NASDAQ, the most recent trade in our common stock prior to the date
of finalizing this Form 10-K occurred on March 9, 2015 at a sales price of 20.92 per share. The high bid and low asked prices as of March 9, 2015 were 20.98 and 20.80,
respectively. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Shareholders As of March 9, 2015, the Company had 700 common shareholders of record, as listed with its transfer agent. Dividends In December 2014, the Board of Directors approved a quarterly
dividend payment on the preferred stock in the amount of 41,000 to the United States Department of the Treasury. To date, the Company has not paid any cash dividends on common stock. 
 The applicable limitations on the payment of dividends are further discussed in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,
Note 22, Regulatory Matters. Common Stock Redemptions 
 In 2014 and 2013, the Company redeemed 26,317 and 29,863 shares respectively, of employee restricted stock to pay the tax obligation of
employees in connection with their restricted stock vesting. The total value of the employee tax obligation remitted by the Company was 471,000 and 422,000 for the years ending December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The Company purchased
110 shares of common stock at an average price per share of 18.50 during the 2014 fourth quarter. Securities Authorized
for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans The following table provides information as of December 31, 2014 with
respect to the shares of our common stock that may be issued under existing equity compensation plans. This table does not reflect the number of restricted shares of stock that have been issued under the Company s equity compensation plans. The
number of shares of common stock remaining available for future issuance under the equity compensation plans has been reduced by both stock option grants and restricted stock issued under the plans. 

Plan 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding
options 

Weighted-average exercise price
of outstanding options 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity
compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the second column) 

Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders: 

Employee Plan (2005) (terminated) 

201,000 

17.54 

2007 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan 

815,490 

8.30 

699,505 

Total 

1,016,490 

10.1318 

699,505 

As part of the merger with 1st Enterprise, CU Bancorp adopted the 1st Enterprise
Bank 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended 2006 Stock Incentive Plan ), as its own equity plan and all stock options granted by 1 st Enterprise thereunder were fully vested and exercisable and were converted to CU Bancorp stock options on
substantially the same terms but adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio set forth in the Merger Agreement. At December 31, 2014, there are 745,757 options outstanding under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan with a weighted-average exercise price of
 7.86 per share. No new equity awards will be granted under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 The following Performance Graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, except to the extent that the Company
specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. The following Performance Graph was prepared for the Company by SNL Financial. The following graph compares the yearly percentage change in CU Bancorp s cumulative total shareholder return on common stock, the cumulative total return of the NASDAQ Composite and the SNL Bank and
Thrift Index. The graph assumes an initial investment value of 100 on December 31, 2009. Points on the graph represent
the performance as of the last business day of each of the quarters indicated. The graph is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 

Period Ending 

Index 
 
 12/31/09 

12/31/10 

12/31/11 

12/31/12 

12/31/13 

12/31/14 

CU Bancorp 

100.00 

113.82 

92.63 

107.93 

161.11 

199.91 

NASDAQ Composite 

100.00 

118.15 

117.22 

138.02 

193.47 

222.16 

SNL Bank and Thrift 

100.00 

111.64 

86.81 

116.57 

159.61 

178.18 

48 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 The following tables set forth selected historical financial data for CU Bancorp and its wholly-owned subsidiary, California United Bank,
for the dates indicated (dollars in thousands except per share and other data). This data should be read in conjunction with CU Bancorp s consolidated financial statements and related footnotes included in ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND
FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES contained herein. Historical information can be found in CU Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, and in reports filed by California United Bank with the
FDIC for the previous years. 

As of and for the Years ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

Statements of Operations: 

Interest income 

55,177 

50,846 

37,496 

28,756 

20,566 

Interest expense 

1,922 

2,079 

1,797 

1,316 

2,191 

Net interest income 

53,255 

48,767 

35,699 

27,440 

18,375 

Provision for loan losses 

2,239 

2,852 

1,768 

1,442 

2,542 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

51,016 

45,915 

33,931 

25,998 

15,833 

Non-interest income 

7,709 

6,518 

3,961 

2,362 

1,111 

Non-interest expense 

(43,385) 

(37,640) 

(34,500) 

(25,746) 

(20,370) 

Net income (loss) from operations 

15,340 

14,793 

3,392 

2,614 

(3,426) 
 
 Provision for income tax (benefit) 

6,432 

5,008 

1,665 

1,147 

(1,143) 

Net Income (Loss) 

8,908 

9,785 

1,727 

1,467 

(2,283) 

Per Share and Other Data: 

Basic income (loss) per share 

0.77 

0.93 

0.21 

0.23 

(0.45) 
 
 Diluted income (loss) per share 

0.75 

0.90 

0.21 

0.22 

(0.45) 
 
 Book value per common share (1) 

15.78 

12.45 

11.68 

11.63 

11.32 

Tangible book value per common share (2) 

11.37 

11.11 

10.37 

10.61 

10.22 

Weighted average shares outstanding Basic 

11,393,445 

10,567,436 

8,283,599 

6,460,104 

5,110,901 

Weighted average shares outstanding Diluted 

11,667,733 

10,836,861 

8,410,749 

6,635,862 

5,110,901 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Investment securities available-for-sale 

226,962 

106,488 

118,153 

114,091 

96,174 

Investment securities held-to-maturity 

47,147 

Loans, net 

1,612,113 

922,591 

846,082 

481,765 

415,403 

Total Assets 

2,265,117 

1,407,816 

1,249,637 

800,204 

756,284 

Deposits 

1,947,693 

1,232,423 

1,078,076 

690,756 

657,967 

Non-interest bearing demand deposits 

1,032,634 

632,192 

543,527 

381,492 

277,783 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

9,411 

11,141 

22,857 

26,187 

22,862 

Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 

5,545 

Shareholders equity 

279,192 

137,924 

125,623 

80,844 

67,274 

Selected Financial Ratios 

Return on Average Assets (3) 

0.59 

0.74 

0.16 

0.19 

(0.42) 
 
 Return on Average Equity (4) 

5.76 

7.46 

1.57 

1.91 

(3.86) 
 
 Dividend Payout Ratio 

Equity to Assets Ratio (5) 

12.33 

9.80 

10.05 

10.10 

8.90 

Tangible Common Equity to Asset Ratio (6) 

8.66 

8.84 

9.03 

9.30 

8.10 

Loans to Deposits Ratio 

83.42 

75.72 

79.30 

70.83 

64.02 

Efficiency Ratio (7) 

71 

68 

87 

86 

104 

Net Interest Margin (8) 

3.79 

3.96 

3.63 

3.70 

3.49 

Asset Quality 

Allowance for loan loss as a of total loans 

0.78 

1.14 

1.03 

1.53 

1.39 

Allowance for loan loss as a of total loans (excluding loans acquired in acquisitions) 

1.39 

1.50 

1.54 

1.75 

1.75 

Non Performing Assets to Total Assets 

0.21 

0.68 

0.84 

0.77 

1.27 

Net Charge-offs/(Recoveries) to Average Loans 

0.02 

0.12 

0.08 

(0.04) 

0.49 

Regulatory Capital Ratios (California United Bank) 

Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

11.2 

12.0 

11.6 

12.1 

17.5 

Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

10.6 

11.0 

10.7 

11.0 

16.3 

Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 

12.4 

8.9 

8.6 

9.5 

12.7 

Regulatory Capital Ratios (CU Bancorp Consolidated) 

Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

11.6 

12.8 

12.4 

Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

11.0 

11.8 

11.5 

Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 

12.9 

9.6 

9.1 

49 

Table of Contents 

(1) 
 Book value per common share is calculated by dividing shareholders equity of 279,192,000 by the total number of shares outstanding (16,683,856 shares) at
December 31, 2014, shareholder s equity of 137,924,000 by the total number of shares outstanding (11,081,364 shares) at December 31, 2013, shareholder s equity of 125,623,000 by the total number of shares outstanding
(10,758,674 shares) at December 31, 2012, shareholders equity of 80,844,000 by the total number of shares outstanding (6,950,098 shares) at December 31, 2011, and shareholders equity of 67,274,000 by the total number of
shares outstanding (5,942,636 shares) at December 31, 2010. 

(2) 
 Tangible book value per common share is calculated by dividing tangible shareholders equity (shareholders equity less preferred stock, goodwill and core
deposit and leasehold right intangibles) of 189,691,000 by the total number of shares outstanding (16,683,856 shares) at December 31, 2014, 123,107,000 by the total number of shares outstanding (11,081,364 shares) at December 31, 2013,
 111,584,000 by the total number of shares outstanding (10,758,674 shares) at December 31, 2012, 73,728,000 by the total number of shares outstanding (6,950,098 shares) at December 31, 2011, 60,739,000 by the total number of shares
outstanding (5,942,636 shares) at December 31, 2010. 

(3) 
 Return on average assets is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the average assets for the period. The average assets used
in the calculations were based on the daily average outstanding assets of the Company for the years ending December 31, 2014, 2013, 2012, 2011, and 2010. 

(4) 
 Return on average equity is calculated by dividing the Company s net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the average equity for the period. The
average equity used in the calculations was based on the daily average outstanding equity of the Company for the years ending December 31, 2014, 2013, 2012, 2011, and 2010. 

(5) 
 The equity to assets ratio was calculated by dividing the Company s shareholders equity by the Company s total assets for the appropriate period.

(6) 
 The tangible common equity to assets ratio was calculated by dividing the Company s shareholders equity less preferred stock, goodwill and core deposit and
leasehold right intangibles by the Company s total tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and core deposit and leasehold right intangibles) for the appropriate period. 

(7) 
 The efficiency ratio represents non-interest expense as a percent of net interest income plus non-interest income, excluding gain on sale of securities, net.

(8) 
 The net interest margin represents net interest income as a percent of interest bearing assets. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and
results of operations is intended to provide a better understanding of the significant changes in trends relating to the Company s financial condition, results of operation, liquidity and interest rate sensitivity. This section should be read
in conjunction with the disclosures regarding Forward-Looking Statements set forth in Item I. Business Forward-Looking Statements, as well as the discussion set forth in Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data, including the notes to consolidated financial statements. OVERVIEW 
 On December 1, 2014, the Company issued a press release announcing the completion of the merger of 1 st Enterprise Bank into California United Bank on November 30,
2014, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated June 2, 2014, as amended Merger Agreement ). 1st Enterprise was merged with and into the Bank, with the Bank continuing as the surviving entity in the merger.
Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, each outstanding share of 1st Enterprise common stock was converted into the right to receive 1.3450 of a share of the CU Bancorp common stock, resulting in 5.2 million
shares of CU Bancorp common stock issued. The fair value of the 5.2 million common stock issued as part of the consideration paid 102.7 million) was determined based on the basis of the closing market price 19.60) of CU Bancorp common stock
on November 30, 2014. The 16,400 shares of 1st Enterprise Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series D were converted into the right to receive 16,400 shares of CU Bancorp s Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (the
 CU Bancorp Preferred Stock ). The U.S. Department of the Treasury is the sole holder of all outstanding shares of CU Bancorp Preferred Stock. As part of the Merger Agreement, CU Bancorp adopted the 1st Enterprise 2006 Stock Incentive
Plan, as amended, as its own equity plan and all stock options granted by 1st Enterprise thereunder were fully vested and exercisable, and were converted to CU Bancorp stock options on substantially the same terms but adjusted to reflect the
exchange ratio set forth in the Merger Agreement and applicable Internal Revenue Code provisions and related regulations. The merger was accounted for by the Company using the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities
of 1st Enterprise were recorded at their respective fair values at acquisition date and represents management s estimates based on available information. For further information on the merger, see Note 2 Business Combinations, and Note
16 Stock Options and Restricted Stock included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The comparability of financial information for the full year of 2014 to 2013 is affected by the Company s acquisition of 1 st Enterprise effective November 30, 2014. Operating results for the full year of 2014 include the combined
operations of both entities from December 1, 2014. Full Year 2014 Highlights 

Core earnings of 11.4 million for 2014, an increase of 1.6 million or 16.3 from 2013 

Net income in 2014 before the provision for income taxes and excluding merger-related charges was 18.8 million, up 27 from the prior year

Net interest income increased to 53.3 million for 2014, an increase of 4.5 million, or 9.2 from 2013 

Total assets increased 833 million to 2.3 billion, as a result of the merger 

Total loans increased to 1.6 billion, as a result of the merger and organic loan growth 

Total deposits increased to 1.9 billion, as a result of the merger 

Non-interest bearing demand deposits were 53 of total deposits 

Excluding the effect of the 1st Enterprise merger, total loans increased 144.1 million or 15.4 from December 31, 2013, to 1.1 billion funded by
excess liquidity of the Company and deposit growth of 26.5 million 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Nonperforming assets to total assets decreased to 0.21 , at December 31, 2014, from 0.68 at December 31, 2013 

Continued status as well-capitalized, the highest regulatory category 
 Total assets increased 857.3 million or 60.9 from December 31, 2013 to 2.3 billion, mainly due to deposit growth of 715.3
million and earnings of 8.9 million. Loan growth during the period was primarily in Commercial and Industrial loans of 229.5 million, Owner-Occupied Nonresidential Properties of 141.7 million and Other Nonresidential Property loans of 209.7
million. Deposit growth during the same period consisted of an increase in non-interest bearing demand deposits of 400.4 million, interest bearing deposits of 50.8 million and money markets and savings deposits of 262.8 million. At
December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, non-interest bearing deposits represented 56 and 51 of total deposits, respectively. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES The discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements
requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. Actual
results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Various elements of our accounting
policies, by their nature, are inherently subject to estimation techniques, valuation assumptions, and other subjective assessments. We have identified several accounting policies that, due to judgments, estimates, and assumptions inherent in those
policies, are essential to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements. These policies relate to the accounting for business combinations, evaluation of goodwill for impairment, methodologies that determine our allowance for loan loss,
the valuation of impaired loans, the classification and valuation of investment securities, accounting for derivatives financial instruments and hedging activities, and accounting for income taxes. 
 We believe that our most critical accounting policies upon which our financial condition depends, and which involve the most complex or
subjective decisions or assessment, are as follows: Business Combinations 
 The Company has a number of fair value adjustments recorded within the consolidated financial statements at
December 31, 2014 that were created from the business combinations with California Oaks State Bank (COSB), Premier Commercial Bancorp (PC Bancorp) and 1 st Enterprise Bank (1 st Enterprise) on December 31, 2010, July 31, 2012 and November 30, 2014, respectively. These fair
value adjustments include the Company s goodwill, fair value adjustments on loans, core deposit intangible assets, other intangible assets, fair value adjustments to acquired lease obligations, fair value adjustments to high rate certificates
of deposit and fair value adjustments on derivatives. The assets and liabilities acquired through acquisition have been accounted for at fair value as of the date of the acquisition. The goodwill that was recorded on the transactions represented the
excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired. If the consideration paid would have been less than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the Company would have recorded a bargain purchase gain. Goodwill is not
amortized and is reviewed for impairment on October 1st of each year. If an event occurs or circumstances change that results in it being probable that the Company s fair value has declined below its book value, the Company would perform
an impairment analysis at that time. Based on the Company s 2014 goodwill impairment analysis, no impairment to goodwill
has occurred. The Company is a sole reporting unit for evaluation of goodwill. We believe the estimated fair value of the Company is above its carrying value at December 31, 2014. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 The core deposit intangibles on non-maturing deposits, which represent the intangible value
of depositor relationships resulting from deposit liabilities assumed through acquisition, are being amortized over the projected useful lives of the deposits. The weighted remaining life of the core deposit intangible is estimated at approximately
7 years at December 31, 2014. Core deposit intangibles are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. 
 Purchased Credit Impaired Loans PCI loans are acquired loans with evidence of deterioration of credit quality since
origination and it is probable at the acquisition date, that the Company will not be able to collect all contractually required amounts. When the timing and/or amounts of expected cash flows on such loans are not reasonably estimable, no interest is
accreted and the loan is reported as a non-accrual loan; otherwise, if the timing and amounts of expected cash flows for PCI loans are reasonably estimable, then interest is accreted and the loans are reported as accruing loans. The non-accretable
difference represents the difference between the undiscounted contractual cash flows and the undiscounted expected cash flows, and also reflects the estimated credit losses in the acquired loan portfolio at the acquisition date and can fluctuate due
to changes in expected cash flows during the life of the PCI loans. For non-PCI loans, loan fair value adjustments consist of an interest rate premium or discount on each individual loan and are amortized to loan interest income based on the
effective yield method over the remaining life of the loans. Allowance for Loan Loss 
 The allowance for loan loss Allowance is established by a provision for loan losses that is charged against income,
increased by charges to expense and decreased by charge-offs (net of recoveries). Loan charge-offs are charged against the Allowance when management believes the collectability of loan principal becomes unlikely. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are
credited to the Allowance. The Allowance is an amount that management believes will be adequate to absorb estimated
charge-offs related to specifically identified loans, as well as probable loan charge-offs inherent in the balance of the loan portfolio, based on an evaluation of the collectability of existing loans and prior loss experience. Management carefully
monitors changing economic conditions, the concentrations of loan categories and collateral, the financial condition of the borrowers, the history of the loan portfolio, as well as historical peer group loan loss data to determine the adequacy of
the Allowance. The Allowance is based upon estimates, and actual charge-offs may vary from the estimates. No assurance can be given that adverse future economic conditions will not lead to delinquent loans, increases in the provision for loan losses
and/or charge-offs. These evaluations are inherently subjective, as they require estimates that are susceptible to significant revisions as conditions change. In addition, regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, may
require additions to the Allowance based on their judgment about information available at the time of their examinations. Management believes that the Allowance as of December 31, 2014 is adequate to absorb known and probable losses in the loan
portfolio. The Allowance consists of specific and general components. The specific component relates to loans that are
categorized as impaired. For loans that are categorized as impaired, a specific reserve is established when the fair value of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The general component covers non-impaired loans and is
based on the type of loan and historical charge-off experience adjusted for qualitative factors. While the general allowance
covers all non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for the various qualitative factors, the change in the Allowance from one reporting period to the next may not directly correlate to the rate of change of
nonperforming loans for the following reasons: 

A loan moving from the impaired performing status to an impaired non-performing status does not mandate an automatic increase in reserves. The
individual loan is evaluated for a specific reserve requirement when the loan moves to the impaired status, not when the loan moves to non-performing status. In addition, the impaired loan is reevaluated at each subsequent reporting period. Impaired
loans 
 53 

Table of Contents 

are evaluated by comparing the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell, if the loan is collateral dependent, and the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the
loan s effective interest rate, if the loan is not collateral dependent. 

Not all impaired loans require a specific reserve. The payment performance of the borrower may require an impaired classification, but the collateral
evaluation may support adequate collateral coverage. For a number of impaired loans in which borrower performance is in question, the collateral coverage may be sufficient because a partial charge off of the loan has been taken. In those instances,
neither a general reserve nor a specific reserve is assessed. Investment Securities 
 The Company currently classifies its investment securities under the available-for-sale and held-to-maturity classification. Under the
available-for-sale classification, securities can be sold in response to certain conditions, such as changes in interest rates, changes in the credit quality of the securities, when the credit quality of a security does not conform with current
investment policy guidelines, fluctuations in deposit levels or loan demand or need to restructure the portfolio to better match the maturity or interest rate characteristics of liabilities with assets. Securities classified as available-for-sale
are accounted for at their current fair value rather than amortized cost. Unrealized gains or losses are excluded from net income and reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) included in shareholders 
equity. Under the held-to-maturity classification, if the Company has the intent and the ability at the time of purchase to hold these securities until maturity, they are classified as held-to-maturity and are stated at amortized cost. 
 As of each reporting date, the Company evaluates the securities portfolio to determine if there has been an other-than-temporary
impairment OTTI on each of the individual securities in the investment securities portfolio. If it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of a debt security not
impaired at acquisition, an OTTI shall be considered to have occurred. Once an OTTI is considered to have occurred, the credit portion of the loss is required to be recognized in current earnings, while the non-credit portion of the loss is recorded
as a separate component of shareholders equity. In estimating whether an other-than-temporary impairment loss has
occurred, management considers, among other things, (i) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (ii) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, (iii) the current liquidity
and volatility of the market for each of the individual security categories, (iv) the current slope and shape of the Treasury yield curve, along with where the economy is in the current interest rate cycle, (v) the spread differential
between the current spread and the long-term average spread for that security category, (vi) the projected cash flows from the specific security type, (vii) any financial guarantee and financial condition of the guarantor and
(viii) the intent and ability of the Company to retain its investment in the issue for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. If it s determined that an OTTI exists on a debt security, the Company then determines if (a) it intends to sell the security or (b) it is more likely than not that it will be required to
sell the security before its anticipated recovery. If either of the conditions is met, the Company will recognize the amount of the OTTI in earnings equal to the difference between the security s fair value and its adjusted cost basis. If
neither of the conditions is met, the Company determines (a) the amount of the impairment related to credit loss and (b) the amount of the impairment due to all other factors. The difference between the present value of the cash flows
expected to be collected and the amortized cost basis is the credit loss. The credit loss is the portion of the other-than-temporary impairment that is recognized in earnings and is a reduction to the cost basis of the security. The portion of total
impairment related to all other factors is included in other comprehensive income. Significant judgment is required in this analysis that includes, but is not limited to assumptions regarding the collectability of principal and interest, future
default rates, future prepayment speeds, the amount of current delinquencies that will result in defaults and the amount of eventual recoveries expected on these defaulted loans through the foreclosure process. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Realized gains and losses on sales of securities are recognized in earnings at the time of
sale and are determined on a specific-identification basis. Purchase premiums and discounts are recognized in interest income using the interest method over the expected maturity term of the securities. For mortgage-backed securities, the
amortization or accretion is based on estimated average lives of the securities. The lives of these securities can fluctuate based on the amount of prepayments received on the underlying collateral of the securities. The amount of prepayments varies
from time to time based on the interest rate environment and the rate of turnover of mortgages. The Company s investment in the common stock of the FHLB, Pacific Coast Bankers Bank PCBB and The Independent Banker s Bank TIB and the preferred stock of TIB is carried at cost and is included in other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities All derivative
instruments (interest rate swap contracts) were recognized on the consolidated balance sheet at their current fair value. For derivatives designated as fair value hedges, changes in the fair value of the derivative and hedged item related to the
hedged risk are recognized in earnings. ASC Topic 815 establishes the accounting and reporting standards requiring that every derivative instrument (including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts) be recorded in the balance
sheet as either an asset or liability measured at its fair value. ASC Topic 815 requires that changes in the derivative s fair value be recognized currently in earnings unless specific hedge accounting criteria are met. Accounting for
qualifying hedges allows a derivative s gains and losses to offset related results on the hedged item in the income statement, and requires that a company must formally document, designate and assess the effectiveness of transactions that
receive hedge accounting. On the date a derivative contract is entered into by the Company, the Company will designate the
derivative contract as either a fair value hedge (i.e. a hedge of the fair value of a recognized asset or liability), a cash flow hedge (i.e. a hedge of the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or
liability), or a stand-alone derivative (i.e. and instrument with no hedging designation). For a derivative designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are
recognized in earnings. If the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portions of changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in other comprehensive income and are recognized in the income statement when the hedged
item affects earnings. Changes in the fair value of derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are reported currently in earnings, as other non-interest income. The Company also formally assesses the hedge s current effectiveness in
offsetting changes in the fair values of the hedged items. On an ongoing basis, the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are evaluated as to how effective they are in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items.
 The Company will discontinue hedge accounting prospectively when it is determined that the derivative is no longer effective
in offsetting change in the fair value of the hedged item, the derivative expires or is sold, is terminated, or management determines that designation of the derivative as a hedging instrument is no longer appropriate. When hedge accounting is
discontinued, the Company will continue to carry the derivative on the balance sheet at its fair value (if applicable), but will no longer adjust the hedged asset or liability for changes in fair value. The adjustments of the carrying amount of the
hedged asset or liability will be accounted for in the same manner as other components of the carrying amount of that asset or liability, and the adjustments are amortized to interest income over the remaining life of the hedged item upon the
termination of hedge accounting. Income Taxes Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed using the asset and liability method, which recognizes a liability or asset representing the tax effects, based on current tax law, of future
deductible or taxable amounts attributable to events that have been recognized in the financial statements. A valuation allowance is established to the extent necessary to reduce the deferred tax asset to the level at which it is more
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

likely than not that the tax assets or benefits will be realized. Realization of tax benefits for deductible temporary differences and operating loss carryforwards depends on having
sufficient taxable income of an appropriate character within the carryback and carryforward period and that current tax law will allow for the realization of those tax benefits. 
 The Company is required to account for uncertainty associated with the tax positions it has taken or expects to be taken on past, current
and future tax returns. Where there may be a degree of uncertainty as to the tax realization of an item, the Company may only record the tax effects (expense or benefits) from an uncertain tax position in the financial statements if, based on its
merits, the position is more likely than not to be sustained on audit by the taxing authorities. The Company does not believe that it has any material uncertain tax positions taken to date that are not more likely than not to be realized.
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Key Profitability Measures 
 The following table presents key profitability measures for the periods indicated and the dollar and percentage changes between the
periods (dollars in thousands, except per share data): 

Years Ended December 31, 

Increase / (Decrease) 

2014 

2013 

Net Income Available to Common Shareholders 

8,908 

9,785 

(877) 

(9.0) 

Earnings per share 

Basic 

0.77 

0.93 

(0.16) 

(17.2) 
 
 Diluted 

0.75 

0.90 

(0.15) 

(16.7) 
 
 Return on average assets (1) 

0.59 

0.74 

(0.15) 

(20.3) 
 
 Return on average equity (2) 

5.76 

7.46 

(1.70) 

(22.8) 
 
 Net interest rate spread (3) 

3.62 

3.95 

(0.16) 

(4.1) 
 
 Net interest margin (4) 

3.79 

3.96 

(0.17) 

(4.3) 
 
 Efficiency ratio (5) 

71.00 

68.00 

3.00 

4.4 

Years Ended December 31, 

Increase / (Decrease) 

2013 

2012 

Net Income Available to Common Shareholders 

9,785 

1,727 

8,058 

466.6 

Earnings per share 

Basic 

0.93 

0.21 

0.72 

342.9 

Diluted 

0.90 

0.21 

0.69 

328.6 

Return on average assets (1) 

0.74 

0.16 

0.58 

362.5 

Return on average equity (2) 

7.46 

1.57 

5.89 

375.2 

Net interest rate spread (3) 

3.78 

3.43 

0.52 

15.2 

Net interest margin (4) 

3.96 

3.63 

0.33 

9.1 

Efficiency ratio (5) 

68.00 

87.00 

(19.00) 

(21.8) 

(1) 
 Return on average assets is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the average assets for the period.

(2) 
 Return on average equity is calculated by dividing the Company s net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the average equity for the period.

(3) 
 Net interest rate spread represents the yield earned on average total interest earning assets less the rate paid on average total interest bearing liabilities.

(4) 
 The net interest margin represents net interest income as a percent of interest bearing assets 

(5) 
 Efficiency ratio represents non-interest expense as a percent of net interest income plus non-interest income, excluding gain on sale of securities, net.
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s increase in total assets over the last nine years is
due to the Company s execution of its primary business model focusing on businesses, non-profits, entrepreneurs, professionals and investors, supplemented by the mergers with 1 st Enterprise in November 2014, PC Bancorp in July of 2012 and COSB in December of 2010. The Company is organized and
operated as a single reporting segment, principally engaged in commercial business banking. At December 31, 2014, the Company conducted its lending and deposit operations through ten branch offices, located in the counties of Los Angeles,
Ventura, Orange and San Bernardino in Southern California. The consolidated financial statements, as they appear in this document, represent the grouping of revenue and expense items as they are presented to executive management for use in
strategically directing the Company s operations. The Company s growth in loans and deposit liabilities during 2014 was the direct result of the 1 st Enterprise merger, and successfully executing its growth strategies by maintaining existing customer relationships, in
addition to adding new customer relationships. The increase in the customer base is a result of establishing new customer relationships from referrals from Board members, current customers, and the local communities the Company actively supports. In
addition, the Company targets potential customers whose current bank may be unable to provide the same level of customer support that the customer has come to desire. Operations Performance Summary Year Ended December 31, 2014
Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2013 Net income available to common shareholders for the
year ended December 31, 2014 was 8.9 million, or 0.75 per diluted share, compared to 9.8 million, or 0.90 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2013. The 877,000 decrease, or 9.0 , was primarily due to 3.5 million 2.6 million, net of taxes) in charges related to the 1 st Enterprise merger. Operating results for the full year of 2014 include the combined operations of both California United Bank and 1 st Enterprise Bank from December 1, 2014. Despite charges related to the merger during 2014, net interest income
increased 4.5 million, provision for loan losses decreased 613,000, non-interest income increased 1.2 million, offset by an increase in non-interest expense of 2.2 million excluding the 3.5 million merger-related charge discussed above. The
increase in the tax provision of 1.4 million and a higher effective tax rate is primarily due to the inclusion of significant non-deductible merger costs in 2014 related to the 1 st Enterprise merger which were not subject to the same percentage of tax deductibility. Each of these increases and or
decreases is more fully described below. Year Ended December 31, 2013 Compared to Year Ended December 31,
2012 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2013 was 9.8 million, or 0.90 per diluted share, compared to
 1.7 million, or 0.21 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2012. The 8.1 million increase, or 466.6 , was primarily due the acquisition of PC Bancorp in July 2012 having a full year impact on operating results of 2013, coupled
with organic loan growth of 137 million. During 2013, net interest income increased 13.1 million, non-interest income increased 2.6 million, offset by an increase in provision for loan losses of 1.1 million and an increase in non-interest
expense of 6.2 million excluding a 3.0 million decrease in merger related expenses from 2012. The increase in the tax provision of 3.3 million but a lower effective tax rate is primarily due to the inclusion of significant non-deductible merger
costs in 2012 related to the PC Bancorp acquisition which were not subject to the same percentage of tax deductibility. Each of these increases and or decreases is more fully described below. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Average Balances, Interest Income and Expense, Yields and Rates 
 Years Ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 The following table presents the Company s average balance sheets, together with the total dollar amounts of interest income and interest expense and the weighted average interest yield/rate for the
periods presented. All average balances are daily average balances (dollars in thousands). 

Years Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Average Balance 

Interest Income/ Expense 

Average Yield/ Rate 

Average Balance 

Interest Income/ Expense 

Average Yield/ Rate 

Interest earning Assets: 

Deposits in other financial institutions 

265,076 

926 

0.34 

245,102 

732 

0.29 

Investment securities (1) 

129,841 

2,369 

1.82 

106,806 

1,913 

1.79 

Loans (2) 

1,010,030 

51,882 

5.14 

878,705 

48,201 

5.49 

Total interest earning assets 

1,404,947 

55,177 

3.93 

1,230,613 

50,846 

4.13 

Non-interest earning assets 

95,818 

91,975 

Total assets 

1,500,765 

1,322,588 

Interest bearing Liabilities: 

Interest bearing transaction accounts 

153,327 

278 

0.18 

130,247 

238 

0.18 

Money market and savings deposits 

390,185 

963 

0.25 

361,486 

1,027 

0.28 

Certificates of deposit 

61,048 

216 

0.35 

65,943 

255 

0.39 

Total interest bearing deposits 

604,560 

1,457 

0.24 

557,676 

1,520 

0.27 

Subordinated debentures 

9,556 

431 

4.45 

9,368 

485 

5.11 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

13,579 

34 

0.25 

24,376 

74 

0.30 

Total borrowings 

23,135 

465 

2.01 

33,744 

559 

1.66 

Total interest bearing liabilities 

627,695 

1,922 

0.31 

591,420 

2,079 

0.35 

Non-interest bearing demand deposits 

704,437 

587,637 

Total funding sources 

1,332,132 

1,179,057 

Non-interest bearing liabilities 

16,133 

12,244 

Shareholders equity 

152,500 

131,244 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

1,500,765 

1,322,588 

Net interest income 

53,255 

48,767 

Net interest rate spread (3) 

3.62 

3.78 

Net interest margin (4) 

3.79 

3.96 

Core net interest margin (5) 

3.64 

3.78 

(1) 
 Average balances of investment securities available-for-sale are presented on an amortized cost basis and thus do not include the unrealized market gain or loss on the
securities. 

(2) 
 Average balances of loans are calculated net of deferred loan fees and fair value discounts, but would include non-accrual loans which have a zero yield.

(3) 
 Net interest rate spread represents the yield earned on average total interest earning assets less the rate paid on average total interest bearing liabilities.

(4) 
 Net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income by average total interest earning assets. 

(5) 
 Core net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income, excluding accelerated accretion of fair value discounts earned on early loan payoffs of acquired
loans and interest recovered or reversed on non-accrual loans, by average total interest-earning assets. See the reconciliation table for core net interest margin. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Average Balances, Interest Income and Expense, Yields and Rates 
 Years Ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 The following table presents the Company s average balance sheets, together with the total dollar amounts of interest income and interest expense and the weighted average interest yield/rate for the
periods presented. All average balances are daily average balances (dollars in thousands). 

Years Ended December 31, 

2013 

2012 

Average Balance 

Interest Income/ Expense 

Average Yield/ Rate 

Average Balance 

Interest Income/ Expense 

Average Yield/ Rate 

Interest earning Assets: 

Deposits in other financial institutions 

245,102 

732 

0.29 

264,687 

807 

0.30 

Investment securities (1) 

106,806 

1,913 

1.79 

111,928 

2,421 

2.16 

Loans (2) 

878,705 

48,201 

5.49 

606,142 

34,268 

5.65 

Total interest earning assets 

1,230,613 

50,846 

4.13 

982,757 

37,496 

3.82 

Non-interest earning assets 

91,975 

63,420 

Total assets 

1,322,588 

1,046,177 

Interest bearing Liabilities: 

Interest bearing transaction accounts 

130,247 

238 

0.18 

87,923 

184 

0.21 

Money market and savings deposits 

361,486 

1,027 

0.28 

278,635 

927 

0.33 

Certificates of deposit 

65,943 

255 

0.39 

64,964 

264 

0.41 

Total interest bearing deposits 

557,676 

1,520 

0.27 

431,522 

1,375 

0.32 

Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 

Subordinated debentures 

9,368 

485 

5.11 

3,825 

332 

8.68 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

24,376 

74 

0.30 

26,027 

90 

0.35 

Total borrowings 

33,744 

559 

1.66 

29,852 

422 

1.41 

Total interest bearing liabilities 

591,420 

2,079 

0.35 

461,374 

1,797 

0.39 

Non-interest bearing demand deposits 

587,637 

477,792 

Total funding sources 

1,179,057 

936,166 

Non-interest bearing liabilities 

12,244 

7,029 

Shareholders equity 

131,244 

99,982 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

1,322,588 

1,046,177 

Net interest income 

48,767 

35,699 

Net interest rate spread (3) 

3.78 

3.43 

Net interest margin (4) 

3.96 

3.63 

Core net interest margin (5) 

3.78 

3.55 

(1) 
 Average balances of investment securities available-for-sale are presented on an amortized cost basis and thus do not include the unrealized market gain or loss on the
securities. 

(2) 
 Average balances of loans are calculated net of deferred loan fees and fair value discounts, but would include non-accrual loans which have a zero yield.

(3) 
 Net interest rate spread represents the yield earned on average total interest earning assets less the rate paid on total average interest bearing liabilities.

(4) 
 Net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income by average total interest earning assets. 

(5) 
 Core net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income, excluding accelerated accretion of fair value discounts earned on early loan payoffs of acquired
loans and interest recovered or reversed on non-accrual loans, by average total interest-earning assets. See the reconciliation table for core net interest margin. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of Core Net Interest Margin to Net Interest Margin 
 The following table represents a reconciliation of GAAP net interest margin to core net interest margin used by the Company. The table
presents the information for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Years
Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Net Interest Income 

53,255 

48,767 

35,699 

Less: Interest recovered (reversed) on non-accrual loans 

227 

(5) 

Accelerated accretion of fair value adjustments on early loan payoffs 

1,789 

2,234 

836 

Core Net Interest Income 

51,239 

46,538 

34,863 

Net interest margin 

3.79 

3.96 

3.63 

Core net interest margin 

3.64 

3.78 

3.55 
 
 Composition of Net Deferred Loan Fees, Costs and Fair Value Discount 
 The following table reflects the composition of the net deferred loan fees, costs and fair value discounts at December 31, 2014 and
2013 (dollars in thousands): 

Years
Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Accreting discount 

21,726 

7,912 

Non accreting loan discount 

567 

2,683 

Acquired loans remaining discount 

22,293 

10,595 

Organic loans net deferred fees 

3,471 

2,014 

Total 

25,763 

12,609 

60 

Table of Contents 

 Net Changes in Average Balances, Composition, Yields and Rates 
 Years Ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 The following table sets forth the composition of average interest earning assets and average interest bearing liabilities by category and by the percentage of each category to the total for the periods
indicated, including the change in average balance, composition and yield/rate between these respective periods (dollars in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Increase (Decrease) 

Average Balance 

of Total 

Average Yield/ Rate 

Average Balance 

of Total 

Average Yield/ Rate 

Average Balance 

of Total 

Average Yield/ Rate 

Interest earning Assets: 

Deposits in other financial institutions 

265,076 

18.9 

0.34 

245,102 

19.9 

0.29 

19,974 

(1.0) 

0.05 

Investment securities 

129,841 

9.2 

1.82 

106,806 

8.7 

1.79 

23,035 

0.6 

0.03 

Loans 

1,010,030 

71.9 

5.14 

878,705 

71.4 

5.49 

131,325 

0.5 

(0.35) 

Total interest earning assets 

1,404,947 

100.0 

3.93 

1,230,613 

100.0 

4.13 

174,334 

(0.20) 

Funding Sources: 

Non-interest bearing demand deposits 

704,437 

52.9 

587,637 

49.8 

116,800 

3.0 

Interest bearing transaction accounts 

153,327 

11.5 

0.18 

130,247 

11.0 

0.18 

23,080 

0.5 

0.00 

Money market and savings deposits 

390,185 

29.3 

0.25 

361,486 

30.7 

0.28 

28,699 

(1.4) 

(0.03) 
 
 Certificates of deposit 

61,048 

4.6 

0.35 

65,943 

5.6 

0.39 

(4,895) 

(1.0) 

(0.04) 

Total deposits 

1,308,997 

98.3 

0.11 

1,145,313 

97.1 

0.13 

163,684 

1.1 

(0.02) 
 
 Subordinated debentures 

9,556 

0.7 

4.45 

9,368 

0.8 

5.11 

188 

(0.1) 

(0.66) 
 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

13,579 

1.0 

0.25 

24,376 

2.1 

0.30 

(10,797) 

(1.0) 

(0.05) 

Total borrowings 

23,135 

1.7 

2.01 

33,744 

2.9 

1.66 

(10,609) 

(1.1) 

0.35 

Total funding sources 

1,332,132 

100.0 

0.14 

1,179,057 

100.0 

0.18 

153,075 

(0.04) 

Excess of interest earning assets over funding sources 

72,815 

51,556 

21,259 

Net interest rate spread 

3.62 

3.78 

(0.16) 
 
 Net interest margin 

3.79 

3.96 

(0.17) 
 
 Core net interest margin 

3.64 

3.78 

(0.15) 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Net Changes in Average Balances, Composition, Yields and Rates 
 Years Ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 The following table sets forth the composition of average interest earning assets and average interest bearing liabilities by category and by the percentage of each category to the total for the periods
indicated, including the change in average balance, composition and yield/rate between these respective periods (dollars in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2013 

2012 

Increase (Decrease) 

Average Balance 

of Total 

Average Yield/ Rate 

Average Balance 

of Total 

Average Yield/ Rate 

Average Balance 

of Total 

Average Yield/ Rate 

Interest earning Assets: 

Deposits in other financial institutions 

245,102 

19.9 

0.29 

264,687 

26.9 

0.30 

(19,585) 

(7.0) 

(0.01) 
 
 Investment securities 

106,806 

8.7 

1.79 

111,928 

11.4 

2.16 

(5,122) 

(2.7) 

(0.37) 
 
 Loans 

878,705 

71.4 

5.49 

606,142 

61.7 

5.65 

272,563 

9.7 

(0.16) 

Total interest earning assets 

1,230,613 

100.0 

4.13 

982,757 

100.0 

3.82 

247,856 

0.31 

Funding Sources: 

Non-interest bearing demand deposits 

587,637 

49.8 

477,792 

50.9 

109,845 

(1.0) 

Interest bearing transaction accounts 

130,247 

11.0 

0.18 

87,923 

9.4 

0.21 

42,324 

1.7 

(0.03) 
 
 Money market and savings deposits 

361,486 

30.7 

0.28 

278,635 

29.7 

0.33 

82,851 

1.0 

(0.05) 
 
 Certificates of deposit 

65,943 

5.6 

0.39 

64,964 

6.8 

0.41 

979 

(1.3) 

(0.02) 

Total deposits 

1,145,313 

97.1 

0.13 

909,314 

96.8 

0.15 

235,999 

0.3 

(0.02) 
 
 Subordinated debentures 

9,368 

0.8 

5.11 

3,825 

0.4 

8.68 

5,543 

0.4 

(3.43) 
 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

24,376 

2.1 

0.30 

26,027 

2.8 

0.35 

(1,651) 

(0.7) 

(0.05) 

Total borrowings 

33,744 

2.9 

1.66 

29,852 

3.2 

1.41 

3,892 

(0.3) 

0.25 

Total funding sources 

1,179,057 

100.0 

0.18 

939,166 

100.0 

0.19 

239,891 

(0.01) 

Excess of interest earning assets over funding sources 

51,556 

43,591 

7,965 

Net interest rate spread 

3.78 

3.43 

0.35 

Net interest margin 

3.96 

3.63 

0.33 

Core net interest margin 

3.78 

3.55 

0.23 

62 

Table of Contents 

 Volume and Rate Variance Analysis of Net Interest Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 The following table presents the dollar amount of changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in average balances of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities and changes
in interest rates. For each category of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to: (i) changes in volume (i.e. changes in average balance multiplied by prior period rate) and
(ii) changes in rate (i.e. changes in rate multiplied by prior period average balance). For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume which cannot be segregated have been allocated proportionately based on the
absolute dollar amounts of the changes due to volume and rate (dollars in thousands): 

December 31, 2014 vs. 2013 

December 31, 2013 vs. 2012 

Volume 

Rate 

Total 

Volume 

Rate 

Total 

Deposits in other financial institutions 

60 

134 

194 

15,322 

(1,399) 

13,933 

Investment securities 

417 

39 

456 

(52) 

(23) 

(75) 
 
 Loans 

7,377 

(3,696) 

3,681 

(112) 

(396) 

(508) 

Total interest income 

7,854 

(3,523) 

4,331 

15,168 

(1,818) 

13,350 

Interest Expense: 

Interest bearing transaction accounts 

40 

40 

108 

(54) 

54 

Money market and savings deposits 

74 

(138) 

(64) 

266 

(166) 

100 

Certificates of deposit 

(16) 

(23) 

(39) 

4 

(13) 

(9) 

Total deposits 

98 

(161) 

(63) 

378 

(233) 

145 

Subordinated debentures 

9 

(63) 

(54) 

473 

(320) 

153 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

(33) 

(7) 

(40) 

(5) 

(11) 

(16) 

Total borrowings 

(24) 

(70) 

(94) 

468 

(331) 

137 

Total interest expense 

74 

(231) 

(157) 

846 

(564) 

282 

Net Interest Income 

7,780 

(3,292) 

4,488 

14,322 

(1,254) 

13,068 

Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2013 
 The net interest margin declined 17 basis points to 3.79 for the year ended December 31, 2014, compared to 3.96 for the year ended
December 31, 2013. The decline in net interest margin is primarily due to a 35 basis point decrease in loan yield, offset by a 3 and 4 basis point decline in the money market and savings deposits rate, and certificates of deposits rate,
respectively. The lower net interest margin in 2014 is attributable to the continued low interest rate environment, as new loans have been originated at lower interest rates than those loans that have been paid off. This is in addition to a lower
level of fair value discounts earned on early payoffs of acquired loans in 2014 compared to 2013. Fair value discounts earned on early payoffs of acquired loans were 1.8 million compared to 2.2 million for 2014 and 2013, respectively. Despite a
decline in the net interest margin, net interest income increased 4.5 million mainly due to a higher average loan balance. However, net interest income also included the recovery of 227,000 of interest income on an acquired loan that was on non-accrual status in 2014 and a reversal of 5,000 of interest income on another acquired loan that was put on non-accrual status in 2013. The impact to the Company s net interest margin from the accelerated
accretion and the recovery or reversal of interest income for 2014 and 2013 was 15 basis points and 18 basis points, respectively. Year Ended December 31, 2013 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2012 The net interest margin increased 33 basis points to 3.96 for the year ended December 31, 2013, compared to 3.63 for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in net interest margin is
primarily due to a change in the mix of the Company s average interest earning assets with loans increasing from 61.7 to 71.4 of total 
 63 

Table of Contents 

interest earning assets in 2013 and 2012, respectively. This is a direct result of both the acquisition of PC Bancorp having a full year impact on the operating results in 2013 and strong organic
loan growth of the Company. Additionally, the higher net interest margin in 2014 is attributable to a higher level of fair value discounts earned on early payoffs of acquired loans in 2013 compared to 2012. Fair value discounts earned on early
payoffs of acquired loans were 2.2 million compared to 836,000 for 2013 and 2012, respectively. Net interest income increased 13.1 million mainly due to a higher average loan balance. Net interest income for 2013 included a reversal of 5,000 of
interest income on an acquired loan that was put on non-accrual status in 2013. There was no similar activity in 2012. The impact to the Company s net interest margin from the accelerated accretion and the recovery or reversal of interest
income for 2013 and 2012 was 18 basis points and 8 basis points, respectively. Provision for Loan Losses 
 The Company maintains an allowance for loan loss Allowance to provide for probable losses in the loan portfolio. Additions
to the Allowance are made by charges to operating expense in the form of a provision for loan losses. All loans that are judged to be uncollectible are charged against the Allowance, while any recoveries are credited to the Allowance. 
 Provision for loan losses was 2.2 million, 2.9 million and 1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively. Excluding the loans acquired from acquisitions, the Company had 197 million, 137 million and 115 million of net organic loan growth for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Net charge-offs were 232,000, 1.1 million and 460,000 in
2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. See further discussion in Balance Sheet Analysis, Allowance for Loan Loss . 
 Non-interest Income The following table lists the major components of the Company s non-interest income (dollars in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

Increase (Decrease) 

Years Ended December 31, 

Increase (Decrease) 

2014 

2013 

2013 

2012 

Gain (Loss) on sale of securities, net 

(47) 

47 

(94) 

(200.0) 

47 

47 

100.0 

Total other-than-temporary impairment losses, net 

(155) 

155 

(100.0) 
 
 Gain on sale of SBA loans, net 

1,221 

1,087 

134 

12.3 

1,087 

50 

1,037 

2,074 

Deposit account service charge income 

2,744 

2,377 

367 

15.4 

2,337 

2,130 

247 

11.6 

Other non-interest income 

3,791 

3,007 

784 

26.1 

3,007 

1,936 

1,071 

55.3 

Total Non-Interest Income 

7,709 

6,518 

1,191 

18.3 

6,518 

3,961 

2,557 

64.6 

Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2013 
 Non-interest income increased 1.2 million or 18.3 mainly due to a an improvement in deposit account service charge income of 367,000,
 134,000 increase in gain on sale of SBA loans, and an increase of 784,000 in other non-interest income. Included in other non-interest income in 2014 were increases of 339,000 in transaction referral fees, 132,000 in letters of credit fees, and
a 225,000 settlement in the second quarter related to an other real estate owned property sold in 2013. Year Ended
December 31, 2013 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2012 Non-interest income increased 2.6 million or
64.6 mainly due to a 1.0 million increase in gain on sale of SBA loans, a 247,000 increase in deposit account service charge income and a 1.1 million increase in other non-interest income. The increase in deposit account service charge income is
primarily driven by an increase in 
 64 

Table of Contents 

DDA account analysis fees coupled with the growth in deposit base resulting from the PC Bancorp acquisition in 2012. The increase in other non-interest income of 1.1 million was mainly due to a
one-time 250,000 insurance settlement received in 2013 related to a wire fraud that occurred in 2012, a 208,000 increase in SBA loan servicing income, a 351,000 increase in Bank Owned Life Insurance income, a 244,000 increase in other
non-interest loan related fees and an increase in dividend income of 203,000. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in derivative income from the non-hedged swap contracts of 320,000. The reduction of the other-than-temporary
impairment losses was the result of the sale of the private issue CMO securities in January of 2013. The gain on sale of investment securities in 2013 included the sale of all of the Company s private issue CMO securities in the first quarter
of 2013. Non-Interest Expense The following table lists the major components of the Company s non-interest expense (dollars in thousands): 

2014 vs. 2013 

2013 vs. 2012 

Years Ended December 31, 

Increase (Decrease) 

Increase (Decrease) 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Salaries and employee benefits 

24,820 

21,782 

17,609 

3,038 

13.9 

4,173 

23.7 

Stock based compensation expense 

1,699 

1,088 

1,120 

611 

56.2 

(32) 

(2.9) 
 
 Occupancy 

4,112 

4,194 

3,564 

(82) 

(2.0) 

630 

17.7 

Data processing 

1,968 

1,868 

1,905 

100 

5.4 

(37) 

(1.9) 
 
 Legal and professional 

2,006 

2,166 

1,350 

(160) 

(7.4) 

816 

60.4 

FDIC deposit assessment 

844 

880 

719 

(36) 

(4.1) 

161 

22.4 

Merger related expenses 

2,302 

43 

3,058 

2,259 

5,253.5 

(3,015) 

(98.6) 
 
 OREO expenses 

15 

95 

343 

(80) 

(84.2) 

(248) 

(72.3) 
 
 Office services expenses 

1,026 

1,034 

1,127 

(8) 

(0.8) 

(93) 

(8.3) 
 
 Other operating expenses 

4,593 

4,490 

3,705 

103 

2.3 

785 

21.2 

Total non-interest expense 

43,385 

37,640 

34,500 

5,745 

15.3 

3,140 

9.1 

Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2013 
 Non-interest expense increased by 5.7 million, or 15.3 mainly due to a 3.0 million increase in salaries and
employee benefits, a 611,000 increase in stock based compensation expense and a 2.3 million increase in merger related expenses related to the 1 st Enterprise merger. The increase in salaries and employee benefits was attributable to the accrual of bonus and
retention incentives related to the 1 st Enterprise merger,
as well as an increase in the number of full time employees from 175 at December 31, 2013 to 250 at December 31, 2014. The increase in stock based compensation expense reflects the delay in the annual granting of stock-based compensation
in 2013 and additional expense from the granting of stock awards to new executives and employees after the
1 st Enterprise merger in 2014. Merger related expenses
included legal fees, investment banking fees, professional fees and contract termination fees. Year Ended
December 31, 2013 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2012 Non-interest expense increased by 3.1 million,
or 9.1 mainly due to a 4.2 million increase in salaries and employee benefits, 630,000 increase in occupancy expense, 816,000 increase in legal and professional expenses, offset by a 3.0 million decrease in merger related expenses. The increase
in salaries and employee benefits is due to an increase in average staffing levels during 2013 as a direct result from the PC Bancorp acquisition in July 2012. The Company had 175 full time employees at December 31, 2013 compared to 167 at
December 31, 2012. The increase in occupancy cost is due to the acquisition of a branch and office space located in Anaheim and a branch located in Irvine in conjunction with the PC Bancorp acquisition. Occupancy cost for
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

2013 includes rent, depreciation, utilities, repairs and maintenance for the Anaheim and Irvine locations for the full year of 2013. The increase in legal and professional cost is due to a
 207,000 increase in legal fees associated with the establishment of a holding company and litigation matters acquired from PC Bancorp, a 354,000 increase in audit fees due to an increase in the number of internal audits conducted in 2013 compared
to 2012 and a 255,000 increase in consulting fees due to the Company s hiring of two former PC Bancorp executives who provided services to the Company beginning in August 2012. 
 Income Taxes The effective tax rate was 41.9 , 33.9 and 49.1 for the year ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The higher effective tax rate for 2014 and 2012 is primarily due to the inclusion
of significant non-deductible merger costs which were not subject to the same percentage of tax deductibility. Specifically for 2014, the higher effective tax rate is also attributable to the discontinuance of the California net interest deduction
on loans within designated enterprise zones beginning January 1, 2014. Further, the Company s effective tax rate for all years is impacted by the increase in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance policies which is excluded from
taxable income and the Company has invested in Qualified Affordable Housing Projects LIHTC that generate tax credits and benefits for the Company. The Company operates in the Federal and California jurisdictions and the blended statutory
tax rate for Federal and California income taxes is 42.05 for 2014 and 2013, and 41.15 for 2012. Reconciliation of Core
Net Income to Net Income The Company utilizes the term Core Net Income, a non-GAAP financial measure. CU Bancorp s
management believes Core Net Income is useful because it is a measure utilized by market analysts to understand the effects of merger- related expenses and provides an alternative view of the Company s performance over time and in comparison to
the Company s competitors. Core net income should not be viewed as a substitute for net income. A reconciliation of CU Bancorp s Net Income to Core Net Income is presented in the table below for the periods indicated (dollars in
thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Net Income Available to Common Shareholders 

8,784 

9,785 

Add back: Merger expenses, net 

1,952 

43 

Add back: Severance and retention, net 

693 

Core Net Income Available to Common Shareholders 

11,429 

9,828 

Core net income available to common shareholders increased by 1.6 million compared to 2013. The increase
in the Company s core net income during 2014 represented a significant increase in the level of profitability that was driven by quality loan growth, enhanced by the synergies from previous years mergers. These results for 2014 reflect
the benefit of our increased scale, which provided the Company the opportunity to realize additional operating leverage, as the loan portfolio expanded from both acquisition and organic loan growth in 2014. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 Balance Sheet Analysis Total assets increased 857 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 to 2.3 billion with net loan growth of 691.5 million, an increase of 120.5 million in investment securities
available-for-sale, at fair value, an increase of 47.1 million increase in investment securities held-to-maturity, a 17.5 million increase in Bank owned life insurance and a 51.7 million increase in goodwill. All increases are a direct result of
the 1 st Enterprise merger in 2014, with the exception of
net organic loan growth of 197 million during 2014. These increases were offset by a net decrease of 108.7 million of cash and cash equivalents and certificates of deposits in other financial institutions due to the use of excess liquidity to fund
organic loan growth during 2014. Net organic loan growth during the period was 197 million, partially offset by 58.8 million in runoff of purchased loans from the COSB, PC Bancorp acquisitions and 1 st Enterprise merger. Loan growth for the year of 2014 was across all
loan types due to the similarity of loan composition between California United Bank and 1 st Enterprise. Excluding the deposits acquired from 1 st Enterprise, funding the asset growth for the Company for 2014 was
the growth in deposits of 26.5 million and earnings of 8.9 million. Further, the deposits growth of 26.5 million is the result of a 55.5 million increase in non-interest bearing deposits offset by a 32 million decrease in money market and
savings deposits. At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, non-interest bearing deposits represented 53 and 51 of total deposits, respectively. Investment Securities In order to maintain the Company s goal of
maintaining a high degree of both on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet liquidity, the Company maintains a portion of its investment securities in both readily saleable securities and/or securities that can be pledged as collateral for one or a
combination of the Company s credit facilities. The Company invests in U.S. Treasury Notes, U.S. Agency and U.S. Sponsored Agency issued AAA and AA rated investment-grade callable and non-callable bonds, mortgage-backed pass through securities,
asset backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligation CMO securities, investment grade corporate bond securities and investment grade municipal securities. 
 The Company also maintains investable funds with other financial institutions in the form of overnight interest bearing money market
accounts and short term maturity certificates of deposit with insured financial institutions. Throughout both 2014 and 2013, the Company has maintained a significant portion of its overnight liquidity directly with the Federal Reserve Bank. At
December 31, 2014 the Company had 60.1 million on deposit with the Federal Reserve. Securities
owned by the Company may also be pledged in connection with the Company s securities sold under agreements to repurchase program that is offered to the Company s business deposit customers in which a minimum of 102 of the borrowings are
collateralized by the fair market value of the investment securities. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, the carrying value of securities pledged in connection with securities sold under agreements to repurchase was 32.3 million and 12
million, respectively. Securities with a market value of 12.6 million and 11 million were pledged to secure a certificate of deposit of 10 million with the State of California Treasurer s office throughout 2014 and 2013. Securities with a
market value of 42.2 million and 29 million were pledged to secure outstanding standby letters of credit confirmed/issued by a correspondent bank for the benefit of our customers in the amounts of 33.7 million and 22 million at December 31,
2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. Securities with a market value of 1.1 million and 275,000 were pledged to secure local agency deposits at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Securities with a market value of 17.8 million
and 5.2 million were pledged to secure our Federal Reserve credit facility at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Securities with a market value of 23.3 million were pledged in connection with its credit facility with the Federal Home
Loan Bank FHLB at December 31, 2014. The Company had no securities pledged in connection with its credit facility with the FHLB in 2013. Securities with a market value of 18.4 million were pledged in connection with bankruptcy
accounts in December 2014. Securities with a market value of 1.1 million were pledged in connection with interest rate swaps acquired from the 1 st Enterprise merger. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company s investment securities portfolio
consisted of the following, by issuer (dollars in thousands): Securities Portfolio at Fair Value, by Issuer

December 31, 2014 

December 31, 2013 

Small Business Administration SBA 

54,487 

50,905 

U.S. Treasury 

20,025 

Government National Mortgage Association GNMA 

62,108 

27,378 

Corporate Bonds Various Companies 

4,120 

5,211 

Federal National Mortgage Association FNMA 

64,106 

10,233 

Municipals Various State and Political Subdivisions 

48,208 

3,628 

Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB 

1,030 

1,041 

Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation FHLMC 

9,649 

3,923 

Federal Farm Credit Bank FFCB 

1,008 

3,111 

Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC 

708 

1,058 

Sallie Mae SLMA 

8,672 

Total 

274,121 

106,488 

The Corporate Bonds in the above table were issued by two individual companies, and the Municipals
include securities issued by one hundred and thirty separate municipalities. The securities issued by the U.S. Treasury of
 20.0 million, SBA of 54.5 million and GNMA of 62.1 million, are fully guaranteed as to the timely payment of both principal and interest by the United States Government. The security issued by the FDIC of 708,000 is fully guaranteed as to the
payment of principal and interest by the FDIC. As part of the merger with 1 st Enterprise Bank in 2014, the Company acquired 154.4 million of
investment securities which consisted of 208 individual securities. The Company sold a number of these securities shortly after the merger. The securities sold included two corporate bonds with a fair value of 10.2 million, one municipal security
with a fair value of 218,000 and eight mortgage backed securities with a fair value of 4.27 million. No gains or losses associated with the disposition of these securities were recorded. 
 As of December 31, 2014, the Company had unrealized gains of 1.7 million and unrealized losses of 1.4 million on its investment
securities portfolio. The Company regularly evaluates the unrealized losses on its securities as to whether they are temporary or other-than-temporary. At December 31, 2014, the Company determined that there was no
Other-Than-Temporary-Impairment (OTTI) within its investment securities portfolio. The Company regularly assesses its securities portfolio and there can be no assurance that there will not be impairment charges in the future. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Composition of Securities Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity, at Fair Value

Available-for-Sale 
 
 At December 31, 2014 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2014 

2013 

2012 

Amount 

Percent 

Amount 

Percent 

Amount 

Percent 

U.S. Govt Agency and Sponsored Agency Note Securities 

2,038 

.7 

4,152 

3.9 

18,911 

16.0 

U.S. Treasury Note 

20,025 

7.3 

U.S. Govt Agency SBA Securities 

54,487 

19.9 

50,905 

47.8 

42,979 

36.4 

U.S. Govt Agency GNMA Mortgage-Backed Securities 

29,342 

10.7 

27,378 

25.7 

22,960 

19.4 

U.S. Govt Sponsored Agency CMO Mortgage-Backed Securities 

107,228 

39.12 

15,214 

14.3 

13,031 

11.0 

Corporate Securities 

4,120 

1.5 

5,211 

4.9 

10,546 

8.9 

Municipal Securities 

1,050 

.4 

3,628 

3.4 

6,816 

5.8 

Asset Backed Securities 

8,672 

3.2 

Private Issue CMO Securities 

2,910 

2.5 

Held-to- Maturity 

Municipal Securities 

47,159 

17.2 

Total 

274,121 

100.0 

106,488 

100.0 

118,153 

100.0 

The amortized cost, estimated fair value and average yield of debt securities at December 31, 2014,
are reflected in the table below. Maturity categories are determined as follows: 

U.S. Govt. Agency, U.S. Treasury Notes and U.S. Govt. Sponsored Agency bonds and notes maturity date 

U.S. Gov. Sponsored Agency CMO or Mortgage-Backed Securities, U.S. Govt. Agency GNMA Mortgage-Backed Securities, Asset Backed Securities and U.S. Govt.
Agency SBA Securities, estimated cash flow taking into account estimated pre-payment speeds 

Investment grade Corporate Bonds and Municipal securities maturity date 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Although U.S. Government Agency, U.S. Government Sponsored Agency mortgage-backed and CMO
securities have contractual maturities through 2048, the expected maturity will differ from the contractual maturities because borrowers or issuers may have the right to prepay such obligations without penalties. 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Maturing 

Available-for-Sale 
 
 One year or less 

Weighted Average Yield 

After one year thru five years 

Weighted Average Yield 

After five years thru ten years 

Weighted Average Yield 

After ten years 

Weighted Average Yield 

Balance as
of December 31, 2014 

Weighted Average Yield 

to total 

U.S. Government Agency Securities 

1,008 

.39 

1,030 

.80 

2,038 

.60 

.7 

U.S. Government SBA Securities 

5,964 

1.77 

18,901 

1.88 

20,286 

2.18 

9,336 

2.02 

54,487 

2.01 

19.9 

U.S. Government GNMA Mortgage-Backed Securities 

7,669 

1.30 

13,961 

1.52 

5,235 

1.80 

2,477 

2.34 

29,342 

1.58 

10.70 

U.S. Government Agency CMO Mortgage-Backed Securities 

13,826 

1.82 

50,158 

2.03 

28,197 

2.17 

15,047 

2.89 

107,228 

2.19 

39.12 

Corporate Securities 

4,120 

2.18 

4,120 

2.18 

1.5 

Municipal Securities 

1,050 

1.81 

1,050 

1.81 

.4 

U.S. Treasury Note 

20,025 

.51 

20,025 

.51 

7.3 

Asset Backed Securities 

8,672 

.61 

8,672 

.61 

3.2 

Held-to-Maturity 

Municipal Securities 

6,030 

1.57 

23,566 

1.56 

17,563 

1.73 

47,159 

1.62 

17.2 

Total 

34,497 

1.70 

132,811 

1.63 

79,953 

1.88 

26,860 

2.55 

274,121 

1.80 

100 

Lending The following table presents the composition of the loan portfolio at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

Commercial and Industrial Loans: 

528,517 

299,473 

262,637 

185,629 

170,601 

Loans Secured by Real Estate: 

Owner-Occupied Nonresidential Properties 

339,309 

197,605 

181,844 

85,236 

71,162 

Other Nonresidential Properties 

481,517 

271,818 

246,450 

97,730 

87,424 

Construction, land development and other land 

72,223 

47,074 

48,528 

34,380 

25,952 

1-4 Family Residential Properties 

121,985 

65,711 

62,037 

38,674 

43,790 

Multifamily Residential Properties 

52,813 

33,780 

31,610 

25,974 

14,201 

Total Loans Secured by Real Estate 

1,067,847 

615,988 

570,469 

281,994 

242,529 

Other Loans: 

28,359 

17,733 

21,779 

21,637 

8,133 

Total Loans 

1,624,723 

933,194 

854,885 

489,260 

421,263 

70 

Table of Contents 

 The following table is a breakout of the Company s gross loans stratified by the
industry concentration of the borrower by their respective NAICS code at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

December 
31, 2014 

December 
31, 2013 

Amount 

of Total 

Amount 

of Total 

Real Estate 

744,663 

46 

381,830 

41 

Manufacturing 

161,233 

10 

83,319 

9 

Wholesale 

124,336 

8 

60,291 

6 

Construction 

113,763 

7 

62,835 

7 

Finance 

96,074 

6 

46,393 

5 

Hotel/Lodging 

88,269 

5 

76,143 

8 

Professional Services 

64,215 

4 

49,739 

5 

Other Services 

45,781 

3 

21,448 

2 

Healthcare 

43,917 

3 

38,662 

4 

Retail 

35,503 

2 

23,157 

2 

Administrative Services 

28,016 

2 

15,218 

2 

Restaurant/Food Service 

24,525 

2 

35,244 

4 

Transportation 

18,158 

1 

9,531 

1 

Information 

15,457 

1 

11,709 

1 

Education 

10,253 

1 

10,270 

1 

Entertainment 

8,284 

1 

6,207 

1 

Other 

2,276 

0 

1,198 

0 

Total Loans 

1,624,723 

100 

933,194 

100 

The Company has experienced consistent growth in its loan portfolio over the past 9 1 / 2 years since opening in 2005. This loan growth is the result of marketing efforts, principally in our market and adjacent areas, supplemented by strategic acquisitions. In 2014, the Company s loan
portfolio increased by 691.5 million to 1.6 billion at December 31, 2014, an increase of 74 over December 31, 2013. This increase reflects 553.2 million of loans acquired from the 1 st Enterprise merger and net organic loan growth of 197 million. Net
organic loan growth of 197 million was partially offset by 58.8 million in runoff of acquired loans from the three acquired loan portfolios (COSB, PC Bancorp and 1 st Enterprise). This compares with 137 million of net organic loan growth in 2013 primarily from new business
relationships complemented by growth of existing relationships, which was partially offset by 58 million in loan run-off from the two acquired portfolios (PC Bancorp and COSB). Loan growth for the year of 2014 was across all loan types due to the
similarity of loan composition between California United Bank and 1 st Enterprise. The Company s loan customers are primarily based in the
Southern California area with geographical distribution primarily in Los Angeles County, Orange County, Ventura County and San Bernardino County. At least on a quarterly basis, management reviews a report of loan relationships with balances over 3.5 million which constitute 52 and 48 of the Company s total loan portfolio as of
December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. At December 31, 2014, there were 17 loan relationships with balances over 10 million, 33 loan relationships of more than 5 million and less than 10 million and 48 loan relationships of more than
 3.5 million and less than 5 million. Of the 17 largest loan relationships, 9 were related to real estate lending relationships, 3 were related to commercial and industrial lending relationships and 2 relationships were related to financial
services. Compared to December 31, 2013, there were 16 loan relationships with balances over 10 million, 16 loan relationships of more than 5 million and less than 10 million and 32 loan relationships of more than 3.5 million and less than
 5 million. Of the 16 largest loan relationships, 9 were related to real estate lending relationships, 7 were related to commercial and industrial lending relationships and 1 relationship was concentrated in multifamily loans. The growth in the
relationships over 5 million and less than 10 million was 
 71 

Table of Contents 

primarily from existing customers whose business expanded in the year and relationships acquired from 1 st Enterprise. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, the average outstanding loan principal balance was 774,000
compared to 695,000. The Company had 51 commercial banking relationship managers and 9 commercial real estate relationship
managers at December 31, 2014, compared to 35 commercial banking relationship managers and 5 commercial real estate relationship managers at December 31, 2013. The Company s commercial and industrial line of credit utilization was
approximately 47 and 49 as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The Company provides commercial loans,
including working capital and equipment financing, real estate loans, including residential and construction and consumer loans, generally to business principals, entrepreneurs and professionals. The Company currently does not offer residential
mortgages to consumers other than home equity lines of credit. The Company s lending has been originated primarily through direct contact with the borrowers by the Company s relationship managers and/or executive officers. The
Company s credit approval process includes an examination of the collateral, cash flow and debt service coverage of the loan, as well as the financial condition and credit references of the borrower and guarantors, where applicable. The
Company s senior management is actively involved in its lending activities, collateral valuation and review process. The Company obtains independent third party appraisals of real property, securing loans as required by applicable federal law
and regulations. There is also a loan committee comprised of senior management and outside directors that monitors the loan portfolio on at least a quarterly basis. The Company believes that it manages credit risk closely in its loan portfolio and uses a variety of policy and procedure guidelines and analytical tools to achieve its asset quality objectives.
 The Company s real estate construction loans are primarily short-term loans made to finance the construction of
commercial real estate and multifamily residential property. On occasion, we make loans to finance the construction of single family residences to established developers and owner-occupiers. We do not engage in any single family tract development
lending to real estate developers. Our construction lending is to relationships we know, doing projects the builder/developer has experience with, the majority are with recourse and are rarely speculative in nature. 
 Of the 72 million in construction, land development and other land loans, 65 are for construction, 1 are for tenant improvement and
34 are for land development. Our other real estate loans consist primarily of loans made based on the borrower s cash
flow, secured by deeds of trust on commercial and residential property to provide an additional source of repayment in the event of default. Maturities on these loans are generally up to ten years (on an amortization ranging from fifteen to
twenty-five years with a balloon payment due at maturity). The interest rates on these commercial real estate loans are either fixed or floating, with many of the loans that have maturities greater than five years having re-pricing provisions that
adjust the interest rate to market rates at stated times prior to maturity. Owner-occupied nonresidential properties and other nonresidential properties are composed of 17 office buildings, 53 commercial buildings, 12 retail centers and 17 
hotel/resorts/other. Our commercial and industrial loans are made for the purpose of providing working capital, financing for
the purchase of equipment or for other business purposes. Such loans include loans with maturities ranging from sixty days to one year and term loans which are loans with maturities normally ranging from one to five years. 
 Small Business Administration SBA loans are loans originated under the guidelines of the U. S. Small Business Administration
lending programs. SBA-guaranteed loans may not be made to a small business if the borrower has access to other financing on reasonable terms. These loans are made to finance a small business and its need for working capital, accounts receivable
financing, the purchase of equipment and inventory, and or for the purchase of owner-occupied commercial real estate. The Company has a preferred lender status from the SBA to originate SBA loans. The Company acquired its SBA operations with the PC
Bancorp acquisition in 2012. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 For SBA guaranteed loans, a secondary market exists to purchase the guaranteed portion of
these loans with the Company continuing to service the entire loan. The secondary market for guaranteed loans is comprised of investors seeking long term assets with yields that adapt to the prevailing interest rates. These investors are typically
financial institutions, insurance companies, pension funds, and other investors that purchase this product. When a decision to sell the guaranteed portion of an SBA loan is made by the Company, bids are solicited from secondary market investors and
the loan is normally sold to the highest bidder. Other loans include personal loans that are generally made for the purpose
of financing investments, various types of consumer goods and other personal purposes. Also included are loans to non-depository financial institutions. Outstanding unused loan commitments consist primarily of commercial, construction and home equity lines of credit which have not been fully disbursed, as well as some standby letters of credit which
generally support lease or other direct obligations. Based upon our experience, the outstanding unused loan commitments are expected to decrease in line with increases in loan demand, subject to economic conditions. During 2014, the Company s
percentage of commercial unused loan commitments to total commercial loan commitments has increased slightly. The Company had 662 million in outstanding unused loan commitments, and 58 million in outstanding standby and performance letters of
credit, with total off-balance sheet commitments totaling 720 million at December 31, 2014. Comparatively, the Company had 305 million in outstanding unused loan commitments, and 41 million in outstanding standby and performance letters of
credit, with total off-balance sheet commitments totaling 346 million at December 31, 2013. The year over year increase is consistent with the continuous growth of the Company s loan portfolio and customer relationships combined with the
1 st Enterprise merger. 
 We do not have any concentrations in our loan portfolio by industry or group of industries, except for the level of loans that are
secured by real estate as presented in the table above. In addition, we have not made any loans to finance leveraged buyouts or for highly leveraged transactions. The following tables set forth the maturity distribution of the Company s outstanding loans at December 31, 2014 and 2013. In addition, the table shows the distribution of loans with current
predetermined interest rates (loans that are either fixed rate or loans that are either at or below their floor rate) and those with variable (floating) interest rates. The Company currently utilizes the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate, the 5 year
U.S. Treasury Rate, the 5 year FHLB Seattle Rate, the 5 year LIBOR Swap Rate, the 3 Year LIBOR Swap Rate and the One-Month LIBOR to price its variable rate loans. As of December 31, 2014, we had 27 loans with an outstanding total balance of 17
million with remaining maturities greater than twenty years. As of December 31, 2013, we had 89 loans with an outstanding total balance of 45 million with remaining maturities greater than twenty years. 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Maturing 

Within One Year 

One to Five Years 

After Five Years 

Total 

As of December 31, 2014 

Commercial and Industrial 

309,577 

166,462 

52,478 

528,517 

Owner-Occupied Nonresidential Properties 

17,332 

94,313 

227,664 

339,309 

Other Nonresidential Properties 

29,338 

114,761 

337,418 

481,517 

Construction, Land Development and Other Land 

33,378 

33,788 

5,057 

72,223 

1-4 Family Residential Properties 

26,738 

28,769 

66,478 

121,985 

Multifamily Residential Properties 

10,739 

23,231 

18,843 

52,813 

Other 

18,243 

4,935 

5,181 

28,359 

Total 

445,345 

466,259 

713,119 

1,624,723 

Loans with pre-determined interest rates (1) 

181,529 

318,712 

384,089 

884,330 

Loans with floating or adjustable interest rates 

263,816 

147,547 

329,030 

740,393 

Total Loans 

445,345 

466,259 

713,119 

1,624,723 

(1) 
 Includes approximately 453 million of variable rate loans that are either at or below their floor. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Impaired Loans, Non-Accrual Loans. At December 31, 2014, the Company had 20
loans on non-accrual totaling 3.9 million, or 0.24 of total loans. At December 31, 2013, the Company had 29 loans on non-accrual totaling 9.6 million, or 1.02 of total loans. Approximately 67 of the non-accrual loans balance is made up of
15 commercial and industrial loans totaling 2.6 million at December 31, 2014, compared to 39 consisting of 17 commercial and industrial loans totaling 3.7 million at December 31, 2013. The reduction in the non-accrual loans balance from
2013 is due to sales, payoffs and charge-offs. All loans classified as impaired have been placed on non-accrual status. There were no non-performing assets or loans greater than 90 days past due and accruing interest as of December 31, 2014 and
2013. The following is a summary of our asset quality data and key ratios at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands):

December 31, 2014 

December 31, 2013 

Loans originated by the Bank on non-accrual 

2,131 

1,657 

Loans acquired through acquisition that are on non-accrual 

1,778 

7,899 

Total non-accrual loans 

3,909 

9,556 

Other Real Estate Owned 

850 

Total non-performing assets 

4,759 

9,556 

Net charge-offs year to date 

232 

1,052 

Non-accrual loans to total loans 

0.24 

1.02 

Total non-performing assets to total assets 

0.21 

0.68 

Allowance for loan losses to total loans 

0.78 

1.14 

Allowance for loan losses to total loans accounted at historical cost, which excludes purchased loans acquired by
acquisition 

1.39 

1.50 

Net year to date charge-offs to average year to date loans 

0.02 

0.12 

Allowance for loan losses to non-accrual loans accounted at historical cost, which excludes non-accrual purchased loans acquired
by acquisition and related allowance 

591.7 

639.8 

Allowance for loan losses to total non-accrual loans 

322.6 

111.0 
 
 The risk that borrowers will fail, or will be unable to repay their loans, is an inherent part of the
banking business. The Company has established guidelines and practices to specifically identify loans that may become past due in the future, either as to interest or principal, for more than 90 days. Such loans are given special attention by our
credit officers and additional efforts are made to get the borrowers to bring their loans current or to provide additional collateral to reduce the risk of potential losses on these loans. In addition, the Company may in the future renegotiate the
payment terms of loans to permit the borrower to defer interest or principal payments in those instances where it appears that the borrower may be encountering temporary or short-term financial difficulties and we believe that the future deferral
would reduce the likelihood of an eventual loss on the loan. When we have reason to believe that continued payment of interest and principal on any loan is unlikely, the loan is placed on a non-accrual status (that is, accrual of interest on the
loan is discontinued and any previously accrued but unpaid interest on the loan is reversed and, therefore, the loan ceases to be an earning asset for the Company). The Company has established practices and guidelines to increase its efforts to
recover all amounts due us that become delinquent in the future, which may include the initiation of foreclosure proceedings against the collateral securing the loan. The Company will consider any loan to be impaired when, based upon current information and events, it is probable that interest and principal will not be collected according to the contractual terms of
the original loan agreement. In determining impairment, we evaluate, both performing and non-performing loans, which exhibit, 
 74 

Table of Contents 

among other characteristics, high loan-to-value ratios, low debt-coverage ratios, delinquent loan payments or other indications that the borrowers are experiencing increased financial
difficulties. In general, payment delays of less than 90 days or payment shortfalls of less than 1 are deemed insignificant and, for that reason, would not necessarily result in the classification of such loans as impaired. The Company generally
considers all non-accrual and troubled debt restructured loans to be impaired. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, all classified loans within the loan portfolio were evaluated for possible impairment, of which 7 loans for a total of 2.7 million
were considered to be impaired at December 31, 2014 and 12 loans for a total of 6.3 million were considered to be impaired at December 31, 2013. All loans that become identified as impaired are generally placed on a non-accrual status and are evaluated at that time and regularly thereafter to determine whether the carrying value of the loan should
be written off or reserved for or partially written-down to its recoverable value (net realizable value), or whether the terms of the loan, including the collateral required to secure the loan, should be renegotiated with the borrower. Impaired
loans will be charged-off or partially charged-off when the possibility of collecting the full balance of the loan becomes remote. Information regarding the Company s allowance for loan loss is set forth below in this section of this report
under the caption, Allowance for Loan Loss. In addition, the Company has loans classified as substandard of 30.4
million and 27.0 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. This balance includes impaired loans of 2.4 million and purchased credit impaired loans of 1.3 million at December 31, 2014, compared to impaired loans of 6.3
million and purchased credit impaired loans of 4.3 million at December 31, 2013. These potential problem loans are loans that have a well-defined weakness based on objective evidence. For these potential problem loans, there is a possibility
that the Company could incur some loss if the weakness is not properly corrected. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, management expects full repayment of principal and interest on all loans that are on accrual status. 
 Allowance for Loan Loss We maintain an allowance for loan loss Allowance to provide for probable charge-offs in the loan portfolio. Additions to the Allowance are made by charges to operating expense in the form of
a provision for loan losses. All loans that are judged to be uncollectible are charged-off against the Allowance while any recoveries are credited to the Allowance. The Allowance is an amount that management believes is adequate to absorb estimated charge-offs related to specifically identified loans, as well as probable loan charge-offs inherent in the balance of
the loan portfolio, based on an evaluation of the collectability of existing loans and prior charge-off experience. The
Allowance consists of specific and general components. The specific component relates to loans that are identified as impaired. For such loans that are categorized as impaired, a specific reserve is established when the fair value, as established by
the discounted cash flows on the loan or (collateral value if a collateral dependent loan, or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The general component covers non-impaired loans and is based
on the historical charge-off experience in various loan segments adjusted for qualitative factors. A loan is identified as
impaired when it is probable that interest and principal will not be collected according to the contractual terms of the original loan agreement. Generally these loans are rated substandard or worse. Most impaired loans are classified as nonaccrual.
However, there are some loans that are termed impaired due to doubt regarding collectability according to contractual terms, but are both fully secured by collateral and are current in their interest and principal payments. Impaired loans are
measured for reserve requirements based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, or at the loan s observable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is
collateral dependent. The amount of an impairment reserve, if any and any subsequent increase in impairment is charged against the Allowance. Factors 
 75 

Table of Contents 

that contribute to a performing loan being classified as impaired include payment status, collateral value, probability of collecting scheduled payments, delinquent taxes and debts to other
lenders that cannot be serviced out of existing cash flow. A loan is classified as a troubled debt restructuring when a
borrower is experiencing financial difficulties that leads to a restructuring of the loan, and the Company grants concessions to the borrower in the restructuring that it would not otherwise consider for new debt of similar risk. The loan terms
which have been modified or restructured due to a borrower s financial difficulty may include a reduction in the stated interest rate, an extension of the maturity at an interest rate below current market interest rates, a reduction in the face
amount of the debt (principal forgiveness), a reduction in the accrued interest or payment amount, or re-aging, extensions, deferrals, renewals, rewrites and other actions intended to minimize potential losses. 
 The restructured loans may be categorized as special mention or substandard depending on the severity of the
modification. Loans that were paid current at the time of modification may be upgraded in their classification after a sustained period of repayment performance, usually six months or longer. 
 Loans that are past due at the time of modification are categorized as substandard and placed on non-accrual status. Once
there is a sustained period of repayment performance (usually six months or longer) and there is a reasonable assurance that the repayment of principal and interest will continue based on a current credit evaluation, those loans may be upgraded in
their classification and placed on accrual status. We have instituted loan policies designed to adequately evaluate and
analyze the risk factors associated with our loan portfolio and to enable us to analyze such risk factors prior to granting new loans and to assess the sufficiency of the Allowance. We conduct a critical evaluation of the loan portfolio quarterly
and have an external review of the loan portfolio conducted once to twice a year. The Allowance is based on the historical loan loss experience of the portfolio loan segments, however the Bank utilizes Uniform Bank Peer Group UBPR historical loss data to evaluate potential loss exposure for those loan segments where the Company had no historical loss experience. The Allowance also includes an assessment of the following qualitative factors: the results of any internal and
external loan reviews and any regulatory examination, loan charge-off experience, estimated potential charge-off exposure on each classified loan, credit concentrations, changes in the value of collateral for collateral dependent loans, and any
known impairment in the borrower s ability to repay. The Company also evaluates environmental and other factors such as underwriting standards, staff experience, the nature and volume of loans and loan terms, business conditions, political and
regulatory conditions, local and national economic trends. The quantitative portion of the Allowance is adjusted for qualitative factors to account for model imprecision and to incorporate the range of probable outcomes inherent in the estimates
used for the Allowance. Each quarter the Company reviews the Allowance and makes additional provisions
to the Allowance as needed based on a review of the factors discussed above. At December 31, 2014, the allowance for loan loss was 12.6 million, or 0.78 of total loans. This compares with the Allowance at December 31, 2013 of 10.6
million, or 1.14 of outstanding loans. The significant decrease in the allowance ratio is due to the addition of the
1 st Enterprise loan portfolio acquired in 2014, which was
recorded at fair value at acquisition date with no carryover allowance. Excluding the acquired loans, the Company s
Allowance as a percentage of loans accounted for at historical cost was 1.39 and 1.50 at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Maintaining the Allowance at this level reflects a number of factors including the modest improvement and
stabilization of the U.S. economy during 2014. Our Allowance as a percentage of loans (accounted for at historical cost) outstanding has declined during 2014 and 2013 as a result of improving qualitative factors related to the current economy.
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s management considered the following factors in evaluating the Allowance
at December 31, 2014 and 2013: 

During the year ended December 31, 2014 there were charge-offs of 692,000 and recoveries of 460,000, compared to the year ended
December 31, 2013, there were charge-offs of 1.9 million and recoveries of 860,000. 

There were 20 non-accrual loans totaling 3.9 million at December 31, 2014, compared to 29 non-accrual loans totaling 9.6 million at
December 31, 2013 

The overall growth and composition of the loan portfolio 

Changes to the overall economic conditions within the markets in which that Company makes loans 

Concentrations within the loan portfolio, as well as risk conditions within its commercial and industrial loan portfolio 

The remaining fair value adjustments on loans acquired through acquisition with special attention to the fair value adjustments associated with the
purchased credit impaired loans Management has considered various material elements of potential risk
within the loan portfolio, including classified credits, pools of loans with similar characteristics, economic factors, trends in the loan portfolio and modification and changes in the Company s lending policies, procedures and underwriting
criteria. In addition, management recognized the potential for unforeseen events to occur when evaluating the qualitative factors in all categories of its analysis. The Company analyzes historical net charge-offs in various loan portfolio segments when evaluating the reserves. For loan segments without previous loss experience, the analysis is adjusted to reflect
regulatory peer group loss experience in those loan segments. The loss analysis is then adjusted for qualitative factors that may have an impact on loss experience in the particular loan segments. 
 The Allowance and the reserve for unfunded loan commitments are significant estimates that can and do change based on management s
process in analyzing the loan portfolio and on management s assumptions about specific borrowers and applicable economic and environmental conditions, among other factors. In considering all of the above factors, management believes that the
Allowance at December 31, 2014 is adequate. Although the Company maintains its Allowance at a level which it considers adequate to provide for probable charge-offs, there can be no assurance that such charge-offs will not exceed the estimated
amounts, thereby adversely affecting future results of operations. Loans acquired through acquisition are recorded at fair
value at acquisition date without a carryover of the related Allowance. Loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality are loans that have evidence of credit deterioration since origination and it is probable at the date of acquisition that
the Company will not collect principal and interest payments according to contractual terms. These loans are accounted for under ASC Subtopic 310-30 Receivables Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality. 
Evidence of credit quality deterioration as of the purchase date may include factors such as past due and non-accrual status. The difference between contractually required payments at acquisition and the cash flows expected to be collected at
acquisition is referred to as the credit loss or non accretable yield. Further, any excess of cash flows expected at acquisition over the estimated fair value is referred to as the accretable yield and is recognized into interest income over
the remaining life of the loan when there is a reasonable expectation about the amount and timing of such cash flows. Subsequent decreases to the expected cash flows will generally result in a provision for loan losses. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 The following is a summary of activity in the allowance for loan loss and certain pertinent
ratios for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

Allowance for loan loss at beginning of year 

10,603 

8,803 

7,495 

5,860 

4,753 

Provision for loan losses 

2,239 

2,852 

1,768 

1,442 

2,524 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries: 

Loans charged-off: 

Commercial and Industrial 

(619) 

(1,704) 

(444) 

(482) 

Construction, Land Development and Other Land 

(100) 

(1,436) 
 
 Commercial and Other Real Estate 

(73) 

(200) 

(233) 

Consumer and Other 

(8) 

(10) 

(11) 

Total loans charged-off 

(692) 

(1,912) 

(687) 

(593) 

(1,436) 

Recoveries: 

Commercial and Industrial 

354 

70 

76 

786 

1 

Construction, Land Development and Other Land 

763 

Commercial and Other Real Estate 

106 

12 

139 

Other 

15 

12 

Total recoveries 

460 

860 

227 

786 

1 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries 

(232) 

(1,052) 

(460) 

193 

(1,435) 

Allowance for loan loss at end of year 

12,610 

10,603 

8,803 

7,495 

5,860 

As is set forth in the following table, the Allowance is allocated among the different loan categories
because there are differing levels of risk associated with each loan category. However, the allowance for loan loss allocated to specific loan categories are not the total amounts available for future charge-offs that might occur within such
categories because the total allowance for loan loss is applicable to the entire portfolio. 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

Allowance for Loan Loss 

of Loans to Total Loans 

Allowance for Loan Loss 

of Loans to Total Loans 

Allowance for Loan Loss 

of Loans to Total Loans 

Allowance for Loan Loss 

of Loans to Total Loans 

Allowance for Loan Loss 

of Loans to Total Loans 

Commercial and Industrial 

5,864 

32.5 

5,534 

32.1 

4,572 

30.7 

3,541 

37.9 

2,301 

40.5 

Construction, Land Development and Other Land 

1,684 

4.5 

1,120 

5.0 

2,035 

5.7 

752 

7.0 

329 

6.2 

Commercial and Other Real Estate 

4,802 

61.3 

3,886 

61.0 

2,084 

61.1 

2,911 

50.7 

3,107 

51.4 

Consumer and Other 

260 

1.7 

63 

1.9 

112 

2.5 

291 

4.4 

123 

1.9 

Total 

12,610 

100 

10,603 

100 

8,803 

100 

7,495 

100 

5,860 

100 

Deposits 
 Deposits are the Company s long term primary source of core liquidity. Total deposits were 1.9 billion at
December 31, 2014, an increase of 715 million or 58 from December 31, 2013. The increase in deposits in 2014 was primarily a result of the 704 million of deposits acquired from the 1 st Enterprise merger. Transaction accounts have been defined as
non-interest bearing and interest bearing demand deposit accounts. The Company s core deposits have been defined as non-interest bearing demand deposits, interest-bearing transaction 
 78 

Table of Contents 

accounts, money market, and savings accounts. However, a majority of the Company s certificates of deposit are from its core deposit customer base. Due to the nature of the Company s
deposit base with its orientation to business customers, the period end deposit balances may vary compared to the related average deposit balances. At December 31, 2014 the Company had 84 customers with balances that exceeded 4 million
(aggregating all related accounts, including multiple business entities and personal funds of business principals), which aggregated to approximately 859 million or 44 , of the Company s total customer deposit base at December 31, 2014.
These deposits are not concentrated in any one of the ten branches, and are not exclusively associated with any of the Company s 60 relationship managers. While the loss of any combination of these depositors could have a material impact on the
condition of the Company, we believe that the Company has the capability to mitigate this risk through additional liquidity sources and business generation. The following table summarizes the distribution of total deposits by branch as of December 31, 2014 (dollars in thousands): 

December 31, 2014 

Los Angeles 

324,757 

Encino 

253,455 

West Los Angeles 

278,629 

Santa Clarita 

89,025 

Conejo Valley 

221,389 

South Bay 

70,876 

Simi Valley 

13,066 

Anaheim 

188,025 

Irvine 

427,144 

Inland Empire 

81,327 

Total 

1,947,693 

The Company experienced growth in all deposit categories during 2014 mainly due to
the similarity of the deposits base acquired from 1 st 
Enterprise. Non-interest bearing demand deposits increased by 400 million or 63.3 to 1.0 billion and represented 53.0 of total deposits at December 31, 2014, up from 51.3 at December 31, 2013. Average non-interest bearing demand
deposits as a percentage of the Company s average outstanding deposits were 54 and 51 for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, respectively. The Company s interest bearing transaction accounts increased by 51 million, or 33 to 207 million as of December 31, 2014 compared to the prior year-end. The overall rate paid by the Company
on its interest bearing transaction accounts averaged 0.18 in both 2014 and 2013. The Company s money market and
savings deposits increased by 263 million or 69 , to 644 million as of December 31, 2014 compared to the prior year-end. The overall rate paid by the Company on its money market and savings deposits averaged 0.25 in 2014 compared to 0.28 in
2013. The Company s certificates of deposit increased slightly by 1 million, or 2 to 65 million
as of December 31, 2014 compared to the prior year-end. At December 31, 2014, 63 million of total time deposits mature within one year. The increase is the net result of 10 million acquired from 1 st Enterprise during 2014, offset by maturity and non-renewal of
certificate of deposits acquired as part of the PC Bancorp merger. The overall rate paid by the Company on its certificates of deposit averaged 0.35 in 2014 compared to 0.39 in 2013. Over the past several years, the Company has effectively lowered
the rate paid on its maturing certificate of deposits. The Company s growth in core deposits during the last several years provided the liquidity to absorb the runoff of higher cost certificates of deposit. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s business is not seasonal in nature and is not
dependent upon funds from sources outside the United States. It is the Company s strategy to rely on deposits from its customers rather than utilizing brokered deposits. Certain types of customers (such as fiduciaries and trustees) may require
FDIC insurance coverage greater than what can be offered by one bank under applicable law. In these cases, the Company offers two programs, CDARS (Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service) that places certificates of deposit with participating institutions on a reciprocal basis, which means that the
Company receives deposits in amounts and at rates equivalent to those its customers place with CDARS 
participating banks. The second program Insured Cash Sweep ICS deposit program provides for the placement of reciprocal non-interest bearing demand deposits with
participating institutions. These reciprocal deposits under both programs, while classified on reports to federal regulatory agencies as brokered deposits differ substantially from traditional brokered deposits because they are
equivalent to deposits placed by the Company s customers. These reciprocal transactions are facilitated by Promontory Interfinancial Network, LLC. CDARS and ICS reciprocal deposits
are not considered brokered deposits for calculation of FDIC insurance premiums. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, these
CDARS and ICS reciprocal deposits were the only brokered funds held by the Company. The Company has continued to use these programs for customers that must have full FDIC coverage
on their deposit balances. CDARS certificates of deposit balances remained at 29 million at December 31,
2013 and 2014. During 2013, the Company had one customer that had been maintaining a balance of 14 million in the Company s repo program, transfer their full balance into the CDARS program. The Company began offering the ICS program during 2013, and has a balance of 12.4 million at December 31, 2014. The Company does not engage in
any advertising of its certificates of deposit products. The following table summarizes the distribution of the average
deposit balances and the average rates paid on deposits during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 (dollars in thousands): 

Analysis of Average Deposits 

Years Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Amount 

Rate 

Amount 

Rate 

Amount 

Rate 

Non-interest bearing demand deposits 

704,437 

587,637 

477,792 

Interest-bearing transaction deposits 

153,327 

0.18 

130,247 

0.18 

87,923 

0.21 

Money market and savings deposits 

390,185 

0.25 

361,486 

0.28 

278,635 

0.33 

Time deposits 

61,048 

0.35 

65,943 

0.39 

64,964 

0.41 

Total Deposits 

1,308,997 

0.11 

1,145,313 

0.13 

909,314 

0.15 

Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase 
 The Company has developed an overnight sweep program in order to accommodate several of our sophisticated business customers, many of whom
act as fiduciaries, and thus require additional security in excess of FDIC insurance limits. Under this overnight sweep program, excess funds over a specified amount in the customers demand deposit account are automatically swept into securities
sold under agreements to repurchase, repos ). For these business customers, the Company enters into certain transactions, the legal forms of which are sales of securities under agreements to repurchase at a later date at a set price.
Repos are classified as secured borrowings and generally mature the next business day overnight repos but may extend the maturity up to 180 days term repos from the issue date. The Company s repos at
December 31, 2014 and 2013 have been concentrated in the overnight repo program. Under the overnight repo program, the Company s business deposit customer s have their excess deposit balances over an established limit automatically
swept into this product on an overnight basis. The following business day, the repos mature and the matured fund balances are re-deposited back into the customer s demand deposit account. At December 31, 2014, the Company had 9.4 million
in the overnight repo program (repos maturing on January 2, 2014). The repo balances decreased by 1.7 million, or 15 , to 9.4 million at December 31, 2014, from the 11.1 million at December 31, 2013. The Company pledges certain
investment securities as collateral for the Repo program. Securities with a fair market value of 32.3 
 80 

Table of Contents 

million and 11.8 million were pledged to secure the repos at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The Company considers the funds maintained under the overnight repo program to be a
stable and reliable source of funding for the Company. The Company does not advertise this product and generally limits it to businesses and other sophisticated customers. Details regarding the Company s repos are reflected in the table below (dollars in thousands): 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Balances at Year- end 

Average Balance 

Weighted Average Rate 

Balances at Year- end 

Average Balance 

Weighted Average Rate 

Balances at Year- end 

Average Balance 

Weighted Average Rate 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

9,411 

13,579 

0.19 

11,141 

24,376 

0.30 

22,857 

26,027 

0.29 
 
 The maximum amount of outstanding repos at any month-end was 15.7 million, 30.0 million and 32.5
million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Capital Resources 
 The Company (on a consolidated basis) and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal and
state banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s financial statements.
Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital requirements that involve quantitative measures of the Company s assets, liabilities, and certain
off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Company s capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors.
 The Company currently includes in Tier 1 capital an amount of subordinated debentures equal to no more than 25 of the sum of
all core capital elements, which is generally defined as shareholders equity less goodwill, core deposit intangibles and a portion of the SBA servicing assets. On July 2, 2013, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Federal Reserve approved a final rule (the Final Rule that revises the current capital rules for U.S. banking organizations including the capital rules for the Company. The FDIC adopted the rule as an interim final
rule on July 9, 2013. The Final Rule implements the regulatory capital reforms recommended by the Basel Committee. The Final Rule permanently grandfathers non-qualifying capital instruments (such as trust preferred securities and
cumulative perpetual preferred stock) issued before May 19, 2010 for inclusion in the Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital of banking organizations with total consolidated assets less than 15 billion as of December 31, 2009, such as the Company. As
a result the Company s trust preferred securities will continue to be included in Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital. The Company also currently includes in its Tier 1 capital an amount of Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A issued under
the SBLF program. The U.S. Department of the Treasury is the sole holder of all outstanding shares of CU Bancorp Preferred Stock. Under the Final Rule, the CU Bancorp Preferred Stock will continue to be included in Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital.
 As of December 31, 2014, the Company and the Bank are categorized as well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for
Prompt Corrective Action. To be categorized as well-capitalized the Company and Bank must maintain minimum Total risk-based capital, Tier 1 risk-based capital and Tier 1 leverage ratios, as set forth in the following table. 
 Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Company and the Bank to maintain minimum amounts
(as set forth in the table below) of Total capital and Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) and ratios of Total capital and Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets (as defined) and to average assets (as defined). 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables present the Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio, Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital
Ratio and the Tier 1 Leverage Ratio of the Consolidated Company in addition to the Bank as of December 31, 2014, and December 31, 2013, and compare the actual ratios to the capital requirements imposed by government regulations. All
amounts reflected in the table below are stated in thousands, except percentages: CU Bancorp Consolidated: 

Actual 

For Capital Adequacy Purposes 

To Be Well- Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Provisions 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

As of December 31, 2014 

Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

231,228 

11.61 

159,363 

8.0 

199,204 

10.0 

Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

218,147 

10.95 

79,682 

4.0 

119,523 

6.0 

Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 

218,147 

12.92 

67,564 

4.0 

84,455 

5.0 

As of December 31, 2013 

Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

145,372 

12.80 

90,844 

8.0 

113,555 

10.0 

Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

134,440 

11.84 

45,422 

4.0 

68,133 

6.0 

Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 

134,440 

9.57 

56,172 

4.0 

70,215 

5.0 
 
 California United Bank: 

Actual 

For Capital Adequacy Purposes 

To Be Well- Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Provisions 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

As of December 31, 2014 

Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

223,112 

11.20 

159,300 

8.0 

199,125 

10.0 

Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

210,031 

10.55 

79,650 

4.0 

119,475 

6.0 

Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 

210,031 

12.44 

67,532 

4.0 

84,415 

5.0 

As of December 31, 2013 

Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

135,682 

11.96 

90,772 

8.0 

113,465 

10.0 

Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

124,750 

10.99 

45,386 

4.0 

68,079 

6.0 

Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 

124,750 

8.90 

56,082 

4.0 

70,102 

5.0 

82 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity The following table provides a summary of the Bank s primary and secondary liquidity levels at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

December 31, 2014 

December 31, 2013 

Amount 

Amount 

Primary Liquidity On Balance Sheet: 

Cash and due from banks 

33,996 

23,156 

Interest-earning deposits in other financial institutions 

98,590 

218,131 

Investment securities available-for-sale 

226,962 

106,488 

Less: pledged cash and due from banks 

(1,500) 

(1,500) 
 
 Less: pledged investment securities 

(148,805) 

(92,800) 

Total primary liquidity 

209,243 

253,475 

Ratio of primary liquidity to total deposits 

10.7 

21.5 

Additional Liquidity Not Included In Primary Liquidity : 

Certificates of deposit in other financial institutions 

76,433 

60,307 

Less: Certificate of deposits pledged 

(2,731) 

(4,341) 

Total additional liquidity 

73,702 

55,966 

Secondary Liquidity Off-Balance Sheet: 

Available Borrowing Capacity: 

Total secured borrowing capacity with FHLB 

484,669 

292,000 

Fed Funds borrowing lines 

71,000 

54,500 

Secured credit line with the FRBSF 

17,528 

5,245 

Total secondary liquidity 

446,215 

351,745 

As of December 31, 2014, the Company s primary overnight source of liquidity consisted of the
balances reflected in the table above. The Company s primary liquidity consisted of cash and due from banks and interest-earning deposits in other financial institutions. The amount of funds maintained directly with the Federal Reserve included
in interest-earning deposits in other financial institutions was 60.1 million and 197.7 million, at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. The next source of liquidity is the Company s collateralized borrowings and
unsecured borrowing facilities. In addition, the Company has 76.4 million of certificates of deposits in other financial institutions where the weighted average maturity is approximately 5.9 months that could be utilized over time to supplement the
liquidity needs of the Company. The Company s primary long term source of funding has come from the liability side of
the balance sheet and has historically been through the growth in non-interest bearing and interest bearing core deposits from its customers. Additional sources of funds from the Company s asset side of the balance sheet have included Federal
Funds sold, interest-earning deposits with other financial institutions, balances maintained with the Federal Reserve Bank, certificates of deposit in other financial institutions and payments of principal and interest on loans and investment
securities. While maturities and scheduled principal amortization on loans are a reasonably predictable source of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by the level of interest rates, economic conditions and competition.
 As an additional source of liquidity, the Company maintains credit facilities, Fed Funds Borrowing Lines, of 71
million and 54.5 million at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively, with its primary correspondent banks for the purchase of overnight Federal funds. The lines are subject to availability of funds and have restrictions as
to the number of days and length used during a month. At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2014, 5 million of these credit facilities required the pledging of investment securities collateral. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 The Company has established a secured credit facility with the FHLB of San Francisco which
allows the Bank to borrow up to 25 of the Bank s total assets, which equates to a credit line of approximately 362.7 million at December 31, 2014. The Company currently has no outstanding borrowings with the FHLB. As of December 31,
2014, the Company had 952.1 million of loan collateral pledged with the FHLB. This level of loan collateral would provide the Company with 462.9 million in borrowing capacity. Any amount of borrowings in excess of the 462.9 million would require
the Company to pledge additional collateral. In addition, the Company must maintain a certain investment level in the common stock of the FHLB. The Company s investment in the common stock of the FHLB is 8 million at December 31, 2014.
This level of capital would allow the Company to borrow up to 170.5 million. Any advances from the FHLB in excess of the 170.5 million would require additional purchases of FHLB common stock. The Company had 23.3 million pledged with the FHLB at
December 31, 2014. The Company maintains a secured credit facility with the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco FRBSF which is collateralized by investment securities pledged with the FRB. At December 31, 2014, the Company s available borrowing capacity was 17.5 million. 
 The Company maintains investments in certificates of deposit with other financial institutions, with various balances maturing monthly.
The Company had balances of 76.4 million and 60.3 million at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. At December 31, 2014, 2.7 million of the Company s certificates of deposit with other financial institutions
were pledged as collateral as credit support for the interest rate swap contracts and are not available as a source of liquidity. At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, 1.5 million of the Company s due from bank balances was pledged as collateral as credit support for the interest rate swap contracts and is not
available as a source of liquidity. The Company s commitments to extend credit (off-balance sheet liquidity risk) are
agreements to lend funds to customers as long as there are no violations as established in the loan agreement. Many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, and as such, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily
represent future cash requirements. Financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk for the Company include both undisbursed loan commitments, as well as undisbursed letters of credit. The Company s exposure to extend credit was 720 million
and 346 million at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. Holding Company Liquidity
 The primary sources of liquidity for CU Bancorp the holding company ), on a stand-alone basis, include the
ability to raise capital through the issuance of capital stock, issue subordinated debt, secure outside borrowings and receive dividend payments from the Bank. The payment of dividends from the Bank to the holding company is the primary source of
liquidity. The ability of the holding company to obtain funds for the payment of dividends to our stockholders and for the payment of holding company expenses is largely dependent upon the Bank s earnings and retained earnings. The Bank is
subject to restrictions under certain federal and state laws and regulations which limit its ability to transfer funds to the holding company through cash dividends, intercompany loans and or advances. 
 Dividends paid by state banks, such as California United Bank, are regulated by the California Department of Business Oversight
 DBO under its general supervisory authority, as it relates to a bank s capital requirements. A state bank may declare a dividend without the approval of the DBO as long as the total dividends declared in a calendar year do not
exceed either the retained earnings or the total of net profits for three previous fiscal years less any dividends paid during such period. The Bank has never paid a dividend to the holding company. 
 CU Bancorp s liquidity on a stand-alone basis was 4.6 million and 4.3 million, in cash on deposit at the Bank, at
December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. Management believes this amount of cash is currently sufficient to fund the holding company s cash flow needs over at least the next twelve to twenty-four months. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Aggregate Contractual Obligations 
 The following table summarizes the aggregate contractual obligations as of December 31, 2014 (amounts in thousands): 

Maturity/Obligation by Period 

Total 

Less than One Year 

One Year to Three Years 

Four Years to Five Years 

After Five Years 

Deposits 

1,947,693 

1,945,744 

1,949 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

9,411 

9,411 

Subordinated debentures 

12,372 

12,372 

Operating leases 

19,435 

3,186 

6,015 

4,168 

6,066 

Total 

1,980,459 

1,957,378 

5,983 

2,045 

15,053 

For deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and subordinated debentures, the dollar
balances reflected in the table above are categorized by the maturity date of the obligation. Deposits represent both
non-interest bearing and interest bearing deposits. Non-interest bearing demand deposits include demand deposit accounts which represent 53 of the total deposit balances at December 31, 2014. Interest bearing deposits include interest bearing
transaction accounts, money market and savings deposits and certificates of deposit. Securities sold under agreements to
repurchase Repos represent sales of securities under agreements to repurchase at a later date at a set price. While Repos have fixed maturity dates, the majority of the Company s repos mature on an overnight next business
day basis. Subordinated debentures represent notes issued to capital trusts which were formed solely for the purpose of
issuing trust preferred securities. These subordinated debentures were acquired as a part of the merger with PC Bancorp. The aggregate amount indicated above represents the full amount of the contractual obligation and does not include a purchase
accounting fair value discount of 3.0 million. All of these securities are variable rate instruments. Each series has a maturity of 30 years from their approximate date of issue. All of these securities are currently callable at par with no
prepayment penalties. For operating leases, the dollar balances reflected in the table above are categorized by the due date
of the lease payments. Operating leases represent the total minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases. 
 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Market risk arises primarily from
credit risk, operational risk and interest rate risk inherent in our lending, investments, borrowings, and deposit taking activities. Risk management is an important part of the Company s operations and a key element of its overall financial
results. The FDIC, in recent years, has emphasized appropriate risk management, prompting banks to have adequate systems to identify, monitor and manage risks. The Company s Board of Directors and committees meet on a regular basis to oversee
operations. The Company s business activities are monitored and various strategies to manage risk exposure are applied. The Board of Directors has adopted various policies and has empowered the committees with oversight responsibility
concerning different aspects of our operations. The Company s Audit and Risk Committee is responsible for overseeing internal auditing functions and for interfacing with independent outside auditors as well as compliance and related risk. The
Company s Loan Committee reviews large loans made by management, concentrations, portfolio and trend reports, minutes of management s problem loan and OREO committee meetings and reviews with Audit and Risk Committee the external loan
review reports on behalf of the Board of 
 85 

Table of Contents 

Directors. The Company s Management Asset/Liability Risk Committee establishes the Investment Policy, Liquidity Policy and the Asset/Liability Policy, reviews investments purchased, and
monitors the investment portfolio, interest rate risk, and liquidity management. All committees regularly report to the Board of Directors. Credit risk Credit risk is defined as the risk to earnings or
capital arising from an obligor s failure to meet the terms of any contract or otherwise fail to perform as agreed. Credit risk is found in all activities where success depends on a counter party, issuer or borrower performance. Credit risk
arises through the extension of loans, deposits in other financial institutions, certain securities, other assets and letters of credit. Credit risk in the investment portfolio and correspondent bank accounts is addressed through defined limits in the Company s policies. Policy limitations on industry concentrations and house lending
limits on aggregate customer borrowings, as well as underwriting standards to ensure loan quality are designed to reduce loan credit risk. Senior Management, Directors Loan Committees and the Board of Directors are provided with information to
appropriately identify, measure, control and monitor the credit risk of the Company. Credit risk in the investment securities
area is addressed by the Company through a review of the Company s securities by management on a quarterly basis. Credit risk within the securities portfolio is the risk that the Company will not be able to recover all of the principal value on
its investment securities. This credit review process starts with the Company evaluating the securities portfolio to determine if there has been an other-than-temporary impairment on each of the individual securities in the investment securities
portfolio. To determine if an other-than-temporary impairment exists on a debt security, the Company first determines if (a) it intends to sell the security or (b) it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security
before its anticipated recovery. If either of the conditions is met, the Company will recognize an other-than-temporary impairment in earnings equal to the difference between the security s fair value and its adjusted cost basis. If neither of
the conditions is met, the Company determines (a) the amount of the impairment related to credit loss and (b) the amount of the impairment due to all other factors. The difference between the present value of the cash flows expected to be
collected and the amortized cost basis is the credit loss. The credit loss is the portion of the other-than-temporary impairments that is recognized in earnings and is a reduction to the cost basis of the security. The portion of total impairment
related to all other factors is included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Significant judgment of management is required in this analysis that includes, but is not limited to assumptions regarding the collectability of principal and
interest, future default rates, future prepayment speeds, the amount of current delinquencies that will result in defaults and the amount of eventual recoveries expected on these defaulted loans through the foreclosure process 
 Implicit in lending activities is the risk that losses will occur and that the amount of such losses will vary over time. Consequently,
we maintain an allowance for loan loss Allowance by charging a provision for loan losses to earnings. Loans determined to be losses are charged against the Allowance. Our Allowance is maintained at a level considered by us to be
adequate to provide for estimated probable losses inherent in the existing portfolio. The Allowance is based upon estimates
of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The nature of the process by which we determine the appropriate Allowance requires the exercise of considerable judgment. The amount of losses (actual charge-offs) realized with respect to the
Company s loan portfolio can vary significantly from the estimated amounts. We employ a systematic methodology that is intended to reduce the differences between estimated and actual losses. 
 The Company s methodology for assessing the appropriateness of the Allowance is conducted on a quarterly basis and considers all
loans. The systematic methodology consists of two major elements. The first major element includes a detailed analysis of the
loan portfolio in two phases. Individual loans are reviewed to identify loans for impairment. A loan is impaired when principal and interest are deemed uncollectible in accordance with the original contractual terms of the loan. Impairment is
measured as either the 
 86 

Table of Contents 

expected future cash flows discounted at each loan s effective interest rate, the fair value of the loan s collateral if the loan is collateral dependent or an observable market price
of the loan (if one exists). Upon measuring the impairment, we will ensure an appropriate level of Allowance is present or established. Central to the first phase of our credit risk management is our loan risk rating system. The originating relationship officer assigns borrowers an initial risk rating, which is reviewed and confirmed or
possibly changed by Credit Management, which is based primarily on a thorough analysis of each borrower s financial capacity and the loan underwriting structure, in conjunction with industry and economic trends. Approvals are granted based upon
the amount of acceptable inherent credit risk specific to the transaction and are reviewed for appropriateness by senior line and credit management personnel. Credits are monitored by line and credit management personnel for deterioration in payment
performance or in a borrower s financial condition, which would impact the ability of the borrower to perform under the contract. Risk ratings are adjusted as necessary. The Company augments its credit review function by engaging an outside party to review our loans twice a year. In 2014, the Company had two loan reviews conducted during the year by an outside third
party. The first loan review was based on loan data as of April 30, 2014 and the second review was based on loan data as of September 30, 2014. The final loan review report was issued in August 2014 for the first review and in November
2014 for the second review. The purpose of this review is to assess loan risk ratings, to determine if there is any deterioration in the credit quality of the portfolio and to assess the adequacy of the Allowance. 
 The second phase is conducted by evaluating or segmenting the remainder of the loan portfolio into groups or pools of loans with similar
characteristics. In this second phase, groups of loans are reviewed to evaluate the historical loss experience, adjusted for qualitative factors in each category of loans, and then aggregated to determine a portfolio Allowance. Uniform Bank Peer
Group loss experience is considered for those loan segments where the Company had no historical loss experience. The quantitative portion of the Allowance is adjusted for qualitative factors to account for model imprecision and to incorporate the
range of probable outcomes inherent in the estimates used for the Allowance. In the second major element of the analysis, all
known relevant internal and external factors that may affect a loan s collectability are considered. We also perform an evaluation of various conditions, the effects of which are not directly measured in the determination of the formula and
specific allowance. The evaluation of the inherent loss with respect to these conditions is subject to a higher degree of uncertainty because they are not identified with specific problem credits or portfolio segments. The conditions evaluated in
connection with the second element of the analysis of the Allowance include, but are not limited to the following conditions that existed as of the balance sheet date: 

then-existing general economic and business conditions affecting the key lending areas of the Company 

then-existing economic and business conditions of areas outside the lending areas, if any 

credit quality trends (including trends in non-performing loans expected to result from existing conditions) 

collateral values 

loan volumes and concentrations 

seasoning of the loan portfolio 

specific industry conditions within portfolio segments 

recent loss experience in particular segments of the portfolio 

duration of the current business cycle 

bank regulatory examination results and 

findings of the Company s external credit review examiners 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 To the extent that any of these conditions is evidenced by a specifically identifiable
problem credit or portfolio segment as of the evaluation date, our estimate of the effect of such condition may be reflected as a specific allowance applicable to such credit or portfolio segment. Where any of these conditions is not evidenced by a
specifically identifiable problem credit or portfolio segment as of the evaluation date, our evaluation of the inherent loss related to such condition is reflected in the second major element of the Allowance. The relationship of the two major
elements of the Allowance to the total Allowance may fluctuate from period to period. Although we have allocated a portion of the Allowance to specific loan categories, the adequacy of the Allowance must be considered in its entirety. See
 Lending and Allowance for Loan Losses section of Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis on Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further discussion. 
 Interest Rate Risk Interest rate risk is the exposure of a Company s financial condition, both earnings and the market value of assets and liabilities, to adverse movements in interest rates. Interest rate risk results
from differences in the maturity or timing of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, changes in the slope of the yield curve over time, imperfect correlation in the adjustment of rates earned and paid on different instruments with
otherwise similar characteristics (e.g. three-month Treasury bill versus three-month LIBOR) and from interest-rate-related options embedded in bank products (e.g. loan prepayments, floors and caps, callable investment securities, customers
redeploying non-interest bearing to interest bearing deposits, etc). The potential impact of interest rate risk is
significant because of the liquidity and capital adequacy consequences that reduced earnings or net operating losses caused by a reduction in net interest income could imply. We recognize and accept that interest rate risk is a routine part of bank
operations and will from time to time impact our profits and capital position. The objective of interest rate risk management is to control exposure of net interest income to risks associated with interest rate movements in the market, to achieve
consistent growth in net interest income and to profit from favorable market opportunities. The careful planning of asset and
liability maturities and the matching of interest rates to correspond with this maturity matching is an integral part of the active management of an institution s net yield. To the extent maturities of assets and liabilities do not match in a
changing interest rate environment, net yields may be affected. Even when interest earning assets are perfectly matched to interest-bearing liabilities from a repricing standpoint, risks remain in the form of prepayment of assets, and the
possibility of timing lags between when the assets reprices and the liabilities reprice (the repricing between the assets and liabilities may not happen at exactly the same time), and the possibility that the assets may not reprice to the same
extent that the liabilities reprice due to different pricing indices that the products are tied to. In our overall attempt to match assets and liabilities, we take into account rates and maturities to be offered in connection with our certificates
of deposit and our fixed rate as well as variable rate loans. Because of our ratio of rate sensitive assets to rate sensitive liabilities, the Company will be positively affected by an increasing interest rate market. 
 Variable rate loans make up 73 of the loan portfolio; however, the Company has floors on some of its loans. At December 31, 2014,
37 of variable rate loans are at the floor and thus an increase in the underlying index may not necessarily result in an increase in the coupon until the loans index plus margin exceeds that floor. At December 31, 2014, the Company has
approximately 205 million in variable rate loans tied to prime, that are at their interest rate floor. The prime rate index would have to increase by more than 44 basis points on average before the loans would re-price. 
 The Company had 22 pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate contracts that were designed to convert fixed rate loans into variable rate
loans, with remaining maturities extending out for up to nine years These swaps were acquired as a result of the PC Bancorp acquisition. The majority (twenty of the twenty-two interest rate swap contracts) are designated as accounting hedges at
December 31, 2014. The total notional amount of the outstanding swaps contracts as of December 31, 2014 is 29 million. Additionally, at December 31, 2014, the Company has thirteen interest rate swap agreements with customers and
thirteen offsetting interest-rate swaps 
 88 

Table of Contents 

with a counterparty bank that were acquired as a result of the merger with 1 st Enterprise on November 30, 2014. The swap agreements are not designated as hedging instruments. The purpose of
entering into offsetting derivatives not designated as a hedging instrument is to provide the Company a variable-rate loan receivable and provide the customer the financial effects of a fixed-rate loan without creating significant volatility in the
Company s earnings. At December 31, 2014, the total notional amount of the Company s swaps acquired from
1 st Enterprise was 35.7 million. 
 Since interest rate changes do not affect all categories of assets and liabilities equally or simultaneously, a cumulative gap analysis
alone cannot be used to evaluate our interest rate sensitivity position. To supplement traditional gap analysis, we perform simulation modeling to estimate the potential effects of changing interest rates. The process allows us to explore the
complex relationships within the gap over time and various interest rate environments. The following table is a summary of
the Company s one-year GAP as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Increase (Decrease) 

Total interest-sensitive assets maturing or repricing within one year one-year assets 

1,256,339 

831,743 

424,596 

Total interest-sensitive liabilities maturing or repricing within one year one-year liabilities 

932,143 

618,378 

313,765 

One-year GAP 

324,196 

213,365 

110,831 

89 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables present the Company s GAP information as of the date indicated
(dollars in thousands): 

Maturity or Repricing Data 

December 31, 2014 
 
 Three Months or Less 

Over Three Through Twelve Months 

Over One Year Through Three Years 

Over Three Years 

Non-Interest Bearing 

Total 

Interest-Sensitive Assets: 

Cash and due from banks 

33,996 

33,996 

Interest earning deposits in other financial institutions 

98,590 

98,590 

average yield 

0.30 

0.30 

Certificates of deposit in other financial institutions 

23,560 

52,873 

76,433 

average yield 

0.52 

0.66 

0.62 

Investment securities 

9,974 

65,077 

62,241 

136,817 

274,109 

average yield 

1.56 

1.43 

1.38 

2.32 

1.87 

Loans, gross (1) 

890,389 

115,876 

200,705 

417,753 

1,624,723 

average yield (2) 

3.96 

4.86 

4.67 

4.60 

4.28 

Total interest-sensitive assets 

1,022,513 

233,826 

262,946 

554,570 

33,996 

2,107,851 

Interest-Sensitive Liabilities: 

Non-interest bearing demand deposits 

1,032,634 

1,032,634 

Interest-bearing transaction accounts 

206,544 

206,544 

average rate 

0.17 

0.17 

Money market and Savings deposits 

643,675 

643,675 

average rate 

0.24 

0.24 

Certificates of deposit 

11,461 

51,514 

1,865 

64,840 

average rate (3) 

0.30 

0.26 

0.68 

0.28 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

9,411 

9,411 

average rate 

0.20 

0.20 

Subordinated debentures 

9,538 

9,538 

average rate (4) 

4.49 

4.49 

Total interest-sensitive liabilities 

880,629 

51,514 

1,865 

1,032,634 

1,966,642 

GAP 

141,884 

182,312 

261,081 

554,570 

(998,638) 

141,209 

Cumulative GAP 

141,884 

324,196 

585,277 

1,139,847 

141,209 

(1) 
 Variable rate loans at or below their floor are categorized based on their maturity date. 

(2) 
 Excludes amortization of the net deferred loan fees and loan discount accretion. 

(3) 
 Excludes amortization of the fair value adjustments on the PC Bancorp certificates of deposit. 

(4) 
 Includes amortization of the fair value adjustments on these subordinated debentures. 
 We also utilize the results of a dynamic simulation model to quantify the estimated exposure of net interest income to sustained interest
rate changes. The simulation model estimates the impact of changing interest rates on the interest income from all interest earning assets and the interest expense paid on all interest bearing
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

liabilities reflected on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. This sensitivity analysis is compared to policy limits, which specify a maximum tolerance level for net interest income
exposure over a one-year horizon assuming no balance sheet growth, given a 100 and 400 basis point upward and 200 basis point downward shift in interest rates. The following depicts the Company s net interest income sensitivity analysis as of December 31, 2014: 

Simulated Rate Changes 
 
 Estimated Net Interest Income
Sensitivity (dollars in thousands) 

+ 400 basis points 

37.9 

27,538 

+ 100 basis points 

9.0 

6,566 

- 200 basis points (1) 

(4.4) 

(3,178) 

(1) 
 The simulated rate change under the -200 basis points reflected above actually reflects only a maximum negative 25 basis points or less decline in actual rates based on
the targeted Fed Funds target rate by the government of 0 to 0.25 . The -200 simulation model reflects repricing of liabilities of between 0 to 0.25 with little to no repricing of the Company s interest earning assets at the current levels.
 The Company is currently asset sensitive. The estimated sensitivity does not necessarily represent our forecast
and the results may not be indicative of actual changes to our net interest income. These estimates are based upon a number of assumptions including: the nature and timing of interest rate levels including yield curve shape, prepayments on loans and
securities, pricing strategies on loans and deposits and replacement of asset and liability cash flows. While the assumptions used are based on current economic and local market conditions, there is no assurance as to the predictive nature of these
conditions including how customer preferences or competitor influences might change. Because of our ratio of rate sensitive
assets to rate sensitive liabilities, we tend to benefit from an increasing interest rate market and, conversely, suffer in a decreasing interest rate market. As such, the management of interest rates and inflation through national economic policy
may have an impact on our earnings. Increases in interest rates may have a corresponding impact on the ability of borrowers to repay loans with us. Inflation The impact of inflation on a financial institution can
differ significantly from that exerted on other companies. Banks, as financial intermediaries, have many assets and liabilities that may move in concert with inflation both as to interest rates and value. However, financial institutions are affected
by inflation s impact on non-interest expenses, such as salaries and occupancy expenses. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 CU BANCORP INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

95 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

96 

Consolidated Statements of Income 

97 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

98 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 

99 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

100 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

102 
 
 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of our fiscal year. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
 b) Changes in internal controls over financial reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) identified during the fiscal quarter that ended December 31, 2014 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f). Our internal control system was designed to
provide reasonable assurance to management and the board of directors regarding the effectiveness of our internal control processes over the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. We have assessed the
effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) issued in 2013. Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of December 31, 2014, our internal control over financial reporting is effective
based on those criteria. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION None PART III 
 Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 Information regarding executive officers is included in Part I of this Form 10-K as permitted by General Instruction G(3). 
 The additional information required by this item will appear in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders (the 2015 Proxy Statement ), and such information either shall be (i) deemed to be incorporated herein by reference from that portion of the 2015 Proxy Statement, if filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A
not later than 120 days after the end of the Company s most recently completed fiscal year, or (ii) included in an amendment to this report filed with the SEC on Form 10-K/A not later than the end of such 120 day period.
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item will appear in the 2015 Proxy Statement, and such information either shall be (i) deemed to be
incorporated herein by reference from the 2015 Proxy Statement, if filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the Company s most recently completed fiscal year, or (ii) included in an
amendment to this report filed with the SEC on Form 10-K/A not later than the end of such 120 
day period. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholders Matters See Item 14. below. Item 13. Certain Relationship and Related Transactions, and Director Independence See Item 14. below Item 14. Principal Accountant
Fees and Services. Pursuant to General Instruction G(3), the information required to be furnished by ITEMS 12, 13 and 14
of Part III will appear in the 2015 Proxy Statement, and such information either shall be (i) deemed to be incorporated herein by reference from the 2015 Proxy Statement, if filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days
after the end of the Company s most recently completed fiscal year, or (ii) included in an amendment to this report filed with the SEC on Form 10-K/A not later than the end of such 120 day period. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Employee Code of Conduct CU Bancorp has adopted a Code of Conduct (the CU Bancorp Principles of Business Conduct and Ethics) that applies to all employees, directors and officers, including the Company s principal executive
officer, principal financial and accounting officer. The Code of Conduct is also applicable to the Board of Directors and can also be located on the Company s website by visiting www.cunb.com under Investor Relations. A copy of the Code
of Conduct is available, without charge, upon written request to CU Bancorp, Human Resources, 15821 Ventura Blvd., Suite 100, Encino, CA 91436. 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 Documents Filed as Part of this Report Financial Statements Reference is made to the Index to Financial
Statements for a list of financial statements filed as part of this Report. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders CU Bancorp We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CU Bancorp and
subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2014. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2014, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. /s/McGladrey LLP 
 Irvine, California March 13, 2015
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 CU BANCORP 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 

2014 

2013 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks 

33,996 

23,156 

Interest earning deposits in other financial institutions 

98,590 

218,131 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

132,586 

241,287 

Certificates of deposit in other financial institutions 

76,433 

60,307 

Investment securities available-for-sale, at fair value 

226,962 

106,488 

Investment securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost 

47,147 

Total investment securities 

274,109 

106,488 

Loans 

1,624,723 

933,194 

Allowance for loan loss 

(12,610) 

(10,603) 

Net loans 

1,612,113 

922,591 

Premises and equipment, net 

5,377 

3,531 

Deferred tax assets, net 

16,504 

11,835 

Other real estate owned, net 

850 

Goodwill 

63,950 

12,292 

Core deposit and leasehold right intangibles 

9,547 

2,525 

Bank owned life insurance 

38,732 

21,200 

Accrued interest receivable and other assets 

34,916 

25,760 

Total Assets 

2,265,117 

1,407,816 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

LIABILITIES 

Non-interest bearing demand deposits 

1,032,634 

632,192 

Interest bearing transaction accounts 

206,544 

155,735 

Money market and savings deposits 

643,675 

380,915 

Certificates of deposit 

64,840 

63,581 

Total deposits 

1,947,693 

1,232,423 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

9,411 

11,141 

Subordinated debentures, net 

9,538 

9,379 

Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

19,283 

16,949 

Total Liabilities 

1,985,925 

1,269,892 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 21) 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Serial Preferred Stock authorized, 50,000,000 shares: Series A, non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, 1,000 per
share liquidation preference, 16,400 shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2013 

16,004 

Common stock authorized, 75,000,000 shares no par value, 16,683,856 and 11,081,364 shares issued and outstanding at
December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively 

226,389 

121,675 

Additional paid-in capital 

19,748 

8,377 

Retained earnings 

16,861 

8,077 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

190 

(205) 

Total Shareholders Equity 

279,192 

137,924 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

2,265,117 

1,407,816 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 CU BANCORP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Years
Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Interest Income 

Interest and fees on loans 

51,882 

48,201 

34,268 

Interest on investment securities 

2,369 

1,913 

2,421 

Interest on interest bearing deposits in other financial institutions 

926 

732 

807 

Total Interest Income 

55,177 

50,846 

37,496 

Interest Expense 

Interest on interest bearing transaction accounts 

278 

238 

184 

Interest on money market and savings deposits 

963 

1,027 

927 

Interest on certificates of deposit 

216 

255 

264 

Interest on securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

34 

74 

90 

Interest on subordinated debentures 

431 

485 

332 

Total Interest Expense 

1,922 

2,079 

1,797 

Net Interest Income 

53,255 

48,767 

35,699 

Provision for loan losses 

2,239 

2,852 

1,768 

Net Interest Income After Provision For Loan Losses 

51,016 

45,915 

33,931 

Non-Interest Income 

Gain (Loss) on sale of securities, net 

(47) 

47 

Other-than-temporary impairment losses 

(155) 
 
 Gain on sale of SBA loans, net 

1,221 

1,087 

50 

Deposit account service charge income 

2,744 

2,377 

2,130 

Other non-interest income 

3,791 

3,007 

1,936 

Total Non-Interest Income 

7,709 

6,518 

3,961 

Non-Interest Expense 

Salaries and employee benefits (includes stock based compensation expense of 1,699, 1,088 and 1,120 for the years ended
December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively) 

26,519 

22,870 

18,729 

Occupancy 

4,112 

4,194 

3,564 

Data processing 

1,968 

1,868 

1,905 

Legal and professional 

2,006 

2,166 

1,350 

FDIC deposit assessment 

844 

880 

719 

Merger expenses 

2,302 

43 

3,058 

OREO valuation write-downs and expenses 

15 

95 

343 

Office services expenses 

1,026 

1,034 

1,127 

Other operating expenses 

4,593 

4,490 

3,705 

Total Non-Interest Expense 

43,385 

37,640 

34,500 

Net Income Before Provision for Income Tax Expense 

15,340 

14,793 

3,392 

Provision for income tax expense 

6,432 

5,008 

1,665 

Net Income 

8,908 

9,785 

1,727 

Preferred stock dividends and discount accretion 

124 

Net Income available to common shareholders 

8,784 

9,785 

1,727 

Earnings Per Share 

Basic earnings per share 

0.77 

0.93 

0.21 

Diluted earnings per share 

0.75 

0.90 

0.21 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 CU BANCORP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Years
Ended December 31 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Net Income 

8,908 

9,785 

1,727 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax: 

Non-credit portion of other-than-temporary impairments arising during the period 

(22) 

464 

Net unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities arising during the period 

395 

(1,577) 

40 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

395 

(1,599) 

504 

Comprehensive Income 

9,303 

8,186 

2,231 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 CU BANCORP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Three Years Ended December 31, 2014 (Dollars and shares in thousands) 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Outstanding Shares 

Amount 

Outstanding Shares 

Amount 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Retained Earnings (Deficit) 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2011 

6,950 

77,225 

6,164 

(3,435) 

890 

80,844 

Net Issuance of restricted stock 

110 

Issuance of stock for purchase of PC Bancorp, net of 199 in issuance costs 

3,721 

41,660 

41,660 

Stock based compensation expense related to employee stock options and restricted stock 

1,120 

1,120 

Restricted stock repurchase 

(22) 

(228) 

(228) 
 
 Excess tax deficiency Stock based compensation 

(4) 

(4) 
 
 Net Income 

1,727 

1,727 

Other Comprehensive Income 

504 

504 

Balance at December 31, 2012 

10,759 

118,885 

7,052 

(1,708) 

1,394 

125,623 

Net issuance of restricted stock 

69 

Exercise of stock options 

282 

2,790 

2,790 

Stock based compensation expense related to employee stock options and restricted stock 

1,088 

1,088 

Restricted stock repurchase 

(29) 

(422) 

(422) 
 
 Excess tax benefit stock based compensation 

659 

659 

Net Income 

9,785 

9,785 

Other Comprehensive (Loss) 

(1,599) 

(1,599) 

Balance at December 31, 2013 

11,081 

121,675 

8,377 

8,077 

(205) 

137,924 

Net issuance of restricted stock 

168 

Exercise of stock options 

221 

2,029 

2,029 

Issuance of preferred stock for 1 st Enterprise merger,
net of fair value discount 

16,400 

15,921 

15,921 

Issuance of common stock for 1 st Enterprise merger,
net of 27 of issuance costs 

5,240 

102,685 

102,685 

Issuance of replacement stock options for 1 st 
Enterprise merger 

9,561 

9,561 

Stock based compensation expense related to employee stock options and restricted stock 

1,699 

1,699 

Restricted stock repurchase 

(26) 

(471) 

(471) 
 
 Excess tax benefit stock based compensation 

582 

582 

Preferred stock dividends and discount accretion 

83 

(124) 

(41) 
 
 Net Income 

8,908 

8,908 

Other Comprehensive Income 

395 

395 

Balance at December 31, 2014 

16,400 

16,004 

16,684 

226,389 

19,748 

16,861 

190 

279,192 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 CU BANCORP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income: 

8,908 

9,785 

1,727 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Provision for loan losses 

2,239 

2,852 

1,768 

Provision for unfunded loan commitments 

142 

73 

34 

Stock based compensation expense 

1,699 

1,088 

1,120 

Depreciation 

1,019 

1,082 

1,022 

Net accretion of discounts/premiums for loans acquired and deferred loan fees/costs 

(5,360) 

(6,158) 

(3,654) 
 
 Net amortization from investment securities 

1,677 

1,642 

1,403 

Increase in bank owned life insurance 

(661) 

(617) 

(267) 
 
 Amortization of core deposit intangibles 

391 

309 

219 

Amortization of time deposit premium 

(42) 

(141) 

(140) 
 
 Net amortization of leasehold right intangible asset and liabilities 

142 

(313) 

(315) 
 
 Accretion of subordinated debenture discount 

159 

210 

94 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

7 

15 

5 

OREO valuation write-downs 

232 

Gain on sale of OREO 

(23) 

Net other-than-temporary impairment losses recognized in operations 

155 

Loss (gain) on sale of securities, net 

47 

(47) 

Gain on sale of SBA loans, net 

(1,221) 

(1,087) 

(50) 
 
 Decrease (increase) in deferred tax assets 

732 

3,101 

(751) 
 
 Decrease (increase) in accrued interest receivable and other assets 

2,428 

(7,558) 

(668) 
 
 Increase in accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

2,041 

6,459 

1,282 

Net excess in tax benefit on stock compensation 

(582) 

Decrease in fair value of derivative swap liability 

(1,147) 

(2,095) 

(599) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

12,618 

8,577 

2,888 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash and cash equivalents acquired in acquisition, net of cash paid 

8,650 

41,716 

Purchases of available-for-sale investment securities 

(52,042) 

(36,318) 

(7,255) 
 
 Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale investment securities 

25,156 

6,968 

17,278 

Proceeds from repayment and maturities from available-for-sale investment securities 

23,080 

36,703 

29,720 

Loans originated, net of principal payments 

(132,846) 

(72,116) 

(84,387) 
 
 Purchases of premises and equipment 

(1,042) 

(1,206) 

(823) 
 
 Proceeds from sale of OREO 

3,135 

Net (increase) decrease in certificates of deposit in other financial institutions 

(4,572) 

(33,301) 

12,849 

Purchase of bank owned life insurance 

(14,000) 
 
 Net redemption of FHLB and other bank stock 

150 

866 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(133,616) 

(95,985) 

(4,036) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net increase in non-interest bearing demand deposits 

67,591 

88,665 

82,080 

Net increase in interest bearing transaction accounts 

8,033 

42,988 

40,893 

Net (decrease) increase in money market and savings deposits 

(55,236) 

40,449 

(38,646) 
 
 Net decrease in certificates of deposit 

(8,433) 

(17,614) 

(30,951) 
 
 Net decrease in securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

(1,730) 

(11,716) 

(3,330) 
 
 Net proceeds from stock options exercised 

2,029 

2,790 

Issuance costs of common stock for 1 st Enterprise
merger 

(27) 

Restricted stock repurchase 

(471) 

(422) 

(228) 
 
 Dividends paid on preferred stock 

(41) 

Net (deficiency) excess in tax benefit on stock compensation 

582 

659 

(4) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

12,297 

145,799 

49,814 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

(108,701) 

58,391 

48,666 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

241,287 

182,896 

134,230 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

132,586 

241,287 

182,896 

100

Table of Contents 

CU BANCORP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for interest 

1,801 

2,029 

1,681 

Net cash paid (refunds received) during the year for taxes 

3,725 

(270) 

2,685 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing activities: 

Net increase (decrease) in unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities, net of tax 

395 

(1,577) 

504 

Loans transferred to other real estate owned 

850 

Supplemental disclosures related to acquisitions: 

Assets acquired 

833,497 

397,030 

Liabilities assumed 

705,214 

354,708 

Issuance of 16,400 shares of preferred stock 

15,921 

Cash paid for fractional and dissenter shares and stock options 

89 

456 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements
 
 101

Table of Contents 

 CU BANCORP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2014 
 Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 CU Bancorp (the Company is a bank holding company whose operating subsidiary is California United Bank. CU
Bancorp was established to facilitate the reorganization and merger of Premier Commercial Bank, N.A. into California United Bank, which took place after the close of business on July 31, 2012. As a bank holding company, CU Bancorp is subject to
regulation of the Federal Reserve Board FRB ). See Note 2 Business Combinations. The term Company , as used throughout this document, refers to the consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of income of CU
Bancorp and California United Bank. California United Bank (the Bank is a full-service commercial business bank
offering a broad range of banking products and services including: deposit services, lending and cash management to small and medium-sized businesses, to non-profit organizations, to business principals and entrepreneurs, to the professional
community, including attorneys, certified public accountants, financial advisors, healthcare providers and investors. The Bank opened for business in 2005, with its headquarters office located in Encino, California. As a state chartered non-member
bank, the Bank is subject to regulation by the California Department of Business Oversight, (the DBO and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). The deposits of the Bank are insured by the FDIC, to the maximum
amount allowed by law. Basis of Financial Statement Presentation 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and the Bank. Significant intercompany items have been
eliminated in consolidation. The accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 CU Bancorp is the common shareholder of Premier Commercial Statutory Trust I, Premier Commercial Statutory Trust II, and
Premier Commercial Statutory Trust III, entities which were acquired in the merger with Premier Commercial Bancorp PC Bancorp ). These trusts were established for the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred securities and do not meet the
criteria for consolidation. For more detail, see Note 13 Borrowings and Subordinated Debentures. Use of Estimates in the
Preparation of Financial Statements The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. In addition, these accounting principles require the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. 
 Estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change relate to the determination of the allowance for loan loss and various
assets and liabilities measured at fair value. While management uses the most current available information to recognize losses on loans, future additions to the allowance for loan loss may be necessary based on changes in local economic conditions.
In addition, regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Company s allowance for loan loss. Regulatory agencies may require the Company to recognize additions to the allowance for loan loss
based on their judgment about information available to them at the time of their examination. 
 102

Table of Contents 

 Business Combinations 
 The Company has a number of fair value adjustments recorded within the consolidated financial statements at
December 31, 2014 that relate to the business combinations with California Oaks State Bank (COSB), Premier Commercial Bancorp (PC Bancorp) and 1 st Enterprise Bank (1 st Enterprise) on December 31, 2010, July 31, 2012 and November 30, 2014, respectively. These fair
value adjustments include the Company s goodwill, fair value adjustments on loans, core deposit intangible assets, other intangible assets, fair value adjustments to acquired lease obligations, fair value adjustments to high rate certificates
of deposit and fair value adjustments on derivatives. The assets and liabilities acquired through acquisition have been accounted for at fair value as of the date of the acquisition. The goodwill that was recorded on the transactions represented the
excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized and is reviewed for impairment on October 1st of each year. If an event occurs or circumstances change that results in the Company s fair
value declining to below its book value, the Company would perform an impairment analysis at that time. Based on the
Company s 2014 goodwill impairment analysis, no impairment to goodwill has occurred. The Company is a sole reporting unit for evaluation of goodwill. We believe the estimated fair value of the Company is above its carrying value at
December 31, 2014. The core deposit intangibles on non-maturing deposits, which represent the intangible value of
depositor relationships resulting from deposit liabilities assumed through acquisition, are being amortized over the projected useful lives of the deposits. The weighted remaining life of the core deposit intangible is estimated at approximately 7
years at December 31, 2014. Core deposit intangibles are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. 
 Purchased Credit Impaired Loans PCI loans are acquired loans with evidence of deterioration of credit quality since
origination and it is probable at the acquisition date, that the Company will not be able to collect all contractually required amounts. When the timing and/or amounts of expected cash flows on such loans are not reasonably estimable, no interest is
accreted and the loan is reported as a non-accrual loan; otherwise, if the timing and amounts of expected cash flows for PCI loans are reasonably estimable, then interest is accreted and the loans are reported as accruing loans. The non-accretable
difference represents the difference between the undiscounted contractual cash flows and the undiscounted expected cash flows, and also reflects the estimated credit losses in the acquired loan portfolio at the acquisition date and can fluctuate due
to changes in expected cash flows during the life of the PCI loans. For non-PCI loans, loan fair value adjustments consist of an interest rate premium or discount on each individual loan and are amortized to loan interest income based on the
effective yield method over the remaining life of the loans. Business Segments 
 The Company is organized and operated as a single reporting segment, principally engaged in commercial business banking. The Company
conducts its lending and deposit operations through ten full service branch offices located in Los Angeles, Orange, Ventura and San Bernardino counties. Cash and Cash Equivalents Within the Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash, due from banks and interest earning deposits in other financial institutions. Cash flows from loans, deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and certificates of deposit in other
financial institutions are reported on a net basis. Restricted Cash 
 Banking regulations require that all banks maintain a percentage of their deposits as reserves in cash or on deposit with the Federal
Reserve Bank. Reserve balances of 12,450,000 and 1,129,000 were required by the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. As of December 31,
 
 103

Table of Contents 

2014, the Bank was in compliance with all known U.S. Federal Reserve Bank Federal Reserve reporting and reserve requirements. At December 31, 2014 and 2013 respectively, the
Company had 4.1 million and 4.3 million pledged as collateral for its interest rate swap agreements with two counterparty banks. 
 Interest Earning Deposits in Other Financial Institutions Interest earning deposits in other financial institutions represent short term interest earning deposits, which include money market deposit accounts with other financial institutions, including interest
earning deposits with the Federal Reserve. These deposits and investments can generally provide the Company with immediate liquidity and generally can be liquidated the same day as is the case with the Federal Reserve and up to seven days on money
market deposit accounts with other financial institutions. Certificates of Deposit in Other Financial Institutions 
 The Company s investments in certificates of deposit issued by other financial institutions are generally fully insured by the FDIC
up to the applicable limit of 250,000 and have original maturity of between 30 days and 12 months. The current remaining maturities of the Company s certificates of deposit at December 31, 2014 range from 2 days to 12 months with a
weighted average maturity of 5.9 months and a weighted average yield of 0.62 . Concentrations and Credit Risk in Other Financial
Institutions The Company maintains certain deposits in other financial institutions in amounts that exceed federal
deposit insurance coverage. At December 31, 2014, the amount of deposits in other financial institutions that the Company did not maintain with either the Federal Reserve Bank or the Federal Home Loan Bank and were not covered by FDIC insurance
was 30.0 million in non-interest bearing accounts, 30.8 million in interest bearing accounts, and 2.5 million in certificates of deposit in other financial institutions. Based on management s evaluation of the credit risk of maintaining
balances and transactions with these correspondent financial institutions, management does not believe that the Company is exposed to any significant credit risk on these balances. Investment Securities The Company currently classifies its
investment securities under the available-for-sale and held-to-maturity classification. Under the available-for-sale classification, securities can be sold in response to certain conditions, such as changes in interest rates, changes in the credit
quality of the securities, when the credit quality of a security does not conform with current investment policy guidelines, fluctuations in deposit levels or loan demand or need to restructure the portfolio to better match the maturity or interest
rate characteristics of liabilities with assets. Securities classified as available-for-sale are accounted for at their current fair value rather than amortized cost. Unrealized gains or losses are excluded from net income and reported as a separate
component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) included in shareholders equity. Under the held-to-maturity classification, if the Company has the intent and the ability at the time of purchase to hold these securities until
maturity, they are classified as held-to-maturity and are stated at amortized cost. As of each reporting date, the Company
evaluates the securities portfolio to determine if there has been an other-than-temporary impairment OTTI on each of the individual securities in the investment securities portfolio. If it is probable that the Company will be unable to
collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of a debt security not impaired at acquisition, an OTTI shall be considered to have occurred. Once an OTTI is considered to have occurred, the credit portion of the loss is required to be
recognized in current earnings, while the non-credit portion of the loss is recorded as a separate component of shareholders equity. 
 104

Table of Contents 

 In estimating whether an other-than-temporary impairment loss has occurred, management
considers, among other things, (i) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (ii) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, (iii) the current liquidity and volatility of
the market for each of the individual security categories, (iv) the current slope and shape of the Treasury yield curve, along with where the economy is in the current interest rate cycle, (v) the spread differential between the current
spread and the long-term average spread for that security category, (vi) the projected cash flows from the specific security type, (vii) any financial guarantee and financial condition of the guarantor and (viii) the intent and
ability of the Company to retain its investment in the issue for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. If it s determined that an OTTI exists on a debt security, the Company then determines if (a) it intends to sell the security or (b) it is more likely than not that it will be required to
sell the security before its anticipated recovery. If either of the conditions is met, the Company will recognize the amount of the OTTI in earnings equal to the difference between the security s fair value and its adjusted cost basis. If
neither of the conditions is met, the Company determines (a) the amount of the impairment related to credit loss and (b) the amount of the impairment due to all other factors. The difference between the present value of the cash flows
expected to be collected and the amortized cost basis is the credit loss. The credit loss is the portion of the other-than-temporary impairment that is recognized in earnings and is a reduction to the cost basis of the security. The portion of total
impairment related to all other factors is included in other comprehensive income. Significant judgment is required in this analysis that includes, but is not limited to assumptions regarding the collectability of principal and interest, future
default rates, future prepayment speeds, the amount of current delinquencies that will result in defaults and the amount of eventual recoveries expected on these defaulted loans through the foreclosure process. 
 Realized gains and losses on sales of securities are recognized in earnings at the time of sale and are determined on a
specific-identification basis. Purchase premiums and discounts are recognized in interest income using the interest method over the expected maturity term of the securities. For mortgage-backed securities, the amortization or accretion is based on
estimated average lives of the securities. The lives of these securities can fluctuate based on the amount of prepayments received on the underlying collateral of the securities. The amount of prepayments varies from time to time based on the
interest rate environment and the rate of turnover of mortgages. The Company s investment in the common stock of the FHLB, Pacific Coast Bankers Bank PCBB and The Independent Banker s Bank TIB and the preferred
stock of TIB is carried at cost and is included in other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Federal Home Loan Bank
Stock As a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco FHLB ), the Bank is required to maintain
an investment in capital stock of the FHLB. The stock does not have a readily determinable fair value and as such is carried at cost and evaluated for impairment. The stock s value is determined by the ultimate recoverability of the par value
rather than by recognizing temporary declines. The determination of whether the par value will ultimately be recovered is influenced by criteria such as the following: (a) the significance of the changes in (increases or declines) in the net
assets of the FHLB as compared to the capital stock amount and the length of time these changes (situation) has persisted, (b) commitments by the FHLB to make payments required by law or regulation and the level of such payments in relation to
the operating performance, (c) the impact of legislative and regulatory changes on the customer base of the FHLB and (d) the liquidity position of the FHLB. The FHLB has reported earnings for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, and remains in compliance with its regulatory capital and liquidity requirements. See Note 5 Investment
Securities, Investments in FHLB Common Stock. With consideration given to these factors, management concluded that the stock was not impaired at December 31, 2014, 2013 or 2012. 
 The Company s investment in FHLB stock is included in other assets on the accompanying balance sheets. 
 105

Table of Contents 

 Loans and Interest and Fees on Loans 
 The Company extends commercial, Small Business Administration, commercial real estate, construction and personal loans to business
principals and entrepreneurs, to small and medium-sized businesses, to non-profit organizations, to the professional community, including attorneys, certified public accountants, financial advisors, healthcare providers, and to investors. Loans that
the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity are stated at their outstanding unpaid principal balances, net of deferred loan fees, unearned discounts, fair value credit valuation allowance and net of the allowance for loan loss. The
Company recognizes loan origination fees to the extent they represent reimbursement for initial direct costs, as income at the time of loan boarding. The excess of fees over costs, if any, is deferred and recognized in interest income using the
level yield method. Interest on loans is accrued daily and credited to income based on the principal amount outstanding.
Interest is calculated using the terms of the loan according to the contractual note agreements. A small number of loans have been identified and designated as hedged items by the Company. For a detailed discussion of the accounting related to the
loans designated as hedged items, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies under Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activity. Nonaccrual loans: For all loan types, when a borrower discontinues making payments as contractually required by the note, the Company must determine whether it is appropriate to continue to accrue
interest. Generally, the Company places loans in a nonaccrual status and the accrual of interest on loans is discontinued when the loan has become delinquent by more than 90 days or when management determines that the full repayment of principal and
collection of interest is unlikely. The Company may decide to continue to accrue interest on certain loans more than 90 days delinquent, if the loan is well secured by collateral and in the process of collection. 
 When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status or has been charged-off, all interest income that has been accrued but not yet collected, is
reversed against interest income. Subsequent payments received from the customer are applied to principal and no further interest income is recognized until the principal has been paid in full or until circumstances have changed such that payments
are again consistently received as contractually required. Impaired loans: A loan is identified as impaired when it is
probable that interest and principal will not be collected according to the contractual terms of the original loan agreement. Generally, these loans are rated substandard or worse. Most impaired loans are classified as nonaccrual. However, there are
some loans that are designated impaired due to doubt regarding collectability according to contractual terms, but are both fully secured by collateral and are current in their interest and principal payments. These impaired loans that are not
classified as nonaccrual continue to pay as agreed. Impaired loans are measured for reserve requirements based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or, as a practical expedient, at
the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. The amount of an impairment reserve, if any, and any subsequent changes are charged against the allowance for loan loss. Factors that
contribute to a performing loan being classified as impaired include payment status, collateral value, probability of collecting scheduled payments, delinquent taxes, and debts to other lenders that cannot be serviced out of existing cash flow.
 Troubled debt restructurings : A loan is classified as a troubled debt restructuring when a borrower experiences
financial difficulties that lead to a restructuring of the loan, and the Company grants concessions to the borrower in the restructuring that it would not otherwise consider. The loan terms which have been modified or restructured due to a
borrower s financial difficulty may include a reduction in the stated interest rate, an extension of the maturity at an interest rate below current market interest rates, a reduction in the face amount of the debt (principal forgiveness), a
reduction in the accrued interest, or re-aging, extensions, deferrals, renewals, rewrites and other actions intended to minimize potential losses. 
 106

Table of Contents 

 Troubled debt restructurings are considered impaired loans and are evaluated for the amount
of impairment, with the appropriate allowance for loan loss. In determining whether a debtor is experiencing financial
difficulties, the Company considers if the debtor is in payment default or would be in payment default in the foreseeable future without the modification, the debtor declared or is in the process of declaring bankruptcy, there is substantial doubt
that the debtor will continue as a going concern, the debtor s entity-specific projected cash flows will not be sufficient to service its debt, or the debtor cannot obtain funds from sources other than the existing creditors at a market rate
for debt with similar risk characteristics. In determining whether the Company has granted a concession, the Company
assesses, if it does not expect to collect all amounts due, whether the current value of the collateral will satisfy the amounts owed, whether additional collateral or guarantees from the debtor will serve as adequate compensation for other terms of
the restructuring, and whether the debtor otherwise has access to funds at a market rate for debt with similar risk characteristics. A loan that is modified at a market rate of interest will not be classified as a troubled debt restructuring in the calendar year subsequent to the restructuring if it is in compliance with the modified
terms and the expectation exists for continued performance going forward. Payment performance prior and subsequent to the restructuring is taken into account in assessing whether it is likely that the borrower can meet the new terms. This
may result in the loan being returned to accrual at the time of restructuring. The Company generally requires a period of sustained repayment for at least six months for return to accrual status. 
 Loans Held for Sale and Servicing Assets Loans held for sale are loans originated by the Company and include the principal amount outstanding net of unearned income and the loans are carried at the lower of cost or fair value on an aggregate
basis. A decline in the aggregate fair value of the loans below their aggregate carrying amount is recognized through a charge to earnings in the period of such decline. Unearned income on these loans is taken into earnings when they are sold. At
December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company had no loans classified as held for sale. Gains or losses resulting from sales
of loans are recognized at the date of settlement and are based on the difference between the cash received and the carrying value of the related loans less transaction costs. A transfer of financial assets in which control is surrendered is
accounted for as a sale to the extent that consideration other than beneficial interests in the transferred assets is received in the exchange. Assets, liabilities, derivative financial instruments, or other retained interests issued or obtained
through the sale of financial assets are measured at estimated fair value, if practicable. The most common retained interest
related to loan sales is a servicing asset. Servicing assets are amortized in proportion to and over the period of the estimated future net servicing income. The amortization of the servicing asset and the servicing income are included in
noninterest income. The fair value of the servicing assets is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using market-based discount rates and prepayment speeds. The Company s servicing asset is evaluated regularly for impairment. The
servicing asset is stratified based on the original term to maturity and the year of origination of the underlying loans for purposes of measuring impairment. If the fair value of the servicing asset is less than the amortized carrying value, the
asset is considered to be impaired and an impairment charge will be taken against earnings. The servicing asset is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Allowance for Loan Loss The allowance for loan loss Allowance is established by a provision for loan losses that is charged against income, increased by charges to expense and decreased by charge-offs (net of recoveries). Loan charge-offs are charged against the Allowance when
management believes the collectability of loan principal becomes unlikely. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the Allowance. 
 107

Table of Contents 

 The Allowance is an amount that management believes will be adequate to absorb estimated
charge-offs related to specifically identified loans, as well as probable loan charge-offs inherent in the balance of the loan portfolio, based on an evaluation of the collectability of existing loans and prior loss experience. Management carefully
monitors changing economic conditions, the concentrations of loan categories and collateral, the financial condition of the borrowers, the history of the loan portfolio, as well as historical peer group loan loss data to determine the adequacy of
the Allowance. The Allowance is based upon estimates, and actual charge-offs may vary from the estimates. No assurance can be given that adverse future economic conditions will not lead to delinquent loans, increases in the provision for loan losses
and/or charge-offs. These evaluations are inherently subjective, as they require estimates that are susceptible to significant revisions as conditions change. In addition, regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, may
require additions to the Allowance based on their judgment about information available at the time of their examinations. Management believes that the Allowance as of December 31, 2014 is adequate to absorb known and probable losses in the loan
portfolio. The Allowance consists of specific and general components. The specific component relates to loans that are
categorized as impaired. For loans that are categorized as impaired, a specific reserve is established when the fair value of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The general component covers non-impaired loans and is
based on the type of loan and historical charge-off experience adjusted for qualitative factors. While the general allowance
covers all non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for the various qualitative factors as discussed in Note 6 Loans, the change in the Allowance from one reporting period to the next may not directly correlate
to the rate of change of nonperforming loans for the following reasons: 

A loan moving from the impaired performing status to an impaired non-performing status does not mandate an automatic increase in reserves. The
individual loan is evaluated for a specific reserve requirement when the loan moves to the impaired status, not when the loan moves to non-performing status. In addition, the impaired loan is reevaluated at each subsequent reporting period. Impaired
loans are evaluated by comparing the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell, if the loan is collateral dependent, and the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, if the loan is
not collateral dependent. 

Not all impaired loans require a specific reserve. The payment performance of the borrower may require an impaired classification, but the collateral
evaluation may support adequate collateral coverage. For a number of impaired loans in which borrower performance is in question, the collateral coverage may be sufficient because a partial charge off of the loan has been taken. In those instances,
neither a general reserve nor a specific reserve is assessed. Premises and Equipment 
 Premises and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives, which range from three to ten years for furniture and fixtures. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the improvements or the
remaining lease term, whichever is shorter. Expenditures for improvements or major repairs are capitalized and those for ordinary repairs and maintenance are charged to operations as incurred. 
 Other Real Estate Owned Real estate properties that are acquired through, or in lieu of, loan foreclosure are initially recorded at fair value, less estimated costs to sell, at the date of foreclosure, establishing a new cost
basis. After foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed by management and the real estate is carried at the lower of the cost basis or fair value less estimated costs to sell. Revenue and expenses from operations and additions to the
valuation allowance are included in other expenses. 
 108

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill resulting from business combinations is generally determined as the excess of the fair value of the
consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. Goodwill and intangible assets acquired in a purchase business combination determined to have an indefinite useful life are
not amortized, but tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events and circumstances exist that indicate that an impairment test should be performed. The Company has selected October 1 st as the date to perform its annual impairment test. Intangible assets
with definite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives to their estimated residual values. Goodwill is the only intangible asset with an indefinite life on the Company s balance sheet. There was no impairment as of
December 31, 2014 or 2013. The increase in goodwill in 2014 was the result of the merger with 1 st Enterprise Bank on November 30, 2014. For more discussion, see Note 2 Business Combinations. Core deposit intangible assets arising from business combinations are amortized using an accelerated method over their estimated useful lives and are classified under core deposit and leasehold right
intangibles on the Company s balance sheet. Leasehold right intangible is the difference in the fair value of an
acquired lease and the amount of payments required to be made under the lease obligation. The leasehold intangible asset is amortized to expense over the life of the lease and is classified under core deposit and leasehold right intangibles on the
Company s balance sheet. Qualified Affordable Housing Project Investments 
 The Company has made investments in qualified affordable housing projects that are defined within the industry and here as investments in
Low Income Housing Tax Credits LIHTC ). The investment in LIHTC provides the Company with tax credits and tax benefits which are designed to encourage investments in the construction and rehabilitation of low-income housing. The
Company s investments are made to limited partnerships that manage or invest in qualified affordable housing projects primarily to receive both tax credits and benefits in addition to CRA credits. In December 2013, the Company adopted Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-01, Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Accounting for Investments in Qualified Affordable Housing Projects (a consensus
of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force). ASU 2014-1 modifies the conditions that a reporting entity must meet to be eligible to use a method other than the equity or cost method to account for qualified affordable housing project investments. If
the modified conditions are met, the amendments permit an entity to amortize the initial cost of the investment in proportion to the amount of the tax credits and tax benefits received and recognize the net investment performance in the income
statement as a component of income tax expense (benefit). The four conditions that must be met to utilize the proportional amortization method are: (a) it is probable that the tax credits allocable to the investor will be available,
(b) the investor does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the limited partnership, and substantially all of the projected benefits are from tax credits and tax benefits,
(c) the investor s projected yield based solely on the cash flows from the tax credits and tax benefits is positive and (d) the investor is a limited partnership investor in the limited liability entity for both legal and tax
purposes, and the investor is limited to its capital investment. The Company believes that all the above conditions are met to qualify the Company to account for its investments in LIHTC under ASU 2014-1. In addition, the Company is required to
evaluate its investments in LIHTC for impairment, when there are events or changes in circumstances indicating it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of the Company s investment would not be realized either through the receipt of
tax credits and tax benefits or through a sale. Management does not believe there is any impairment of its LIHTC investments at December 31, 2014. See Note 11 Investments in Qualified Affordable Housing Projects for details on the
Company s investments in LIHTC s. 
 109

Table of Contents 

 Transfers of Financial Assets 
 Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales, when control over the assets has been surrendered. Control over transferred
assets is deemed to be surrendered when (1) the assets have been isolated from the Company, (2) the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the
transferred assets and (3) the Company does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets through an agreement to repurchase them before their maturity. Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities All
derivative instruments (interest rate swap contracts) were recognized on the consolidated balance sheet at their current fair value. For derivatives designated as fair value hedges, changes in the fair value of the derivative and hedged item related
to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. ASC Topic 815 establishes the accounting and reporting standards requiring that every derivative instrument (including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts) be recorded in the
balance sheet as either an asset or liability measured at its fair value. ASC Topic 815 requires that changes in the derivative s fair value be recognized currently in earnings unless specific hedge accounting criteria are met. Accounting for
qualifying hedges allows a derivative s gains and losses to offset related results on the hedged item in the income statement, and requires that a company must formally document, designate and assess the effectiveness of transactions that
receive hedge accounting. On the date a derivative contract is entered into by the Company, the Company will designate the
derivative contract as either a fair value hedge (i.e. a hedge of the fair value of a recognized asset or liability), a cash flow hedge (i.e. a hedge of the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or
liability), or a stand-alone derivative (i.e. and instrument with no hedging designation). For a derivative designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are
recognized in earnings. If the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portions of changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in other comprehensive income and are recognized in the income statement when the hedged
item affects earnings. Changes in the fair value of derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are reported currently in earnings, as other non-interest income. The Company also formally assesses the hedge s current effectiveness in
offsetting changes in the fair values of the hedged items. On an ongoing basis, the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are evaluated as to how effective they are in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items.
 The Company will discontinue hedge accounting prospectively when it is determined that the derivative is no longer effective
in offsetting change in the fair value of the hedged item, the derivative expires or is sold, is terminated, or management determines that designation of the derivative as a hedging instrument is no longer appropriate. When hedge accounting is
discontinued, the Company will continue to carry the derivative on the balance sheet at its fair value (if applicable), but will no longer adjust the hedged asset or liability for changes in fair value. The adjustments of the carrying amount of the
hedged asset or liability will be accounted for in the same manner as other components of the carrying amount of that asset or liability, and the adjustments are amortized to interest income over the remaining life of the hedged item upon the
termination of hedge accounting. Income Taxes and Other Taxes 
 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed using the asset and liability method, which recognizes a liability or asset
representing the tax effects, based on current tax law, of future deductible or taxable amounts attributable to events that have been recognized in the financial statements. A valuation allowance is established to the extent necessary to reduce the
deferred tax asset to the level at which it is more likely than not that the tax assets or benefits will be realized. Realization of tax benefits for deductible temporary differences and operating loss carryforwards depends on having
sufficient taxable income of an appropriate character within the carryback and carryforward period and that current tax law will allow for the realization of those tax benefits. 
 110

Table of Contents 

 The Company is required to account for uncertainty associated with the tax positions it has
taken or expects to be taken on past, current and future tax returns. Where there may be a degree of uncertainty as to the tax realization of an item, the Company may only record the tax effects (expense or benefits) from an uncertain tax position
in the financial statements if, based on its merits, the position is more likely than not to be sustained on audit by the taxing authorities. The Company does not believe that it has any material uncertain tax positions taken to date that are not
more likely than not to be realized. Comprehensive Income 
 The Company has adopted accounting guidance issued by FASB that requires all items recognized under accounting standards as components of
comprehensive income be reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other financial statements. This also requires that an entity classify items of other comprehensive income by their nature in an annual financial
statement. Other comprehensive income includes unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, on marketable securities classified as available-for-sale. Earnings per Share EPS Basic earnings per common
share is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS includes the dilutive effect of potential common stock using the treasury stock method
only if the effect on earnings per share is dilutive. See Note 4 Computation of Earnings per Common Share. Recent Accounting
Pronouncements In January 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-04, Receivables Troubled Debt
Restructurings by Creditors (Subtopic 310-40): Reclassification of Residential Real Estate Collateralized Consumer Mortgage Loans upon foreclosure (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force). The objective of this Update is to reduce
diversity in practice by clarifying when an in substance repossession or foreclosure occurs, that is, when a creditor should be considered to have received physical possession of residential real estate property collateralizing a consumer mortgage
loan such that the loan receivable should be derecognized and the real estate property recognized. ASU 2014-04 clarifies that an in substance repossession or foreclosure occurs, and a creditor is considered to have received physical possession of
residential real estate property collateralizing a consumer mortgage loan, upon either (1) the creditor obtaining legal title to the residential real estate property upon completion of a foreclosure or (2) the borrower conveying all
interest in the residential real estate property to the creditor to satisfy that loan through completion of a deed in lieu of foreclosure or through a similar legal agreement. Additionally, the amendments require interim and annual disclosure of
both (1) the amount of foreclosed residential real estate property held by the creditor and (2) the recorded investment in consumer mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate property that are in the process of foreclosure
according to local requirements of the applicable jurisdiction. These amendments are effective for public business entities for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2014. An entity can
elect to adopt these amendments using either a modified retrospective transition method or a prospective transition method. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on the Company s
financial position or results of operations. In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-11, Transfers and Servicing
(Topic 860): Repurchase-to-Maturity Transactions, Repurchase Financings, and Disclosures, to address investor concerns about the distinction in generally accepted accounting principles between repurchase agreements that settle at the same time
as the maturity of the transferred financial asset and those that settle any time before maturity. ASU 2014-11 aligns the accounting for repurchase-to-maturity transactions and repurchase agreements executed as a repurchase financing with the
accounting for other typical repurchase agreements. Going forward, these transactions all will be accounted for as secured borrowings. The new guidance eliminates sale accounting for repurchase-to-maturity transactions and supersedes the guidance
under which a transfer of a financial asset and a 
 111

Table of Contents 

contemporaneous repurchase financing could be accounted for on a combined basis as a forward agreement, which has resulted in outcomes referred to as off-balance-sheet accounting. ASU 2014-11
also requires a new disclosure for transactions economically similar to repurchase agreements in which the transferor retains substantially all of the exposure to the economic return on the transferred financial assets throughout the term of the
transaction. Further, the ASU requires expanded disclosures about the nature of collateral pledged in repurchase agreements and similar transactions accounted for as secured borrowings. The accounting changes are effective for public companies for
the first interim or annual period beginning after December 15, 2014. In addition, for public companies, the disclosure for certain transactions accounted for as a sale is effective for the first interim or annual period beginning after
December 15, 2014, and the disclosure for transactions accounted for as secured borrowings is required to be presented for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2014, and interim periods beginning after March 15, 2014. Earlier
application for a public company is prohibited, but all other companies and organizations may elect to apply the requirements for interim periods beginning after December 15, 2014. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have an impact on
the Company s financial position or results of operations. In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-14,
 Receivables Troubled Debt Restructuring by Creditors (Subtopic 310-40): Classification of Certain Government-Guaranteed Mortgage Loans upon Foreclosure. This ASU will require creditors to derecognize certain foreclosed
government-guaranteed mortgage loans and to recognize a separate other receivable that is measured at the amount the creditor expects to recover from the guarantor, and to treat the guarantee and the receivable as a single unit of account. ASU
2014-14 is effective for public business entities for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2014. For entities other than public business entities, the ASU is effective for annual periods
ending after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within annual periods thereafter. An entity can elect a prospective or a modified retrospective transition method, but must use the same transition method that it elected under FASB ASU
No. 2014-04, Reclassification of Residential Real Estate Collateralized Consumer Mortgage Loans upon Foreclosure . Early adoption, including adoption in an interim period, is permitted if the entity already adopted ASU 2014-04. We do not
expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
 In November 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-16, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Determining Whether the Host Contract in
a Hybrid Financial Instrument Issued in the Form of a Share Is More Akin to Debt or to Equity. This ASU will require an entity to determine the nature of the host contract by considering the economic characteristics and risks of the entire
hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share, including the embedded derivative feature that is being evaluated for separate accounting from the host contract when evaluating whether the host contract is more akin to debt or equity. In
evaluating the stated and implied substantive terms and features, the existence or omission of any single term or feature does not necessarily determine the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract. Although an individual term or
feature may weigh more heavily in the evaluation on the basis of facts and circumstances, an entity should use judgment based on an evaluation of all the relevant terms and features. ASU 2014-16 is effective for public business entities for fiscal
years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. For all other entities, the ASU is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within fiscal years thereafter. The
effects of initially adopting the amendments should be applied on a modified retrospective basis to existing hybrid financial instruments issued in the form of a share as of the beginning of the fiscal year for which the amendment is effective.
Retrospective application is permitted to all relevant prior periods. Early adoption, including adoption in an interim period, is permitted. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments shall be reflected as of the
beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have an impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
 112

Table of Contents 

Note 2 Business Combinations 
 On November 30, 2014, the Company completed the merger with 1st Enterprise pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
and Plan of Merger dated June 2, 2014, as amended Merger Agreement ). 1st Enterprise was merged with and into the Bank, with the Bank continuing as the surviving entity in the merger. Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth
in the Merger Agreement, each outstanding share of 1st Enterprise common stock (other than shares as to which the holder exercised dissenters rights) was converted into the right to receive 1.3450 of a share of the CU Bancorp common stock,
resulting in 5.2 million shares of CU Bancorp common stock issued. The fair value of the 5.2 million common stock issued as part of the consideration paid 102.7 million) was determined based on the closing market price 19.60) of CU
Bancorp common stock on November 30, 2014. The 16,400 shares of 1st Enterprise Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series D were converted into the right to receive 16,400 shares of CU Bancorp s Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred
Stock, Series A CU Bancorp Preferred Stock ). The U.S. Department of the Treasury is the sole holder of all outstanding shares of CU Bancorp Preferred Stock. As part of the Merger Agreement, CU Bancorp adopted the 1st Enterprise 2006
Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, as its own equity plan and all stock options granted by 1st Enterprise thereunder are exercisable for CU Bancorp common stock on substantially the same terms but adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio set forth in
the Merger Agreement. See Note 16 - Stock Options and Restricted Stock for more details. The merger was accounted for by the Company using the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities of 1st Enterprise were recorded
at their respective fair values at acquisition date and represents management s estimates based on available information. 
 The results of 1st Enterprise s operations are included in the Consolidated Statements of Income from the date of acquisition. In
connection with the merger, the consideration paid, the assets acquired, and the liabilities assumed were recorded at fair value on the date of acquisition, as summarized in the following table (dollars in thousands): 

November 30, 2014 

Assets acquired: 

Cash and due from banks 

8,739 

Interest earning deposits in other financial institutions 

11,554 

Investment securities available-for-sale 

117,407 

Investment securities held-to-maturity 

47,457 

Loans 

553,183 

Premises and equipment, net 

1,830 

Deferred tax asset 

5,682 

Goodwill 

51,658 

Core deposit and leasehold right intangibles 

7,533 

Bank owned life insurance 

16,871 

Accrued interest receivable and other assets 

11,583 

Total assets acquired 

833,497 

Liabilities assumed: 

Deposits 

703,358 

Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

1,856 

Total liabilities assumed 

705,214 

Total consideration paid 

128,283 

1st Enterprise operated as a full-service independent commercial banking institution in the Southern
California market with three branches located in downtown Los Angeles, Orange County and the Inland Empire and a loan production office in the San Fernando Valley. 1st Enterprise and the Bank have complementary business models and both have
developed strong commercial banking platforms and production capabilities, low- 
 113

Table of Contents 

cost deposit bases and robust credit cultures. The merger offers further delivery of sophisticated personal service to their target, small and middle-market business, entrepreneurs, non-profits
and professional customers. The merger will provide the combined institution with financial benefits that include reduced combined operating expenses and synergies. In accordance with GAAP, the Company expensed approximately 2.3 million of merger expenses and recorded 51.7 million of goodwill and 7.4 million of other intangible assets. The 2.3 million merger
expense is included in the Company s historical income statement for the year ended December 31, 2014. The other intangible assets are primarily related to core deposits and are being amortized on an accelerated basis over a period of
approximately ten years in proportion to the related estimated benefits. The assets and liabilities of 1st Enterprise were accounted for at fair value and required either a third party analysis or an internal valuation analysis of fair value. An
analysis was performed on loans, investment securities, contractual lease obligations, deferred compensation, deposits, premises and equipment, other assets, other liabilities and preferred stock as of the merger date. Balances that were considered
to be at fair value at the date of acquisition were cash and cash equivalents, bank owned life insurance, derivatives, other assets (interest receivable), and certain other liabilities (interest payable). For tax purposes, acquisition accounting
adjustments, including goodwill are not taxable or deductible. The following table summarizes the fair value of the total
consideration transferred as part of the merger with 1st Enterprise as well as the fair value adjustments to 1st Enterprise s balance sheet as of the acquisition date and the resulting goodwill: 

November 30, 2014 

Consideration paid: 

CU Bancorp common stock issued 

102,712 

CU Bancorp preferred stock issued 

15,921 

Fair value of 1st Enterprise stock options 

9,561 

Cash paid to a dissenter shareholder 

87 

Cash in lieu of fractional shares paid to 1st Enterprise shareholders 

2 

Total consideration 

128,283 

Net assets of 1st Enterprise at November 30, 2014 

75,205 

Fair value adjustments: 

Investment securities 

1,779 

Loans, net 

(12,362) 

Premises and equipment 

(377) 

Deferred taxes 

3,019 

Core deposits and leasehold intangibles 

7,424 

Other assets 

(52) 

Other liabilities 

1,989 

Total fair value adjustments 

1,420 

Fair value of net assets acquired 

76,625 

Excess of consideration paid over fair value of net assets acquired (goodwill) 

51,658 

We estimated the fair value for most loans acquired from 1 st Enterprise by utilizing a methodology wherein loans with comparable
characteristics were aggregated by type of collateral, whether loans are fixed, adjustable, interest only or have balloon structures. Other considerations included risk ratings, delinquency history, performance status (accrual or non-accrual) and
other relevant factors. The discounted cash flow approach DCF was used to arrive at the fair value of the loans acquired. Projected cash flows were determined by estimating future credit losses and prepayment rates, which were then
discounted to present value at a risk-adjusted discount rate for similar loans. 
 114

Table of Contents 

 There was no carryover of 1 st Enterprise s allowance for loan losses associated with the
loans acquired as the loans were initially recorded at fair value. Purchased Credit Impaired PCI loans are
acquired loans with evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination and it is probable at the acquisition date, that the Company will not be able to collect all contractually required amounts. When the timing and/or amounts of expected
cash flows on such loans are not reasonably estimable, no interest is accreted and the loan is reported as a non-accrual loan; otherwise, if the timing and amounts of expected cash flows for PCI loans are reasonably estimable, then interest is
accreted and the loans are reported as accruing loans. The non-accretable difference represents the difference between the undiscounted contractual cash flows and the undiscounted expected cash flows, and also reflects the estimated credit losses in
the acquired loan portfolio at the acquisition date and can fluctuate due to changes in expected cash flows during the life of the PCI loans. The following table presents the fair value of loans pursuant to accounting standards for PCI and non-PCI loans as of the 1 st Enterprise acquisition date (dollars in thousands): 

November 30, 2014 

PCI loans 

Non-PCI loans 

Total 

Contractually required payments 

577 

569,276 

569,853 

Less: non-accretable difference 

(108) 

(108) 

Cash flows expected to be collected (undiscounted) 

469 

569,276 

569,745 

Accretable yield 

(16,562) 

(16,562) 

Fair value of acquired loans 

469 

552,714 

553,183 

Pro Forma Financial Information 
 The following table presents financial information regarding
1 st Enterprise operations included in our consolidated
statement of income from the date of acquisition, November 30, 2014, through December 31, 2014. The following table also presents unaudited pro forma information for the periods indicated as though the 1 st Enterprise merger had been completed as of January 1, 2013. The
2014 pro forma net income excludes historical non-recurring merger expenses net of taxes, totaling approximately 3.2 million for the Company and 1 st Enterprise (dollars in thousands, except per share data). 

1 st Enterprise 
actual results from acquisition date through 

Proforma Year
ended December 31, 

Proforma Year
ended December 31, 

December 31, 2014 

2014 

2013 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

2,023 

77,140 

68,771 

Net income 

766 

17,218 

15,299 

Preferred stock dividends and discount accretion 

(1,234) 

(889) 

Net income available to common shareholders 

15,984 

14,410 

Diluted earnings per share 

0.94 

0.87 

115

Table of Contents 

 The accompanying financial statements below include the accounts of PC Bancorp since the
acquisition date July 31, 2012. The following unaudited pro forma information presents select financial information for the periods indicated as though the PC Bancorp merger had been completed as of January 1, 2011. The 2012 and 2011 pro
forma net income excludes non-recurring merger expenses, net of taxes of approximately 2.6 million and 183,000, respectively (dollars in thousands, except for per share data). 

Supplemental Proforma Financial Data PC Bancorp Merger 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

2012 

2011 

Net interest income 

42,939 

41,529 

Net income 

2,281 

2,787 

Diluted earnings per share 

0.21 

0.27 
 
 The above proforma results are presented for illustrative purposes and are not
intended to represent or be indicative of the actual results of operations of the merged companies that would have been achieved had the acquisition occurred at January 1, 2013 for 1 st Enterprise and January 1, 2011 for PC Bancorp, nor are they intended to represent or be indicative of future
results of operations. The proforma results do not include expected operating cost savings as a result of the acquisitions. These proforma results require significant estimates and judgments particularly as it relates to valuation and accretion of
income associated with acquired loans. 
 Note 3 Computation of Book Value and Tangible Book Value per Common Share 
 Book value per common share was calculated by dividing total shareholders equity less preferred stock, by the
number of common shares issued and outstanding. Tangible book value per common share was calculated by dividing tangible shareholders equity by the number of common shares issued and outstanding. The tables below present the computation of
book value and tangible book value per common share as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands, except per share data): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Total Shareholders Equity 

279,192 

137,924 

Less: Preferred stock 

16,004 

Less: Goodwill 

63,950 

12,292 

Less: Core deposit and leasehold right intangibles 

9,547 

2,525 

Tangible Shareholders Equity 

189,691 

123,107 

Common shares issued and outstanding 

16,683,856 

11,081,364 

Book value per common share 

15.78 

12.45 

Tangible book value per common share 

11.37 

11.11 

116

Table of Contents 

Note 4 Computation of Earnings per Common Share 
 Basic and diluted earnings per common share were determined by dividing the net income available to common stockholders
by the applicable basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding. The following table shows weighted average basic shares outstanding, potential dilutive shares related to stock options, unvested restricted stock, and weighted average
diluted shares for each of the periods indicated (dollars in thousands, except per share data): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Net Income 

8,908 

9,785 

1,727 

Less: Preferred stock dividends and discount accretion 

124 

Net Income available to common shareholders 

8,784 

9,785 

1,727 

Weighted average basic common shares outstanding 

11,393,445 

10,567,436 

8,283,599 

Dilutive effect of potential common share issuances from stock options and restricted stock 

274,288 

269,425 

127,150 

Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 

11,667,733 

10,836,861 

8,410,749 

Income per common share 

Basic 

0.77 

0.93 

0.21 

Diluted 

0.75 

0.90 

0.21 

Anti-dilutive shares not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share 

79,000 

81,000 

245,833 

Note 5 Investment Securities 
 The Company s investment securities portfolio has been classified into two categories: available-for-sale AFS and held- to-maturity HTM ). The following tables present the amortized cost and estimated fair
values of investment securities by major category as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Gross Unrealized 

December 31, 2014 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Estimated Fair Value 

Available-for-sale: 

U.S. Govt Agency and Sponsored Agency Note Securities 

2,036 

2 

2,038 

U.S. Govt Agency SBA Securities 

54,062 

770 

345 

54,487 

U.S. Govt Agency GNMA Mortgage-Backed Securities 

29,364 

255 

277 

29,342 

U.S. Govt Sponsored Agency CMO Mortgage-Backed Securities 

107,348 

457 

577 

107,228 

Corporate Securities 

4,043 

77 

4,120 

Municipal Securities 

1,039 

11 

1,050 

Asset Backed Securities 

8,711 

1 

40 

8,672 

U.S. Treasury Notes 

20,031 

6 

20,025 

Total available-for-sale 

226,634 

1,573 

1,245 

226,962 

Held-to-maturity: 

Municipal Securities 

47,147 

169 

157 

47,159 

Total held-to-maturity 

47,147 

169 

157 

47,159 

Total investment securities 

273,781 

1,742 

1,402 

274,121 

117

Table of Contents 

Gross Unrealized 

December 31, 2013 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Estimated Fair Value 

Available-for-sale: 

U.S. Govt Agency and Sponsored Agency Note Securities 

4,153 

1 

2 

4,152 

U.S. Govt Agency SBA Securities 

50,521 

875 

491 

50,905 

U.S. Govt Agency GNMA Mortgage-Backed Securities 

28,107 

180 

909 

27,378 

U.S. Govt Sponsored Agency CMO Mortgage-Backed Securities 

15,348 

345 

479 

15,214 

Corporate Securities 

5,086 

125 

5,211 

Municipal Securities 

3,621 

9 

2 

3,628 

Total available-for-sale 

106,836 

1,535 

1,883 

106,488 

Total investment securities 

106,836 

1,535 

1,883 

106,488 

The Company s investment securities portfolio at December 31, 2014, consists of U.S. Treasury
Notes, U.S. Agency and U.S. Sponsored Agency issued AAA and AA rated investment-grade callable and non-callable bonds, mortgage-backed pass through securities, asset backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligation CMO 
securities, investment grade corporate bond securities and investment grade municipal securities. As of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, securities with a fair value of 89.3 million and 53.98 million were pledged as collateral
for securities sold under agreements to repurchase, public deposits, outstanding standby letters of credit and other purposes as required by various statutes and agreements. The Company had no securities that were classified as other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2014 or 2013. The following tables present investment securities with unrealized losses that are
considered to be temporarily-impaired, summarized and classified according to the duration of the loss period as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands). 

Months 

> 12 Continuous Months 

Total 

December 31, 2014 
 
 Fair Value 

Net Unrealized Loss 

Fair Value 

Net Unrealized Loss 

Fair Value 

Net Unrealized Loss 

Temporarily-impaired available-for-sale investment securities: 

U.S. Govt. Agency SBA Securities 

10,688 

87 

10,095 

258 

20,783 

345 

U.S. Govt. Agency GNMA Mortgage-Backed Securities 

12,784 

65 

8,784 

212 

21,568 

277 

U.S. Govt. Sponsored Agency CMO Mortgage-Backed Securities 

64,360 

413 

6,584 

164 

70,944 

577 

Asset Backed Securities 

4,849 

40 

4,849 

40 

U.S. Treasury Notes 

20,025 

6 

20,025 

6 

Total temporarily-impaired available-for-sale investment securities 

112,706 

611 

25,463 

634 

138,169 

1,245 

Temporarily-impaired held-to-maturity investment securities: 

Municipal Securities 

23,966 

157 

23,966 

157 

Total temporarily-impaired held-to-maturity investment securities 

23,966 

157 

23,966 

157 

118

Table of Contents 

Months 

> 12 Continuous Months 

Total 

December 31, 2013 
 
 Fair Value 

Net Unrealized Loss 

Fair Value 

Net Unrealized Loss 

Fair Value 

Net Unrealized Loss 

Temporarily-impaired available-for-sale investment securities: 

U.S. Govt. Agency and Sponsored Agency Note Securities 

1,041 

2 

1,041 

2 

U.S. Govt. Agency SBA Securities 

11,686 

491 

11,686 

491 

U.S. Govt. Agency GNMA Mortgage-Backed Securities 

15,693 

721 

1,864 

188 

17,557 

909 

U.S. Govt. Sponsored Agency CMO Mortgage-Backed Securities 

7,650 

479 

7,650 

479 

Municipal Securities 

1,029 

2 

1,029 

2 

Total temporarily-impaired available-for-sale investment securities 

36,070 

1,693 

2,893 

190 

38,963 

1,883 

The unrealized losses in each of the above categories are associated with the general fluctuation of
market interest rates and are not an indication of any deterioration in the credit quality of the security issuers. Further, the Company does not intend to sell these securities and is not more-likely-than-not to be required to sell the securities
before the recovery of its amortized cost basis. The amortized cost, estimated fair value and average yield of debt
securities at December 31, 2014, are reflected in the table below (dollars in thousands). Maturity categories are determined as follows: 

U.S. Govt. Agency, U.S. Treasury Notes and U.S. Govt. Sponsored Agency bonds and notes maturity date 

U.S. Govt. Sponsored Agency CMO or Mortgage-Backed Securities, U.S. Govt. Agency GNMA Mortgage-Backed Securities, Asset Backed Securities and U.S. Gov.
Agency SBA Securities estimated cash flow taking into account estimated pre-payment speeds 

Investment grade Corporate Bonds and Municipal securities maturity date 
 Although, U.S. Government Agency and U.S. Government Sponsored Agency mortgage-backed and CMO securities have contractual maturities
through 2048, the expected maturity will differ from the contractual maturities because borrowers or issuers may have the right to prepay such obligations without penalties. 

December 31, 2014 

Maturities Schedule of Securities 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Weighted Average Yield 

Due through one year 

28,307 

28,467 

1.73 

Due after one year through five years 

109,021 

109,245 

1.65 

Due after five years through ten years 

62,641 

62,389 

1.91 

Due after ten years 

26,665 

26,861 

2.55 

Total 

226,634 

226,962 

1.83 

119

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2013 

Maturities Schedule of Securities 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Weighted Average Yield 

Due through one year 

17,574 

17,759 

1.69 

Due after one year through five years 

37,733 

38,168 

2.04 

Due after five years through ten years 

25,486 

24,952 

2.41 

Due after ten years 

26,043 

25,609 

2.75 

Total 

106,836 

106,488 

2.24 

The weighted average yields in the above table are based on effective rates of book balances at the end
of the year. Yields are derived by dividing interest income, adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, by total amortized cost. During the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 the Company recognized gross gains and (losses) on sales of available-for-sale securities and held-to-maturity securities in the amount of
 (47,000), 47,000 and 0, respectively. The Company had net proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale securities and held-to-maturity securities of 25.2 million 7.0 million and 17.3 million during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013
and 2012, respectively. Investments in FHLB Common Stock The Company s investment in the common stock of the FHLB is carried at cost and was 8.0 million and 4.7 million as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. See Note 13 Borrowings
and Subordinated Debentures for a detailed discussion regarding the Company s borrowings and the requirements to purchase FHLB common stock. The FHLB has declared and paid cash dividends in 2013 and 2014. The Company has received cash dividends from the FHLB of 320,000 and 199,000 for the years ending December 31, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. The Company acquired 3.8 million of FHLB common stock in 2014 as part of the acquisition of
1 st Enterprise. The FHLB made common stock redemptions of
 150,300 during the year ending December 31, 2013. There was no such activity during the year ended December 31, 2014. The FHLB has been classified as one of the Company s primary correspondent banks and is evaluated on a quarterly basis as part of the Company s evaluation of its correspondent banking
relationships under Federal Reserve Board Regulation F. The investment in FHLB stock is periodically evaluated for impairment
based on, among other things, the capital adequacy of the FHLB and its overall financial condition. No impairment losses have been recorded through December 31, 2014 and based on the current financial condition of the FHLB, no impairment losses
appear necessary or warranted. The Company s investment in FHLB stock is included in other assets on the accompanying
balance sheets. 
 120

Table of Contents 

Note 6 Loans 
 The following table presents the composition of the loan portfolio as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands):

December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Commercial and Industrial Loans: 

528,517 

299,473 

Loans Secured by Real Estate: 

Owner-Occupied Nonresidential Properties 

339,309 

197,605 

Other Nonresidential Properties 

481,517 

271,818 

Construction, Land Development and Other Land 

72,223 

47,074 

1-4 Family Residential Properties 

121,985 

65,711 

Multifamily Residential Properties 

52,813 

33,780 

Total Loans Secured by Real Estate 

1,067,847 

615,988 

Other Loans: 

28,359 

17,733 

Total Loans 

1,624,723 

933,194 

Loans are made to individuals, as well as commercial and tax exempt entities. Specific loan terms vary as
to interest rate, repayment, and collateral requirements based on the type of loan requested and the credit worthiness of the prospective borrower. Credit risk tends to be geographically concentrated in Southern California where a majority of the
Company s loan customers are located. The Company s extensions of credit are governed by its credit policies which
are established to control the quality, structure and adherence to applicable law of the Company s loans. These policies are reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors on a regular basis. 
 Commercial and Industrial Loans : Commercial credit is extended primarily to middle market businesses, professional
enterprises and their owners for business purposes. Typical loan types are working capital loans, loans for financing capital expenditures, asset acquisition loans and other business loans. Loans to closely held businesses will generally be
guaranteed in full or in a meaningful amount by the businesses major owners. Commercial loans are made based primarily on the historical and projected cash flow of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the
borrower. The cash flows of borrowers, however, may not behave as forecasted and collateral securing loans may fluctuate in value due to economic or individual performance factors. Minimum standards and underwriting guidelines have been
established for all commercial loan types. Commercial Real Estate Loans : The Company s goal is to create and
maintain a high quality portfolio of commercial real estate loans with customers who meet the quality and relationship profitability objectives of the Company. These loans include owner-occupied nonresidential properties and other nonresidential
properties. Owner-occupied nonresidential property loans are subject to underwriting standards and processes similar to commercial and industrial loans. These loans are viewed primarily as cash flow loans and the repayment of these loans is
largely dependent on the successful operation of the business. Other nonresidential property loans are also subject to strict underwriting standards and processes. For these loans the Company looks at the underlying cash flows from these
properties, which include: the debt service coverage, the cash flow from the existing tenants in the property, the historical vacancy of the property, the financial strength of the tenants, and the type and duration of signed leases. Loan
performance of commercial real estate loans may be adversely affected by factors impacting the general economy or conditions specific to the real estate market such as geographic location and/or property type. 
 121

Table of Contents 

 Construction and Land Development Loans : The Company defines construction loans
as loans where the loan proceeds are controlled by the Company and used for the improvement of real estate in which the Company holds a deed of trust. Land development loans are loans on vacant land that may be developed by the owner of the
property sometime in the future. Due to the inherent risk in this type of loan, they are subject to other specific underwriting policy guidelines outlined in the Company s Credit Risk Policy and are monitored closely. 
 Residential Loans : The Company originates residential real estate loans as either home equity lines of credit or multifamily
 apartment loans. Home equity lines of credit HELOCs are made to individuals and to business principals with whom the Company maintains, in most cases, either a business lending or deposit relationship. The underwriting
standards are typical of home equity products with loan to value and debt service considerations. Multifamily loans are underwritten based on the projected cash flows of the property with consideration of market conditions and values where the
property is located. Other Loans : The Company originates loans to individuals for personal expenditures and
investments that the Company maintains in most cases either a deposit or business relationship with. Also included in this category are loans to non-depository financial institutions. 
 Purchased loans: Loans acquired in acquisitions are recorded at estimated fair value on their purchase date without a carryover of
the related allowance for loan loss. Loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality are loans that have evidence of credit deterioration since origination and it is probable at the date of acquisition that the Company will not collect
principal and interest payments according to the contractual terms of the original loan agreement. Evidence of credit quality deterioration as of the purchase date may include factors such as past due and non-accrual status. The difference
between contractually required payments at acquisition and the cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition is referred to as the credit loss. Further, any excess of cash flows expected at acquisition over the estimated fair value is
referred to as the accretable yield and is recognized into interest income over the remaining life of the loan when there is a reasonable expectation about the amount and timing of such cash flows. Subsequent decreases to the expected cash
flows will generally result in a provision for loan losses. Restructured loans : Loans may be restructured in an effort
to maximize collections. The Company may use various restructuring techniques, including, but not limited to, deferral of past due interest or principal, redeeming past due taxes, reduction of interest rates, extending maturities and
modification of amortization schedules. The Company does not typically forgive principal balances or past due interest prior to pay-off or surrender of the property. Concentrations The Company makes commercial, construction, commercial real
estate, and consumer home equity loans to customers primarily in Los Angeles, Orange, San Bernardino and Ventura Counties. As an abundance of caution, the Company may require commercial real estate collateral on a loan classified as a commercial
loan. At December 31, 2014, loans secured by real estate collateral accounted for approximately 66 of the loan portfolio. Of these loans, 94 are secured by first trust deed liens and 6 are secured by second trust deed liens. In addition, 32 
are secured by owner-occupied non-residential properties. Loans secured by first trust deeds on commercial real estate generally have an initial loan to value ratio of not more than 75 , except for SBA guaranteed loans which may exceed this level.
The Company s policy for requiring collateral is to obtain collateral whenever it is available or desirable; depending upon the degree of risk in the proposed credit transaction. In addition, 25 of total loans have been secured by a UCC filing
on the business property of the borrower. Approximately 7 of loans are unsecured. The Company s loans are expected to be repaid from cash flows or from proceeds from the sale of selected assets of the borrowers. 
 A substantial portion of the Company s customers ability to honor their contracts is dependent on the economy in the area. The
Company s goal is to continue to maintain a diversified loan portfolio, which requires the loans to be well collateralized and supported by cash flows. 
 122

Table of Contents 

 The following table is a breakout of the Company s gross loans stratified by the
industry concentration of the borrower by their respective NAICS code as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Real Estate 

744,663 

381,830 

Manufacturing 

161,233 

83,319 

Wholesale 

124,336 

60,291 

Construction 

113,763 

62,835 

Finance 

96,074 

46,393 

Hotel/Lodging 

88,269 

76,143 

Professional Services 

64,215 

49,739 

Other Services 

45,781 

21,448 

Healthcare 

43,917 

38,662 

Retail 

35,503 

23,157 

Administrative Management 

28,016 

15,218 

Restaurant/Food Service 

24,525 

35,244 

Transportation 

18,158 

9,531 

Information 

15,457 

11,709 

Education 

10,253 

10,270 

Entertainment 

8,284 

6,207 

Other 

2,276 

1,198 

Total 

1,624,723 

933,194 

Small Business Administration Loans As part of the acquisition of PC Bancorp, the Company acquired loans that were originated under the guidelines of the Small Business Administration SBA program. The total portfolio of the
SBA contractual loan balances being serviced by the Company at December 31, 2014 was 107.4 million, of which 72.2 million has been sold. Of the 35.2 million remaining on the Company s books, 24.1 million is not guaranteed and 11.1
million is guaranteed by the SBA. For SBA guaranteed loans, a secondary market exists to purchase the guaranteed portion of
these loans with the Company continuing to service the entire loan. The secondary market for guaranteed loans is comprised of investors seeking long term assets with yields that adapt to the prevailing interest rates. These investors are
typically financial institutions, insurance companies, pension funds, and other types of investors specializing in the acquisition of this product. When a decision to sell the guaranteed portion of an SBA loan is made by the Company, bids are
solicited from secondary market investors and the loan is normally sold to the highest bidder. While there were no loans
classified as held for sale at December 31, 2014, the Company has originated approximately 5.0 million in SBA 7a loans, of which 3.8 million is guaranteed by the SBA. The Company does not currently plan on selling these loans, but it may
choose to do so in the future. Allowance for Loan Loss The allowance for loan loss is a reserve established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense, which represents managements best estimate of probable losses that exist within the loan
portfolio. The Allowance, in the judgment of management, is necessary to reserve for estimated loan losses and risks inherent in the loan portfolio. The Company s allowance for loan loss methodology includes allowance allocations calculated in
accordance with ASC Topic 310, Receivables and allowance allocations calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 450, Contingencies . Accordingly, the methodology is based on historical loss experiences by type of credit, specific
homogeneous risk pools, and specific loss allocations, with adjustments for current events 
 123

Table of Contents 

and conditions. During the 4 th quarter of 2012, management enhanced its allowance methodology to expand the number of loan segments evaluated for historical losses and utilized peer historical loss data to evaluate potential loss
exposure for those loan segments where the Company had no historical loss experience. There was no change in the quantitative effect on the portfolio segments. In loan segments where the Company has no historical loss experience, the loss experience
of the Company s peer banks, as reflected in the Uniform Bank Peer Report UPBR has been utilized. The Company s process for determining the appropriate level of the allowance for loan loss is designed to account for credit
deterioration as it occurs. The provision for loan losses reflects loan quality trends, including the levels of and trends related to non-accrual, past due, potential problem and criticized loans. Net charge-offs and recoveries, are also factored
into the provision for loan losses. The provision for loan losses also reflects the totality of actions taken on all loans for a particular period. In other words, the amount of the provision reflects not only the necessary increases in the
allowance for loan loss related to newly identified criticized loans, but it also reflects actions taken related to other loans including, among other things, any necessary increases or decreases in required allowance for specific loans or loan
pools. The level of the Allowance reflects management s continuing evaluation of industry concentrations, specific
credit risks, loan loss experience, current loan portfolio quality, present economic, political and regulatory conditions and unidentified losses inherent in the current loan portfolio. Portions of the Allowance may be allocated for specific
credits; however, the entire allowance is available for any credit that, in management s judgment, should be charged off. While management utilizes its best judgment and information available, the ultimate adequacy of the Allowance is dependent
upon a variety of factors beyond the Company s control, including among other things, the performance of the Company s loan portfolio, the economy, changes in interest rates and the view of the regulatory authorities toward loan
classifications. The following is a summary of activity for the allowance for loan loss for the dates and periods indicated
(dollars in thousands): 

December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Allowance for loan loss at beginning of year 

10,603 

8,803 

7,495 

Provision for loan losses 

2,239 

2,852 

1,768 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries: 

Charge-offs 

(692) 

(1,912) 

(687) 
 
 Recoveries 

460 

860 

227 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries 

(232) 

(1,052) 

(460) 

Allowance for loan loss at end of year 

12,610 

10,603 

8,803 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries to average loans 

(0.02) 

(0.12) 

(0.08) 
 
 Allowance for loan loss to total loans 

0.78 

1.14 

1.03 

Allowance for loan loss to total loans accounted for at historical cost, which excludes purchased loans acquired by
acquisition 

1.39 

1.50 

1.54 
 
 The allowance for losses on unfunded loan commitments to extend credit is primarily related to commercial
lines of credit and construction loans. The amount of unfunded loan commitments at December 31, 2014 and 2013 was 719.6 million and 345.9 million, respectively. The inherent risk associated with a loan is evaluated at the same time the credit
is extended. However, the allowance held for the commitments is reported in other liabilities within the accompanying balance sheets and not as part of the allowance for loan loss in the above table. The allowance for the loss on unfunded loan
commitments to extend credit was 471,000 and 329,000 at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 
 124

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents, by loan portfolio segment, the changes in the allowance for
loan loss for the dates and periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Commercial and Industrial 

Construction, Land Development and Other Land 

Commercial and Other
Real Estate 

Other 

Total 

Year ended December 31 2014 

Allowance for loan loss Beginning balance 

5,534 

1,120 

3,886 

63 

10,603 

Provision for loan losses 

595 

564 

883 

197 

2,239 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries: 

Charge-offs 

(619) 

(73) 

(692) 
 
 Recoveries 

354 

106 

460 

Total net (charge-offs) recoveries 

(265) 

33 

(232) 

Ending balance 

5,864 

1,684 

4,802 

260 

12,610 

Commercial and Industrial 

Construction, Land Development and Other Land 

Commercial and Other
Real Estate 

Other 

Total 

Year ended December 31 2013 

Allowance for loan loss Beginning balance 

4,572 

2,035 

2,084 

112 

8,803 

Provision for loan losses 

2,596 

(1,678) 

1,990 

(56) 

2,852 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries: 

Charge-offs 

(1,704) 

(200) 

(8) 

(1,912) 
 
 Recoveries 

70 

763 

12 

15 

860 

Total net (charge-offs) recoveries 

(1,634) 

763 

(188) 

7 

(1,052) 

Ending balance 

5,534 

1,120 

3,886 

63 

10,603 

The following table presents both the allowance for loan loss and the associated loan balance classified
by loan portfolio segment and by credit evaluation methodology (dollars in thousands): 

Commercial and Industrial 

Construction, Land Development 
 and Other Land 

Commercial and Other
Real Estate 

Other 

Total 

December 31, 2014 

Allowance for loan loss: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

222 

222 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

5,642 

1,684 

4,802 

260 

12,388 

Purchased credit impaired (loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality) 

Total Allowance for Loan Loss 

5,864 

1,684 

4,802 

260 

12,610 

Loans receivable: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

1,914 

737 

2,651 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

525,910 

72,223 

993,195 

28,359 

1,619,687 

Purchased credit impaired (loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality) 

693 

1,692 

2,385 

Total Loans Receivable 

528,517 

72,223 

995,624 

28,359 

1,624,723 

125

Table of Contents 

Commercial and Industrial 

Construction, Land Development 
 and Other Land 

Commercial and Other
Real Estate 

Other 

Total 

December 31, 2013 

Allowance for loan loss: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

4 

4 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

5,520 

1,120 

3,886 

63 

10,589 

Purchased credit impaired (loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality) 

10 

10 

Total Allowance for Loan Loss 

5,534 

1,120 

3,886 

63 

10,603 

Loans receivable: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

2,640 

3,680 

6,320 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

295,787 

47,074 

561,952 

17,733 

922,546 

Purchased credit impaired (loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality) 

1,046 

3,282 

4,328 

Total Loans Receivable 

299,473 

47,074 

568,914 

17,733 

933,194 

Credit Quality of Loans The Company utilizes an internal loan classification system as a means of reporting problem and potential problem loans. Under the Company s loan risk rating system, loans are classified as
 Pass, with problem and potential problem loans as Special Mention, Substandard Doubtful and Loss . Individual loan risk ratings are updated continuously or at any time the situation
warrants. In addition, management regularly reviews problem loans to determine whether any loan requires a classification change, in accordance with the Company s policy and applicable regulations. The grading analysis estimates the capability
of the borrower to repay the contractual obligations of the loan agreements as scheduled or at all. The internal loan classification risk grading system is based on experiences with similarly graded loans. 
 The Company s internally assigned grades are as follows: 

Pass loans which are protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the value of the underlying collateral. There
are several different levels of Pass rated credits, including Watch which is considered a transitory grade for pass rated loans that require greater monitoring. Loans not meeting the criteria of special mention, substandard, doubtful or
loss that have been analyzed individually as part of the above described process are considered to be pass-rated loans. 

Special Mention loans where a potential weakness or risk exists, which could cause a more serious problem if not corrected. Special Mention
loans do not currently expose the Company to sufficient risk to warrant classification as a Substandard, Doubtful or Loss classification, but possess weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. 

Substandard loans that have a well-defined weakness based on objective evidence and can be characterized by the distinct possibility that the
Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

Doubtful loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard with the added characteristic that the
weaknesses present make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. 

Loss loans classified as a loss are considered uncollectible, or of such value that continuance as an asset is not warranted.
 
 126

Table of Contents 

 The following tables present the risk category of loans by class of loans based on the most
recent internal loan classification as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

December 31, 2014 
 
 Commercial and Industrial 

Construction, Land Development and Other Land 

Commercial and Other
Real Estate 

Other 

Total 

Pass 

502,624 

72,223 

977,525 

28,358 

1,580,730 

Special Mention 

8,738 

4,878 

13,616 

Substandard 

17,155 

13,221 

1 

30,377 

Doubtful 

Total 

528,517 

72,223 

995,624 

28,359 

1,624,723 

December 31, 2013 
 
 Commercial and Industrial 

Construction, Land Development and Other Land 

Commercial and Other
Real Estate 

Other 

Total 

Pass 

289,594 

47,074 

547,600 

17,731 

901,999 

Special Mention 

1,540 

2,613 

4,153 

Substandard 

8,339 

18,701 

2 

27,042 

Doubtful 

Total 

299,473 

47,074 

568,914 

17,733 

933,194 

Age Analysis of Past Due and Non-Accrual Loans 
 The following tables present an aging analysis of the recorded investment in past due and non-accrual loans as of the dates indicated
(dollars in thousands): 

December 31, 2014 
 
 31-60 Days Past Due 

61-90 Days Past Due 

Greater than 90 Days Past Due and Accruing 

Total Past Due and Accruing 

Total Non Accrual 

Current 

Total Loans 

Commercial and Industrial 

192 

233 

425 

2,604 

525,488 

528,517 

Construction, Land Development and Other Land 

72,223 

72,223 

Commercial and Other Real Estate 

354 

354 

1,305 

993,965 

995,624 

Other 

28,359 

28,359 

Total 

546 

233 

0 

779 

3,909 

1,620,035 

1,624,723 

December 31, 2013 
 
 31-60 Days Past Due 

61-90 Days Past Due 

Greater than 90 Days Past Due and Accruing 

Total Past Due and Accruing 

Total Non Accrual 

Current 

Total Loans 

Commercial and Industrial 

241 

241 

3,682 

295,550 

299,473 

Construction, Land Development and Other Land 

47,074 

47,074 

Commercial and Other Real Estate 

5,874 

563,040 

568,914 

Other 

17,733 

17,733 

Total 

241 

241 

9,556 

923,397 

933,194 

127

Table of Contents 

 Included in the non-accrual column above are purchased credit impaired loans of 1.3 million
and 3.2 million as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Included in the current column are purchased credit impaired loans that have been returned to accrual status of 1.1 million as of December 31, 2014 and 2013. 
 Impaired Loans Impaired
loans are evaluated by comparing the fair value of the collateral, if the loan is collateral dependent, and the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, if the loan is not collateral
dependent. A valuation allowance is established for an impaired loan when the fair value of the loan is less than the
recorded investment. In certain cases, portions of impaired loans are charged-off to realizable value instead of establishing a valuation allowance and are included, when applicable, in the table below as impaired loans with no specific
allowance recorded. The valuation allowance disclosed below is included in the allowance for loan loss reported in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013. 
 The following tables include the recorded investment and unpaid principal balances for impaired loans with the associated allowance
amount, if applicable for the dates and periods indicated (dollars in thousands). This table excludes purchased credit impaired loans (loans acquired in acquisitions with deteriorated credit quality) of 2.4 million and 4.3 million at
December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Year ended December 31, 2014 

Recorded Investment 

Unpaid Principal Balance 

Related Allowance 

Average Recorded Investment 

Interest Income Recognized 

With no specific allowance recorded: 

Commercial and Industrial 

520 

609 

869 

Commercial and Other Real Estate 

737 

739 

1,058 

With an allowance recorded: 

Commercial and Industrial 

1,394 

1,546 

222 

1,428 

Total 

Commercial and Industrial 

1,914 

2,155 

222 

2,297 

Commercial and Other Real Estate 

737 

739 

1,058 

Total 

2,651 

2,894 

222 

3,355 

Year ended December 31, 2013 

Recorded Investment 

Unpaid Principal Balance 

Related Allowance 

Average Recorded Investment 

Interest Income Recognized 

With no specific allowance recorded: 

Commercial and Industrial 

2,540 

5,347 

1,835 

Construction, Land Development and Other Land 

879 

Commercial and Other Real Estate 

3,680 

6,112 

4,216 

With an allowance recorded: 

Commercial and Industrial 

100 

355 

4 

137 

Total 

Commercial and Industrial 

2,640 

5,702 

4 

1,972 

Construction, Land Development and Other Land 

879 

Commercial and Other Real Estate 

3,680 

6,112 

4,216 

Total 

6,320 

11,814 

4 

7,067 

128

Table of Contents 

 The following is a summary of additional information pertaining to impaired loans for the
periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Average recorded investment in impaired loans 

4,991 

7,067 

Interest foregone on impaired loans 

421 

710 

Cash collections applied to reduce principal balance 

3,014 

5,057 

Interest income recognized on cash collections 

Troubled Debt Restructuring The Company s loan portfolio contains certain loans that have been modified in a troubled debt restructuring TDR ), where economic concessions have been granted to borrowers experiencing
financial difficulties. Loans are restructured in an effort to maximize collections. Economic concessions can include: reductions to the interest rate, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal or other actions. 
 The modification process includes evaluation of impairment based on the present value of expected future cash flows, discounted at the
contractual interest rate of the original loan agreement, except when the sole (remaining) source of repayment for the loan is the operation or liquidation of the loan collateral. In these cases, management uses the current fair value of the
collateral, less selling costs, to evaluate the loan for impairment. If management determines that the value of the modified loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan (net of previous charge-offs and unamortized premium or discount)
impairment is recognized through a specific allowance or a charge-off. The following tables include the recorded investment
and unpaid principal balances for TDR loans for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands). This table includes two TDR loans that were purchased credit impaired. As of December 31, 2014, these loans had a recorded investment of 204,000 and
unpaid principal balances of 384,000. 

Year ended December 31, 2014 
 
 Recorded Investment 

Unpaid Principal Balance 

Interest Income Recognized 

Commercial and Industrial 

530 

719 

Commercial and Other Real Estate 

114 

115 

Total 

644 

834 

Year ended December 31, 2013 

Commercial and Industrial 

541 

843 

Commercial and Other Real Estate 

2,173 

2,785 

Total 

2,714 

3,628 

129

Table of Contents 

 The following tables show the pre- and post-modification recorded investment in TDR loans by
type of modification and loan segment that have occurred during the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 2014 
 
 Number of Loans 

Pre-Modification Recorded Investment 

Post- Modification Recorded Investment 

Reduced Interest Rate and Lengthened Amortization: 

Commercial and Industrial 

1 

224 

224 

Commercial and Other Real Estate 

1 

114 

114 

Total 

2 

338 

338 

Year ended December 31, 2013 

Reduced Interest Rate and Lengthened Amortization: 

Commercial and Industrial 

1 

310 

310 

Commercial and Other Real Estate 

Total 

1 

310 

310 

Loans are restructured in an effort to maximize collections. There was no financial impact for specific
reserves or from charge-offs for the modified loans included in the table above. Impairment analyses are performed on the Company s TDR loans in conjunction with the normal allowance for loan loss process. The Company s TDR loans are
analyzed to ensure adequate cash flow or collateral supports the outstanding loan balance. There have been no payment
defaults in 2014 subsequent to modification on TDR loans that have been modified within the last twelve months. Loans Acquired Through
Acquisition The following table reflects the accretable net discount for loans acquired through acquisition, for the
periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Balance, beginning of year 

7,912 

12,189 

Accretion, included in interest income 

(3,023) 

(3,754) 
 
 Additions, due to acquisition 

16,562 

Sold acquired loans 

Reclassifications to non-accretable yield 

(49) 

(523) 

Balance, end of year 

21,402 

7,912 

The above table reflects the fair value adjustment on the loans acquired from mergers that will be
amortized to loan interest income based on the effective yield method over the remaining life of the loans. These amounts do not include the fair value adjustments on the purchased credit impaired loans acquired from mergers. 
 Purchased Credit Impaired Loans PCI loans are acquired loans with evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination and it is probable at the acquisition date, that the Company will not be able to collect all contractually
required amounts. 
 130

Table of Contents 

 When the timing and/or amounts of expected cash flows on such loans are not reasonably
estimable, no interest is accreted and the loan is reported as a non-accrual loan; otherwise, if the timing and amounts of expected cash flows for PCI loans are reasonably estimable, then interest is accreted and the loans are reported as accruing
loans. The non-accretable difference represents the difference between the undiscounted contractual cash flows and the
undiscounted expected cash flows, and also reflects the estimated credit losses in the acquired loan portfolio at the acquisition date and can fluctuate due to changes in expected cash flows during the life of the PCI loans. 
 The following table reflects the outstanding balance and related carrying value of PCI loans as of the dates indicated (dollars in
thousands): 

December 31, 2014 

December 31, 2013 

Unpaid Principal Balance 

Carrying Value 

Unpaid Principal Balance 

Carrying Value 

Commercial and Industrial 

1,205 

693 

1,599 

1,046 

Commercial and Other Real Estate 

3,018 

1,692 

5,611 

3,282 

Other 

62 

Total 

4,285 

2,385 

7,210 

4,328 

The following table reflects the activities in the accretable net discount for PCI loans for the period
indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2014 

Year Ended December 31, 2013 

Balance, beginning of year 

395 

9 

Accretion, included in interest income 

(71) 

(33) 
 
 Reclassifications from non-accretable yield 

419 

Balance, end of year 

324 

395 

Note 7 Premises and Equipment and Lease Commitments 
 Premises and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The following major
classifications of premises and equipment are summarized as follows as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Furniture and equipment 

8,489 

5,252 

Leasehold improvements 

7,009 

6,730 

Total 

15,498 

11,982 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

(10,121) 

(8,451) 

Total 

5,377 

3,531 

Total depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 was 1.0 million,
 1.1 million, and 1.0 million , respectively. 
 131

Table of Contents 

 The following is a schedule of future minimum lease payments for operating leases for office
and branch space based upon obligations at December 31, 2014 (dollars in thousands): 

Year 
 
 Amount 

2015 

3,186 

2016 

3,034 

2017 

2,981 

2018 

2,162 

2019 

2,006 

Thereafter 

6,066 

Total 

19,435 

Total rental expense on facilities for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was 2.2
million, 2.2 million , and 1.8 million, respectively. 
 Note 8 Goodwill, Core Deposit and Leasehold Right Intangibles 
 Goodwill At December 31, 2014, the Company had goodwill of 64.0 million, of which 51.7 million was related to the 1 st Enterprise merger. See Note 2 Business Combinations. The following table presents changes in the carrying value
of goodwill for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Balance, beginning of year 

12,292 

12,292 

Goodwill acquired during the year 

51,658 

Impairment losses 

Balance, end of year 

63,950 

12,292 

Accumulated impairment losses at end of year 

The Company s goodwill was evaluated for impairment during the fourth quarter of 2014, with no
impairment loss recognition considered necessary. 
 132

Table of Contents 

 Core Deposit Intangibles CDI 
 The weighted average amortization period remaining for our core deposit intangibles is 7.2 years. The estimated aggregate amortization
expense related to these intangible assets for each of the next five years is 1.7 million, 1.3 million, 1.1 million, 936,000, and 692,000. The Company s core deposit intangibles were evaluated for impairment at December 31, 2014,
taking into consideration the actual deposit runoff of acquired deposits to the level of deposit runoff expected at the date of merger. Based on the Company s evaluation, no impairment has taken place on the core deposit intangibles. The
following table presents the changes in the gross amounts of core deposit intangibles and the related accumulated amortization for the dates and periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Gross amount of CDI: 

Balance, beginning of year 

2,103 

2,103 

1,098 

Additions due to acquisitions 

7,143 

0 

1,005 

Balance, end of year 

9,246 

2,103 

2,103 

Accumulated Amortization: 

Balance, beginning of year 

(665) 

(356) 

(137) 
 
 Amortization 

(391) 

(309) 

(219) 

Balance, end of year 

(1,056) 

(665) 

(356) 

Net CDI, end of year 

8,190 

1,438 

1,747 

Leasehold Right Intangibles 
 The leasehold right intangibles represent the difference between the fair value of the Company s leases at
acquisition and the contractual lease payments over the term of the leases. The Company recorded a leasehold right intangible of 390,000 related to the Los Angeles headquarter lease as part of the 1 st Enterprise merger. The recorded value of the Company s
leasehold right intangibles at December 31, 2014 was 1.4 million. The amortization of the leasehold right intangibles
is recorded within the income statement under occupancy expense. The net amortization of the leasehold right intangible assets and liabilities resulted in expense of 142,000, income of 313,000 and 315,000 for the years ended December 31,
2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 Note 9 Bank Owned Life Insurance 
 At December 31, 2014 and 2013 the Company had 38.7 million and 21.2 million, respectively
of Bank-Owned Life Insurance BOLI ). The Company recorded non-interest income associated with the BOLI policies of 660,000, 617,000 and 267,000 for the years ending December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The increase in
the Company s balance in 2014 by 17.5 million to 38.7 million was from the 16.9 million BOLI policies acquired from
1 st Enterprise and a 618,000 increase in the cash
surrender value of the policies during 2014. The increase in the Company s balance in 2013 by 617,000 to 21.2 million was from the increase in the cash surrender value of the policies during 2013. 
 BOLI involves the purchasing of life insurance by the Company on a selected group of employees where the Company is the owner and
beneficiary of the policies. BOLI is recorded as an asset at its cash surrender value. Increases in the cash surrender value of these policies, as well as a portion of the insurance proceeds received, are recorded in noninterest income and are not
subject to income tax, as long as they are held for the life of the covered parties. At December 31, 2014, the 38.7 million was allocated between seven individual insurance 
 133

Table of Contents 

companies, with balances ranging from approximately 1 to 32 of the Company s outstanding BOLI balances. On an annual basis, the Company reviews the financial stability and ratings of all
the individual insurance companies to ensure they are adequately capitalized, and that there is minimal risk to the BOLI assets. 
 Note 10 Investment in California Organized Investment Network COIN 
 During 2013, the Company made investments of 1.1 million in 60 month term, 0 interest rate deposits. The Company made
a 1.0 million investment with Rural Community Assistance Corporation RCAC ), that generated a 200,000 tax credit, and a 75,000 investment with Pacific Coast Regional Small Business Development Corporation PCR that
generated a 15,000 tax credit. These investments qualified the Company for a 215,000 Qualified Investment Tax Credit that was applied to the Company s 2013 and 2014 tax provision. During 2009, the Company made an investment in a 1.0 million,
60 month term, 0 interest rate deposit with Clearinghouse CDFI Clearinghouse that qualified the Company for a 200,000 Qualified Investment Tax Credit. Both investments made in 2013 and the one investment made in 2009 qualified as
Community Redevelopment Act CRA investments under CRA investment guidelines. All three entities, the RCAC, the
PCR and the Clearinghouse are certified Community Development Financial Institutions CDFI as defined and recognized by the United States Department of Treasury and are defined and recognized by the California Organized Investment
Network COIN within the California Department of Insurance. Based on these investments being certified by the
California Department of Insurance, the investments made in 2013 qualified for a 20 or 215,000 State of California income tax credit in the year made. If the Company were to redeem this deposit prior to its contractual and stated maturity date,
the Company would lose the benefit of the tax credit taken in prior years. The investment, to qualify for this specific tax credit, must be for a minimum term of sixty months. In addition, the tax credit is required to be applied during the year in
which the investments were made. The deposit made in 2013 matures in 2018, while the deposit made in 2009 matured in 2014. These deposits are not insured by the FDIC, and are included in other assets on the balance sheet of the Company. The
Company s intentions are to hold these investments to their contractual maturity dates. These investments were also made to meet CRA investment goals. 
 Note 11 Qualified Affordable Housing Project Investments 
 The Company s investment in Qualified Affordable Housing Projects that generate Low Income Housing Tax Credits at
December 31, 2014 was 4.1 million with a recorded liability of 2.5 million in funding obligations. The Company has invested in three separate LIHTC projects which provide the Company with CRA credit. Additionally, the investment in LIHTC
projects provides the Company with tax credits and with operating loss tax benefits over an approximately 10 year period. None of the original investment will be repaid. The tax credits and the operating loss tax benefits that are generated by each
of the properties are expected to exceed the total value of the investment made by the Company and provide a return on the investment between 5.0 to 6.0 . The investment in LIHTC projects is being accounted for using the proportional amortization
method, under which the Company amortizes the initial cost of the investment in proportion to the amount of the tax credits and other tax benefits received and recognizes the net investment performance in the income statement as a component of
income tax expense (benefit). See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Qualified Affordable
Housing Project Investments regarding how the Company accounts for its investments in LIHTC projects. The following
table presents the Company s original investment in the LIHTC projects, the current recorded investment balance, and the unfunded liability balance of each investment at December 31, 2014 and 2013. In addition, the table reflects the tax
credits and tax benefits recorded by the Company during 2014 and 2013, the 
 134

Table of Contents 

amortization of the investment and the net impact to the Company s income tax provision for 2014 and 2013. Also see Note 19 Income Tax, for the impact of these investments on the
Company s effective tax rate (dollars in thousands): 

Qualified Affordable Housing Projects at December 31, 2014 
 
 Original Investment Value 

Current Recorded Investment 

Unfunded Liability Obligation 

Tax Credits and Benefits (1) 

Amortization of Investments 
(2) 

Net Income Tax Benefit 

Enterprise Green Communities West II LP 

1,000 

704 

162 

127 

84 

43 

Enterprise Housing Partners Calgreen II Fund LP 

2,050 

1,588 

635 

229 

174 

55 

Enterprise Housing Partners XXIV LP 

2,000 

1,849 

1,685 

160 

112 

48 

Total Investments in Qualified Affordable Housing Projects 

5,050 

4,141 

2,482 

516 

370 

146 

Qualified Affordable Housing Projects at December 31, 2013 
 
 Original Investment Value 

Current Recorded Investment 

Unfunded Liability Obligation 

Tax Credits and Benefits (1) 

Amortization of Investments
(2) 

Net Income Tax Benefit 

Enterprise Green Communities West II LP 

1,000 

787 

190 

236 

160 

76 

Enterprise Housing Partners Calgreen II Fund LP 

2,050 

1,735 

1,817 

390 

314 

76 

Enterprise Housing Partners XXIV LP 

2,000 

1,988 

1,983 

14 

11 

3 

Total - Investments in Qualified Affordable Housing Projects 

5,050 

4,510 

3,990 

640 

485 

155 

(1) 
 The amounts reflected in this column represent both the tax credits, as well as the tax benefits generated by the Qualified Affordable Housing Projects operating loss
for the year. 

(2) 
 This amount reduces the tax credits and benefits generated by the Qualified Affordable Housing Projects. 
 The following table reflects the anticipated net income tax benefit that is expected to be recognized by the Company over the next
several years (dollars in thousands): 

Qualified Affordable Housing Projects 
 
 Enterprise Green Communities West
II LP 

Enterprise Housing Partners Calgreen II Fund LP 

Enterprise Housing Partners XXIV LP 

Total Net Income 
Tax Benefit 

Anticipated net income tax benefit less amortization of investments: 

2015 

44 

43 

53 

140 

2016 

43 

39 

55 

137 

2017 and thereafter 

245 

304 

414 

963 

Total anticipated net income tax benefit in Qualified Affordable Housing Projects 

332 

386 

522 

1,240 

Note 12 Deposits 
 At December 31, 2014, 84 customers maintained balances (aggregating all related accounts,
including multiple business entities and personal funds of business principals) in excess of 4 million. The aggregate amount of such deposits amounted to 859.2 million or approximately 44 of the Company s total customer deposit base. The
depositors are not concentrated in any industry or business. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company had reciprocal CDARS and ICS deposits that are classified as brokered deposits in regulatory reports. These reciprocal CDARS and ICS deposits are the only brokered deposits utilized by the Company, and the
Company considers these deposits to be core in nature. 
 135

Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 2014, 62.9 million out of total time deposits of 64.8 million mature
within one year. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company had certificates of deposit with balances 100,000 or more
of 60.7 million and 59.0 million, respectively, and certificates of deposits with balances 250,000 or more of 19.6 million and 20.5 million, respectively. The following table shows the maturity of the Company s time deposits of 100,000 or more at December 31, 2014. 

Maturity of Time Deposits of 100,000 or More 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Three months or less 

10,376 

Over three through six months 

16,476 

Over six through twelve months 

32,278 

Over twelve months 

1,605 

Total 

60,735 

includes
CDARS reciprocal time deposits of 100,000 or more. Total
CDARS reciprocal time deposits included in the table above are 29.4 million. 
 ICS Reciprocal Non-Interest Bearing Demand
Deposits During 2013 the Company began participating as a member of the Insured Cash Sweep ICS deposit program. Through ICS , the Company may accept non-interest bearing deposits in excess of the FDIC insured maximum from a depositor and place the deposits through the ICS network into other member banks in increments of less than the FDIC insured maximum in order to provide the depositor full FDIC insurance coverage. The Company receives
an equal dollar amount of deposits from other ICS member banks in exchange for the deposits the Company places into the ICS network. These deposits are recorded on the Company s balance sheet as ICS 
reciprocal deposits. At December 31, 2014, the ICS reciprocal deposits totaled 12.4 million. 
 CDARS Reciprocal Time Deposits 
 The Company participates and is a member of the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service (CDARS deposit product program. Through CDARS , the Company may accept deposits in excess of the FDIC insured maximum from a depositor and place the deposits through a network to other CDARS member banks in increments of less than the FDIC insured maximum to provide the depositor full FDIC insurance
coverage. Where the Company receives an equal dollar amount of deposits from other CDARS member banks in
exchange for the deposits the Company places into the network, the Company records these as CDARS reciprocal
deposits. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, CDARS reciprocal deposits totaled 29.9 million and 28.9
million, respectively. 
 Note 13 Borrowings and Subordinated Debentures 
 Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase The Company enters into certain transactions, the legal form of which are sales of securities under agreements to repurchase Repos at a later date at a set price. Securities sold under
agreements to repurchase generally mature within one day to 180 days from the issue date and are routinely renewed. As
discussed in Note 5 Investment Securities, the Company has pledged certain investments as collateral for these agreements. Securities with a fair market value of 32.3 million and 11.8 million were pledged to
 
 136

Table of Contents 

secure the Repos at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. The Company segregates both the principal and accrued interest on these securities with the Company s
third party safekeeping custodians. All principal and interest payments on the investment securities that are pledged as collateral on the Repo program are received directly by the safekeeping custodian. 
 The tables below describe the terms and maturity of the Company s securities sold under agreements to repurchase as of the dates
indicated (dollars in thousands): 

December 31, 2014 

Date Issued 
 
 Amount 

Interest Rate 

Original Term 

Maturity Date 

December 31, 2014 

9,411 

0.13 0.25 

2 days 

January 2, 2015 

Total 

9,411 

0.20 

December 31, 2013 

Date Issued 
 
 Amount 

Interest Rate 

Original Term 

Maturity Date 

December 3, 2013 

750 

0.10 

62 days 

February 3, 2014 

December 31, 2013 

10,391 

0.10 0.40 

2 days 

January 2, 2014 

Total 

11,141 

0.30 

Federal Home Loan Bank Borrowings The Company maintains a secured credit facility with the FHLB, allowing the Company to borrow on an overnight and term basis. The Company s credit facility with the FHLB is 362.6 million, which
represents approximately 25 of the Bank s total assets, as reported by the Bank in its September 30, 2014 FFIEC Call Report. As of December 31, 2014, the Company had 700 million of loan collateral pledged with the FHLB which provides 463 million in borrowing capacity. The Company has 23.3 million in investment
securities pledged with the FHLB to support its credit facility. In addition, the Company must maintain an investment in the capital stock of the FHLB. The Company is required to purchase FHLB common stock to support its FHLB advances. Under the
FHLB Act, the FHLB has a statutory lien on the FHLB capital stock that the Company owns and the FHLB capital stock serves as further collateral under the borrowing line. The Company had no outstanding advances (borrowings) with the FHLB as of December 31, 2014 or 2013. Interest on FHLB advances is generally paid monthly, quarterly or semi-annually depending on the terms of the advance, with principal and any accrued interest due at maturity. The Company had no FHLB
borrowings during 2014 or 2013, except for the annual testing of the borrowing lines. The Company is required to purchase FHLB common stock to support its FHLB advances. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company had 8.0 million and 4.7
million of FHLB common stock, respectively. The current value of the FHLB common stock of 8.0 million would support FHLB advances up to 170.5 million. Any advances from the FHLB in excess of 170.5 million would require additional purchases of
FHLB common stock. The FHLB has historically repurchased a portion to all of its excess capital from
each bank where the level of capital is in excess of that bank s current average borrowings above a certain minimum. The FHLB s program whereby the FHLB analyzes each member bank s capital requirement and returns each bank s
excess capital above a certain minimum not needed for current borrowings resulted in the repurchase of the Company s FHLB common stock during 2013 and 2012 by the FHLB. The FHLB repurchased 0, and 150,300 of the Company s investment in
FHLB capital stock during 2014 and 2013, respectively. The Company acquired FHLB capital stock of 3.8 million in 2014 from the acquisition of 1 st Enterprise. 
 137

Table of Contents 

 The FHLB has paid or declared dividends on its capital stock for all four quarters of the
years ending December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. Subordinated Debentures 
 The following table summarizes the terms of each issuance of subordinated debentures outstanding as of December 31, 2014: 

Series 
 
 Amount (in 
thousands) 

Issuance Date 

Maturity Date 

Rate Index 

Current Rate 

Next Reset Date 

Trust I 

6,186 

12/10/04 

03/15/35 

3 month LIBOR+2.05 

2.291 

3/17/15 

Trust II 

3,093 

12/23/05 

03/15/36 

3 month LIBOR+1.75 

1.991 

3/17/15 

Trust III 

3,093 

06/30/06 

09/15/36 

3 month LIBOR+1.85 

2.091 

3/17/15 

Subtotal 

12,372 

Unamortized fair value adjustment 

(2,834) 

Net 

9,538 

The Company had an aggregate outstanding contractual balance of 12.4 million in subordinated debentures
at December 31, 2014. These subordinated debentures were acquired as part of the PC Bancorp merger and were issued to trusts originally established by PC Bancorp, which in turn issued trust preferred securities. These subordinated debentures
were issued in three separate series. Each issuance had a maturity of 30 years from their approximate date of issue. All three subordinated debentures are variable rate instruments that reprice quarterly based on the three month LIBOR plus a margin
(see tables above). All three subordinated debentures had their interest rates reset in December 2014 at the current three month LIBOR plus their index, and will continue to reprice quarterly through their maturity date. All three subordinated
debentures are currently callable at par with no prepayment penalties. The original fair value adjustment related to the
subordinated debentures was 3.3 million. The Company recorded 159,000 and 209,700 in amortization expense related to the fair value adjustment in 2014 and 2013, respectively. At December 31, 2014 the Company is estimating a remaining life of
approximately 21 years on the subordinated debentures and is amortizing the fair value adjustment based on this estimated average remaining life. The Company is projecting annual amortization expense of approximately 159,000 related to the fair
value adjustment on the subordinated debentures. The Company currently includes in Tier 1 capital an amount of subordinated
debentures equal to no more than 25 of the sum of all core capital elements, which is generally defined as shareholders equity less goodwill, core deposit and leasehold right intangibles and a portion of the SBA servicing assets. See
Note 22 Regulatory Matters. Interest payments made by the Company on subordinated debentures are
considered dividend payments under FRB regulations. Notification to the FRB is required prior to the Company declaring and paying a dividend during any period in which the Company s quarterly net earnings are insufficient to fund the dividend
amount. This notification requirement is included in regulatory guidance regarding safety and soundness surrounding capital and includes other non-financial measures such as asset quality, financial condition, capital adequacy, liquidity, future
earnings projections, capital planning and credit concentrations. Should the FRB object to the dividend payments, the Company would be precluded from paying interest on the subordinated debentures after giving notice within 15 days before the
payment date. Payments would not commence until approval is received or the Company no longer needs to provide notice under applicable guidance. The Company has the right, assuming no default has occurred, to defer payments of interest on the
subordinated debentures at any time for a period not to exceed 20 consecutive quarters. The Company has not deferred any interest payments. 
 138

Table of Contents 

 Short-term Borrowings Details regarding the Company s short-term borrowings for the dates and periods indicated are reflected in the table below (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Balance 

Average Balance 

Weighted Average Rate 

Balance 

Average Balance 

Weighted Average Rate 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

9,411 

13,579 

0.25 

11,141 

24,376 

0.30 
 
 The maximum amount of short-term borrowings outstanding at any month-end was 15.7 million and 30.0
million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. 
 Note 14 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 The Company is exposed to certain risks relating to its ongoing business operations and utilizes
interest rate swap agreements swaps as part of its asset/liability management strategy to help manage its interest rate risk position. At December 31, 2014, the Company has thirteen interest rate swap agreements with customers and
thirteen offsetting interest-rate swaps with a counterparty bank that were acquired as a result of the merger with
1 st Enterprise on November 30, 2014. The swap
agreements are not designated as hedging instruments. The purpose of entering into offsetting derivatives not designated as a hedging instrument is to provide the Company a variable-rate loan receivable and provide the customer the financial effects
of a fixed-rate loan without creating significant volatility in the Company s earnings. The
structure of the swaps is as follows: The Company enters into a swap with its customers to allow them to convert variable rate loans to fixed rate loans, and at the same time, the Company enters into a swap with the counterparty bank to allow the
Company to pass on the interest-rate risk associated with fixed rate loans. The net effect of the transaction allows the Company to receive interest on the loan from the customer at a variable rate based on LIBOR plus a spread. The changes in the
fair value of the swaps primarily offset each other and therefore should not have a significant impact on the Company s results of operations. Our interest rate swap derivatives acquired from 1 st Enterprise are subject to a master netting arrangement with one
counterparty bank. None of our derivative assets and liabilities are offset in the balance sheet. We
believe our risk of loss associated with our counterparty borrowers related to interest rate swaps is mitigated as the loans with swaps are underwritten to take into account potential additional exposure, although there can be no assurances in this
regard since the performance of our swaps is subject to market and counterparty risk. At December 31, 2014, the total notional amount of the Company s swaps acquired from 1 st Enterprise was 35.7 million. Balance Sheet Classification of Derivative Financial Instruments Acquired from
1 st Enterprise Bank 
 The following table presents the fair values of the asset and liability of the Company s derivative instruments
acquired from 1 st Enterprise as of December 31, 2014
(dollars in thousands): 

Asset Derivatives 

Liability Derivatives 

December 31, 2014 

December 31, 2014 

Interest rate swap contracts fair value 

719 

719 

Balance sheet location 

Accrued Interest Receivable and Other Assets 

Accrued Interest 
 Payable and Other Liabilities 

139

Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 2014, the Company also has twenty two pay-fixed, receive-variable,
interest rate contracts that are designed to convert fixed rate loans into variable rate loans. The Company acquired these interest rate swap contracts on July 31, 2012 as a result of the merger with PC Bancorp. At December 31, 2014,
twenty-two of the original twenty-four interest rate swap contracts acquired from the PC Bancorp acquisition are outstanding. 
 The Company, as part of its acquisition of PC Bancorp, had to formally document all relationships between the hedging instruments and the
hedged items, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for re-designating the interest rate swap contract as a hedge transaction. This process included linking all derivatives that were designated as fair value hedges to specific assets
on the balance sheet. The Company also formally assesses the hedge s current effectiveness in offsetting changes in the fair values of the hedged items. On an ongoing basis, the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are evaluated as
to how effective they are in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. At December 31, 2014, the twenty-two hedging relationships are determined to be effective. 
 Prior to the merger with PC Bancorp, the Company did not utilize interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate risk position. All of
the interest rate swap contracts acquired from PC Bancorp are with the same counterparty bank. The total notional amount of the outstanding swap contracts as of December 31, 2014 is 29.3 million. The outstanding swaps have original maturities
of up to 15 years. Balance Sheet Classification of Derivative Financial Instruments Acquired from PC Bancorp 
 The following table presents the notional amount and the fair values of the asset and liability of the Company s derivative
instruments acquired from PC Bancorp as of the dates and periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Liability Derivatives 

December 31, 2014 

December 31, 2013 

Fair Value Hedges 

Total interest rate contacts notional amount 

29,289 

31,914 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 

Interest rate swap contracts fair value 

519 

738 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 

Interest rate swap contracts fair value 

2,277 

3,205 

Total interest rate contracts fair value 

2,796 

3,943 

Balance sheet location 

Accrued Interest Payable and Other Liabilities 

Accrued Interest Payable and Other Liabilities 

140

Table of Contents 

 The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Income 
 The following table summarizes the effect of derivative financial instruments on the consolidated statements of income for the periods
indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Year
Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 

Interest rate swap contracts loans 

Increase in fair value of interest rate swap contracts 

219 

306 

Payments on interest rate swap contracts on loans 

(273) 

(289) 

Net increase (decrease) in other non-interest income 

(54) 

17 

Interest rate swap contracts subordinated debenture 

Increase in fair value of interest rate swap contracts 

70 

Payments on interest rate swap contracts on subordinated debentures 

(70) 

Net increase in other non-interest income 

Net increase (decrease) in other non-interest income 

(54) 

17 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 

Interest rate swap contracts loans 

Increase in fair value of interest rate swap contracts 

927 

1,719 

Increase (decrease) in fair value of hedged loans 

315 

(554) 
 
 Payments on interest rate swap contracts on loans 

(1,256) 

(1,294) 

Net (decrease) in interest income on loans 

(14) 

(129) 

The interest rate swap contract originally associated with the subordinated debenture that was scheduled
to mature in June 2013 was liquidated prior to maturity during the first quarter of 2013. Under all of the Company s
interest rate swap contracts, the Company is required to pledge and maintain collateral for the credit support under these agreements. At December 31, 2014, the Company had 1.1 million in investment securities, 2.7 million in certificates of
deposit and 1.7 million in non-interest bearing balances for a total of 5.5 million with two counterparty banks. Of this amount, 4.1 million is pledged as collateral. 
 Note 15 Balance Sheet Offsetting 
 Assets and liabilities relating to certain financial instruments, including derivatives, and
securities sold under repurchase agreements Repos ), may be eligible for offset in the consolidated balance sheets as permitted under accounting guidance. The Company s interest rate swap derivatives that were acquired from PC
Bancorp and 1 st Enterprise are subject to master bilateral
netting and offsetting arrangements under specific conditions as defined within master agreements governing all interest rate swap contracts that the Company and the counterparty banks have entered into. In addition, the master agreements under
which the interest rate contracts have been written require the pledging of assets by the Company based on certain risk thresholds. The Company has pledged as collateral, investment securities, a certificate of deposit and cash that is maintained in
a due from bank account. The pledged collateral under the swap agreements are reported in the Company s consolidated balance sheets, unless the Company defaults under the master agreement. The Company currently does not net or offset the
interest rate swap contracts in its consolidated balance sheets, as reflected within the table below. The Company s
securities sold under repurchase agreements represent transactions the Company has entered into with several individual deposit customers. These transactions represent the sale of securities on an overnight or on a term basis to our deposit
customers under an agreement to repurchase the securities from the 
 141

Table of Contents 

customers the next business day or at maturity. There is an individual contract for each customer with only one transaction per customer. There is no master agreement that provides for the
netting arrangement or the offsetting of these individual transactions or for the netting of collateral positions. The Company does not net or offset the Repos in its consolidated balance sheets as reflected within the table below. 
 The table below presents the Company s financial instruments that may be eligible for offsetting which include securities sold under
agreements to repurchase that have no enforceable master netting arrangement and derivative securities that could be offset in the consolidated financial statements due to an enforceable master netting arrangement (dollars in thousands): 

Gross Amounts Recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Net Amount (Collateral over liability balance required to be 
pledged) 

Financial Instruments 

Collateral Pledged 

December 31, 2014 

Financial Assets: 

Interest rate swap contracts fair value (see Note 14 Derivative Financial Instruments) 

719 

719 

719 

Total 

719 

719 

719 

Financial Liabilities: 

Interest rate swap contracts fair value (see Note 14 Derivative Financial Instruments) 

3,515 

3,515 

3,515 

4,150 

635 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

9,411 

9,411 

9,411 

32,304 

22,893 

Total 

12,926 

12,926 

12,926 

36,454 

23,528 

December 31, 2013 

Financial Liabilities: 

Interest rate swap contracts fair value (see Note 14 Derivative Financial Instruments) 

3,943 

3,943 

3,943 

4,194 

251 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

11,141 

11,141 

11,141 

11,750 

609 

Total 

15,084 

15,084 

15,084 

15,944 

860 

Note 16 Stock Options and Restricted Stock 
 Equity Compensation Plans The Company s 2007 Equity and Incentive Plan Equity Plan was adopted by the Company in 2007 and replaced two prior equity compensation plans. The Equity Plan provides for significant
flexibility in determining the types and terms of awards that may be made to participants. The Equity Plan was revised and approved by the Company s shareholders in 2011 and adopted by the Company as part of the Bank holding company
reorganization. This plan is designed to promote the interest of the Company in aiding the Company to attract 
 142

Table of Contents 

and retain employees, officers and non-employee directors who are expected to contribute to the future success of the organization. The Equity Plan is intended to provide participants with
incentives to maximize their efforts on behalf of the Company through stock-based awards that provide an opportunity for stock ownership. This plan provides the Company with a flexible equity incentive compensation program, which allows the Company
to grant stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock award units and performance units. Certain options and share awards provide for accelerated vesting, if there is a change in control, as defined in the Equity Plan. 
 Upon the adoption of the Equity Plan, the Company concurrently terminated both its earlier 2005 equity compensation plans. All the
remaining unissued shares of common stock under both 2005 equity compensation plans were rolled into the 2007 Equity and Incentive Plan. No further shares were issued under these older plans. All option shares issued under the existing plans remain
in force until the shares are either exercised, expire or are cancelled. The Equity Plan was amended and restated in 2014 to
(i) permit the grant of performance-based awards that are not subject to the deduction limitations of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, including both equity compensation awards and cash bonus payments, (ii) prohibit the
repricing of previously granted options; (iii) eliminate a provision of the Equity Plan that provides for an automatic annual increase in the shares of common stock available for awards under the Equity Plan; and (iv) extend the term of
the plan to July 31, 2024. Pursuant to the merger with 1 st Enterprise as discussed in Note 2 above, CU Bancorp adopted the
1 st Enterprise 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended 2006 Stock Incentive Plan ), as its own equity plan and all stock options granted by 1 st Enterprise thereunder were fully vested and exercisable and were converted to CU Bancorp stock options on substantially the same terms but adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio set forth in the
Merger Agreement and applicable Internal Revenue Code provisions and related regulations. No new equity awards will be granted under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. A total of 802,766 converted
1 st Enterprise stock options were adopted into CU Bancorp
stock options under the Equity Plan with a fair value of 9.6 million and an intrinsic value of 11.1 million at the merger date. Under the Equity Plan, there are a total of 1,490,547 shares authorized. A total of 855,083 shares have been issued out of the plan, with 64,041 of these issued shares subsequently cancelled and returned
back into the plan, leaving 699,505 available to be issued. All non-qualified and incentive stock options granted under the
current Equity Plan and the earlier 2005 equity compensation plans, have been issued with the exercise prices of the stock options equal to the fair market value of the underlying shares at the date of grant. 
 The Equity Plan and the original 2005 equity compensation plans provided for the issuance of non-qualified and incentive stock options.
These plans provided that each option must have an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the stock at the date of grant and terms to expiration not to exceed ten years. All options granted under the plans require continuous service
and have been issued with vesting increments of between 20 through 50 per year. All stock options issued under the original 2005 equity compensation plans that have not expired remain outstanding with no changes in their vesting, maturity
date or rights. During 2014, the Company had a combined federal and state tax benefit of 582,000, related to the vesting of
restricted stock and the exercise of stock options during 2014, of which 233,000 was related to restricted stock and 349,000 was related to stock options. This tax benefit was recorded to additional paid in capital during the year ending
December 31, 2014. During 2013, the Company had a combined federal and state tax benefit of 659,000, related to the
vesting of restricted stock and the exercise of stock options during 2013, of which 96,000 was related to restricted stock and 563,000 was related to stock options. This tax benefit was recorded to additional paid in capital during the year ending
December 31, 2013. 
 143

Table of Contents 

 During 2012, the Company had a combined federal and state tax deficiency of 57,000, related
to the vesting of restricted stock during 2012, of which 53,000 was recorded as additional tax expense and 4,000 was recorded to additional paid in capital. There were no tax benefits or deficiencies related to the exercise or cancellation of
stock options during 2012. At December 31, 2014, future compensation expense related to non-vested stock option and
restricted stock grants aggregated to the amounts reflected in the table below (dollars in thousands): 

Future Stock Based Compensation Expense 
 
 Stock Options 

Restricted Stock 

Total 

2015 

2 

1,946 

1,948 

2016 

1,034 

1,034 

2017 

323 

323 

2018 

93 

93 

Thereafter 

Total 

2 

3,396 

3,398 

The estimated fair value of both incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options granted in prior
years, have been calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. There have been no incentive stock options and no non-qualified stock options issued in 2012, 2013 or 2014. The following is the listing of the input variables and the
assumptions utilized by the Company for each parameter used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model in prior years: 
 Risk-free Rate The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option have been based on the U.S.
Treasury rate that matures on the expected assigned life of the option at the date of the grant. Expected Life of
Options The expected life of options have either been calculated using a formula from the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC for companies that do not have sufficient historical data to calculate the expected life, or from
the estimated life of options granted by the Company. The formula from the SEC calculation of expected life is specifically based on the following: the expected life of the option is equal to the average of the contractual life and the vesting
period of each option. Expected Volatility Beginning in 2009, the expected volatility has been based on the
historical volatility for the Company s shares. Dividend Yield The dividend yield has been based on
historical experience and expected future changes on dividend payouts. The Company has not declared or paid dividends on its common stock in the past and does not expect to declare or pay dividends on its common stock within the foreseeable future.
 
 144

Table of Contents 

 Stock Options There were no stock options granted by the Company in 2012, 2013 or 2014. The
following table summarizes the stock option activity under the plans for the year ended December 31, 2014: 

Shares 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (in years) 

Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in thousands)

Outstanding stock options at December 31, 2013 

434,740 

13.89 

2.1 

1,913 

Adoption of 1 ST Enterprise 2006 Stock Incentive Plan 

802,766 

7.84 

1.6 

11,121 

Granted 

Exercised 

(221,016) 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding stock options at December 31, 2014 

1,016,490 

10.13 

1.6 

11,770 

Exercisable options at December 31, 2014 

1,010,290 

10.12 

1.6 

11,711 

Unvested options at December 31, 2014 

6,200 

12.20 

2.3 

59 

Outstanding, vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2014 

1,016,490 

10.13 

1.6 

11,770 
 
 The Company recorded stock option expense of 10,000, 21,000 and 54,000, for the years ended
December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. During 2013, four executive officers of the Company elected and adopted
to exercise outstanding stock options under Rule 10b5-1(c)(1) 10b5 Plans under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Under the 10b5 Plans, the officers elected to sell a portion or all of their outstanding nonqualified and
incentive stock options that expire though May of 2015. A total of 320,764 stock options were made subject to the 10b5 Plans. Of the total 221,016 options that were exercised in 2014, 88,344 options were exercised under the 10b5 Plans. As of
December 31, 2014, there were no further options remaining under the 10b5 Plans to be exercised or sold. The total
intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 was 2.1 million and 2.3 million, respectively. No options were exercised in 2012. Restricted Stock The weighted-average grant-date fair value per
share in the table below is calculated by taking the total aggregate cost of the restricted shares issued divided by the number of shares of restricted stock issued. The aggregate cost of the restricted stock was calculated by multiplying the number
of shares granted at each of the grant dates by the closing stock price of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant. The following table summarizes the restricted stock activity under the Equity Plan for the year ended
December 31, 2014: 

Number of Shares 

Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value per
Share 

Restricted Stock: 

Unvested, at December 31, 2013 

266,050 

13.49 

Granted 

172,900 

19.39 

Vested 

(124,428) 

13.75 

Cancelled and forfeited 

(5,016) 

14.88 

Unvested, at December 31, 2014 

309,506 

16.66 

145

Table of Contents 

 Compensation expense of 1.7 million, 1.1 million, and 1.1 million was recorded related to
the above restricted stock grants for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Restricted stock awards are valued at the closing stock price on the date of grant and are expensed to stock based compensation expense over
the period for which the related service is performed. The aggregate fair value at the date of vesting of the 124,428 shares of restricted stock that vested in 2014 was 2.3 million. 
 Note 17 Supplemental Executive and Director Retirement Plans 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan The Company adopted a non-qualified supplemental executive retirement plan SERP for certain executives of the Company effective October 1, 2012. In addition, the Company acquired
several SERP plans from the 2012 PC Bancorp acquisition. These SERP plans provide the designated executives with retirement benefits. Pre-retirement survivor benefits are provided for designated beneficiaries of participants who do not survive until
retirement in an amount equal to the lump sum actuarial equivalent of the participant s accrued benefit under the SERP. The SERP is considered an unfunded plan for tax and ERISA purposes. All obligations arising under the SERP are payable from
the general assets of the Company. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the SERP plan had accrued liabilities of 3.2 million and 2.6 million, respectively. 
 As a result of its acquisition of 1 st Enterprise in 2014, the Company acquired a deferred compensation plan with a liability balance of 622,000 at
December 31, 2014. This deferred compensation plan was established in which eligible employees can elect to defer a percentage of salary of bonuses to be paid after terminating employment with the Company. Payments can be made in lump sum or
equal installments for as long as 10 years. A deferral account is established for each participant and the account will earn interest quarterly based on the Company s established crediting rate. Participants are immediately and 100 vested for
the amount of their deferral account. The Company acquired, as a result of its acquisition of PC Bancorp, a Supplemental
Employee Salary Continuation Plan, a Deferred Director Fee Plan, and a Split Dollar Employee Insurance Plan for certain executive officers and one Director of PC Bancorp. At December 31, 2014, the accrued liability of the PC Bancorp
Supplemental Employee Salary Plan was 1.6 million, and the accrued liability of the Deferred Director Fee Plan was 313,000. The Company recorded a total of 705,000, 661,000 and 217,000 in deferred salary compensation expense for the years ended
December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, related to the deferred compensation plans. Split Dollar Employee Insurance Plan
 The Company s accrued liability for the Split Dollar Employee Insurance Plan was 1.2 and 1.1 million at
December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The Company recorded split dollar life insurance expense of 38,000, 36,000, 47,000 in 2014, 2013 and 2012 respectively, related to the split dollar policies. 
 Note 18 - Defined Contribution Plan 401(k) 
 The Company has a 401(k) defined contribution plan for the benefit of its employees. The plan allows eligible employees
to contribute a portion of their income to a trust for investment on a pre-tax basis until retirement. Participants are 100 vested in their own deferrals. Effective as of January 1, 2013, the Company changed from a safe harbor election for
employer contributions to an employer match type of contribution for the benefit of the employees covered under the plan. During 2012, the Company made safe harbor non-elective employer contributions, to all employees
eligible under the plan. Under the employer match type of contribution that began in January of 2013, the Company has matched 0.50 on the dollar for every dollar the employee contributed to the plan, up to maximum of 4 of the employee s
eligible compensation. The dollar amount an individual employee may contribute to his plan has regulatory limits. 
 146

Table of Contents 

 For 2012, the Company elected to make safe harbor or Guaranteed Company
Contribution of 3 of salary to all employees. Safe harbor contributions are immediately vested. The decision to make a Guaranteed Company Contribution is made by the Company on an annual basis. 
 The Company s expense relating to the contributions made to the 401(k) plan for the benefit of its employees was 418,000, 431,000
and 383,000 for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. 
 Note 19 - Income Taxes 
 The Company s income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis plus Federal and California net operating
losses and credits. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which these temporary differences are expected to be realized, recovered and or settled. The effect on
the deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The future realization of any of the Company s deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of
sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (for example, ordinary income or capital gain) within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the tax law. Based on historical and future expected taxable earnings and available
tax strategies, the Company considers the future realization of these deferred tax assets more likely than not. The tax
effects from an uncertain tax position are recognized in the financial statements only if, based on its merits, the position is more likely than not to be sustained on audit by the taxing authorities. The Company believes that there are no material
uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recorded as part of other operating expense. Income tax expense (benefit) consists of the following (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Current provision 

Federal 

4,517 

1,669 

2,497 

State 

1,183 

238 

265 

Total current provision 

5,700 

1,907 

2,762 

Deferred provision (benefit) 

Federal 

382 

2,674 

(917) 
 
 State 

350 

427 

(180) 

Total deferred provision (benefit) 

732 

3,101 

(1,097) 

Total current and deferred provision 

6,432 

5,008 

1,665 

147

Table of Contents 

 The following is a summary of the components of the net deferred tax asset recognized in the
accompanying balance sheets as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Deferred Tax Assets 

Federal tax operating loss carryforward 

99 

317 

State tax operating loss carryforward 

162 

168 

Allowance for loan loss 

5,823 

4,726 

Purchase accounting and loan fair value adjustments 

9,430 

5,558 

Accruals and other liabilities 

1,457 

1,570 

Stock compensation and deferred compensation costs 

6,703 

3,145 

Net unrealized loss on securities available-for-sale 

143 

Start up, organizational and other costs 

612 

255 

Total deferred tax assets 

24,286 

15,882 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Net unrealized gain on securities available-for-sale 

(138) 

State tax liability 

(1,041) 

(1,270) 
 
 Unamortized fair value on subordinated debentures 

(1,310) 

(1,402) 
 
 Core deposit intangibles 

(3,754) 

(478) 
 
 Prepaid expense and other 

(1,524) 

(815) 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

(7,767) 

(3,965) 

Valuation allowance 

(15) 

(82) 

Deferred tax assets, net 

16,504 

11,835 

The Company s deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities include balances
associated with the acquisition of 1 st Enterprise in 2014,
PC Bancorp in 2012 and COSB in 2010, which are non-taxable business combinations. These balances represent temporary differences for which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized because the financial statement carrying amounts of the
acquired assets and assumed liabilities generally are their respective fair values at the date of the acquisition, whereas the tax basis equals the acquiree s former tax basis (carryover tax basis). 
 The largest component of the combined net federal and state deferred tax assets consist of the fair value purchase accounting adjustment
related to loans acquired in the mergers. The remaining deferred tax asset from the fair value purchase accounting adjustment on loans was 9.7 million at December 31, 2014 and 4.3 million at December 31, 2013. 
 The Company has federal net operating loss carryforwards attributable to the COSB acquisition of 282,000 and 906,000 and state net
operating loss carryforwards of 165,000 and 789,000 at December 31, 2014, and 2013, respectively. The decrease in both the federal and state net operating loss carryforwards was attributable to the Company being able to utilize 624,000 in
both federal and state net operating loss carryforwards in the 2014 tax provision. The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards from the COSB acquisition are subject to an annual limitation of 624,000 due to the ownership change on
December 31, 2010. These net operating losses expire in 2030. In addition, the Company has a state tax capital loss
carryforward acquired from the PC Bancorp acquisition of 54,000 at December 31, 2014 and 761,000 at December 31, 2013, and 707,000 of the 761,000 of capital loss carryforward at December 31, 2013 expired during 2014 and the
remaining expires in 2016. The Company has a 1.3 million state net operating loss carryforward at CU Bancorp that arose from
CU Bancorps s 2012 unconsolidated tax return. The ability to utilize this net operating loss is dependent upon 
 148

Table of Contents 

allocation of sufficient consolidated income to CU Bancorp in the future based on a three-factor formula. The Company was able to utilize an additional 1.3 million of federal net operating
losses and 7,000 of state net operating losses during 2013 that arose from CU Bancorp s unconsolidated 2012 operating loss. These net operating losses expire in 2032. Between the utilization of the COSB net operating loss carryforwards and the
CU Bancorp previously unconsolidated net operating loss carryforwards, the Company was able to effectively utilize approximately 624,000 federal and state net operating losses in 2014 and approximately 1.9 million in net federal and 631,000
state operating loss carryforwards during 2013. Due to the uncertainty surrounding the ability to fully utilize certain
California deferred tax assets, a valuation allowance has been established. The Company s investments in Qualified
Affordable Housing Projects generated low income housing tax credits and benefits net of investment amortization of 119,000 and 155,000 in 2014 and 2013, respectively. See Note 11- Investments in Qualified Affordable Housing Projects for a
discussion on the investments. The Company recorded an excess tax benefit related to the vesting of its restricted stock, the
exercise of non-qualifying stock options and the recording of disqualifying dispositions following the exercises of incentive stock options in 2014 and in 2013. The federal and state excess tax benefits associated with the vesting of restricted
stock was 232,000 and 96,000 during 2014 and 2013, respectively and was recorded to APIC. The federal and state excess tax benefit associated with exercise of non-qualified stock options was 287,000 and 359,000 during 2014 and 2013,
respectively, and was recorded to APIC. The federal and state tax benefit associated with the disqualifying disposition of incentive stock options exercised in 2014 was 63,000 and in 2013 was 355,000. In 2014, 63,000 of the tax benefit associated
with the disqualifying disposition of incentive stock options was recorded to APIC and 64,000 was recorded as a benefit to income tax expense. In 2013, 204,000 of the tax benefit associated with the disqualifying disposition of incentive stock
options was recorded to APIC and 151,000 was recorded as a benefit to income tax expense. The total excess tax benefits recorded to APIC related to restricted stock and stock options was 582,000 and 659,000 during 2014 and 2013, respectively.
 Included in the 2013 tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2013 was a tax benefit of 326,000 related to the
re-valuing of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities using a federal statutory rate of 34 in 2012 to 35 in 2013. This 1 change in the federal statutory rate positively impacted the 2013 provision by 326,000. The increase in the
statutory rate is due to increased profitability which causes the federal tax rate to move to the maximum bracket of 35 versus the 34 bracket utilized in prior years. The following table presents a reconciliation of the statutory income tax rate to the consolidated effective income tax rate for each of the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

For Years Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

2012 

Amount 

Percent 

Amount 

Percent 

Amount 

Percent 

Federal income tax expense at statutory rate 

5,369 

35.00 

5,178 

35.00 

1,187 

35.00 

State franchise taxes, net of federal benefit, excluding LIHTC investments 

1,209 

7.88 

524 

3.54 

315 

9.29 

Effect of rate change on net deferred tax asset 

(326) 

(2.20) 

Release of state valuation allowance on use of net operating loss 

(68) 

(0.44) 

(68) 

(0.46) 

(150) 

(4.43) 
 
 Meals and entertainment, dues and other non-deductible items 

75 

0.49 

54 

0.37 

47 

1.39 

Cash surrender life insurance 

(231) 

(1.51) 

(210) 

(1.42) 

(91) 

(2.68) 
 
 Stock compensation expense 

(53) 

(0.35) 

(126) 

(0.85) 

39 

1.15 

LIHTC investments 

(119) 

(0.77) 

(155) 

(1.05) 

0 

0.00 

Merger costs 

515 

3.36 

5 

0.03 

300 

8.84 

Other 

(265) 

1.73 

132 

0.89 

18 

0.53 

6,432 

41.93 

5,008 

33.85 

1,665 

49.09 

149

Table of Contents 

 The Company s federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31, 2011
through 2013 are open for examination by federal taxing authorities and the Company s state income tax returns for the years ended December 2010 through 2013 are open for examination by state taxing authorities. The Company is undergoing an
examination of its federal tax returns for the year ended December 31, 2012. At year-end, the examination was close to conclusion with one adjustment which will not result in additional income tax expense. 
 The Company is undergoing an examination by the California Franchise Tax Board of the Enterprise Zone net interest deduction that the
Company took in its California 2011 and 2012 tax returns. The Franchise Tax Board has requested and the Company has supplied information related to the composition and calculation of the net interest deduction taken by the Company in 2011 and 2012.
The Franchise Tax board has not yet notified the Company of their findings. The Company was notified during 2014 of an
examination of the 2010 and 2011 California tax return of Premier Commercial Bancorp by the California Franchise Tax Board. The California Franchise Tax Board has requested support for the calculation of the bad debt deduction and the California
Enterprise Zone net interest deduction. The Company is in the process of providing this information. The Company has not been
notified of any other pending tax examinations by taxing authorities. The consolidated effective tax rate reflected within
these financial statements is dependent on the composition of taxable earnings in the period. A number of expenses such as certain merger related expenses, certain business and entertainment expenses, country club dues, etc. are not allowable as an
expense for either federal or state purposes and are classified as permanent differences. In addition, the Company has several items included in income, that are excluded from taxable income, such as interest on municipal bonds, interest on loans to
municipalities, increases in the cash surrender value of life insurance policies, and for state tax purposes through 2013, the net interest income on loans within the State of California Enterprise Zone designated areas. Because of these
differences, the Company s effective tax may vary considerably between reporting years. During 2012 and 2014, due to the inclusion of significant nondeductible merger related costs, the Company had an effective tax rate in excess of its
statutory rate. In 2013, the Company invested 1.1 million in Community Redevelopment Act CRA 60 month term, 0 interest rate deposits that made the Company eligible for a 215,000 Qualified Investment Tax Credit, which was received in
the third quarter of 2013. The Company has invested in LIHTCs that generate tax credits and benefits for the Company. See Note 1 and Note 11 Investments in Qualified Affordable Housing Projects. The Company s consolidated effective tax
rate was 41.93 , 33.85 and 49.09 for the year ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Based on
legislation enacted during the second quarter of 2013, the California State Legislature has repealed the net interest deduction on interest income for loans within the designated State of California Enterprise Zones. The effective date of this
legislation is January 1, 2014. As a result, the Company is no longer eligible for the net interest deduction when calculating its state income tax provision which increased the effective state tax rate for 2014. 
 Note 20 - Shareholders Equity 
 Common Stock The Company s outstanding common stock increased by 5,602,492 shares, from 11,081,364 shares at December 31, 2013 to 16,683,856 at December 31, 2014. As discussed in Note 2, Business
Combinations, the Company completed the merger with 1 st 
Enterprise on November 30, 2014. Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, each outstanding share of 1 st Enterprise common stock was converted into the right to receive 1.3450 of a share of CU Bancorp 
 150

Table of Contents 

common stock, resulting in 5,240,409 shares of CU Bancorp common stock issued. The fair value of the CU Bancorp common stock issued as part of the consideration paid was 102.7 million and was
determined based on the closing market price of 19.60 of CU Bancorp common stock on November 30, 2014. During 2014, the Company issued 221,016 shares of stock from the exercise of employee stock options for a total value of 2.0 million. The
Company also issued 172,900 shares of restricted stock to the Company s directors and employees, cancelled 5,016 shares of unvested restricted stock related to employee turnover and cancelled 26,317 shares of restricted stock that had a value
of 471,000, when employees elected to pay their tax obligation via the repurchase of the stock by the Company. The net issuance of restricted stock for 2014 was 167,884 shares. See Note 16 Stock Options and Restricted Stock under
 Equity Compensation Plans for a more detailed analysis related to the issuances of these shares. During 2013, the
Company issued 282,031 shares of stock from the exercise of employee stock options for a total value of 2.8 million. In addition, the Company issued 81,050 shares of restricted stock to the Company s directors and employees, cancelled 11,600
shares of unvested restricted stock related to employee turnover and cancelled 28,791 shares of restricted stock that had a value of 422,000, when employees elected to pay their tax obligation via the repurchase of the stock by the Company. The net
issuance of restricted stock for 2013 was 69,450 shares. The Equity Plan, as amended, allows employees to make an election to
have a portion of their restricted stock that became vested during the year repurchased by the Company to provide funds to pay the employee s tax obligation related to the vesting of the stock. 
 Preferred Stock As discussed in Note 2, Business Combinations, the Company completed the merger with 1 st Enterprise on November 30, 2014. As part of the Merger Agreement, 16,400 shares of preferred stock issued by
1 st Enterprise as part of the Small Business Lending Fund
(SBLF) program of the United States Department of Treasury was converted into substantially 16,400 identical shares with identical terms. CU Bancorp Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference amount of 1,000 per share, designated as the
Company s Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A. The U.S. Department of the Treasury is the sole holder of all outstanding shares of CU Bancorp Preferred Stock. The fair value of CU Bancorp Preferred Stock was 15.9 million at the
merger date. Dividends on the CU Bancorp Preferred Stock are paid to the U.S. Department of the Treasury on a quarterly basis. See Note 22, Regulatory Matters, for restrictions on dividends. Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) The following table presents the
changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Before Tax 

Tax Effect 

Net of Tax 

Year ended December 31, 2014 

Net unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities: 

Beginning balance 

(348) 

143 

(205) 

Non-credit portion of other-than-temporary impairments arising during the period 

Net unrealized gain (losses) arising during the period 

681 

(286) 

395 

Net other comprehensive loss 

681 

(286) 

395 

Ending balance 

333 

(143) 

190 

151

Table of Contents 

Before Tax 

Tax Effect 

Net of Tax 

Year ended December 31, 2013 

Net unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities: 

Beginning balance 

2,369 

(975) 

1,394 

Non-credit portion of other-than-temporary impairments arising during the period 

(41) 

17 

(24) 
 
 Net unrealized losses arising during the period 

(2,629) 

1,082 

(1,547) 

Other comprehensive loss before reclassification 

(2,670) 

1,099 

(1,571) 
 
 Reclassification adjustment for gains realized in net income 

(47) 

19 

(28) 

Net other comprehensive loss 

(2,717) 

1,118 

(1,599) 

Ending balance 

(348) 

143 

(205) 

Note 21 - Commitments and Contingencies 
 The Company follows accounting guidance related to Accounting for Contingencies which provides criteria for
determining whether a company must accrue or disclosure a loss contingency. Under these guidelines, a loss contingency is defined as an existing condition, situation, or set of circumstances involving uncertainty to an enterprise that will
ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. A potential loss resulting from pending litigation is to be accrued when it is probable that one or more future events will occur confirming the fact of the loss and when
 the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. If an enterprise determines that one or both of these conditions have not been met, accounting guidance requires an enterprise to disclose a loss contingency when there is at
least a reasonable possibility that a loss may have occurred. This disclosure shall give an estimate of the possible loss or range of losses or state that such an estimate cannot be made. Neither accrual nor disclosure is required
when the probability of the future events occurring that would trigger the loss for the enterprise is considered to be remote. Litigation
 From time to time the Company is a party to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. The
Company accrues for any probable loss contingencies that are estimable and discloses any material losses. As of December 31, 2014, there were no legal proceedings against the Company the outcome of which are expected to have a material adverse
impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows, as a whole. Financial Instruments with Off Balance
Sheet Risk In the normal course of business, the Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk.
These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit. To varying degrees, these instruments involve elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. The Company s exposure to credit
loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instruments for commitments to extend credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the
contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Some of the Company s commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, with the total commitment amounts not
necessarily representing future cash funding requirements. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit is based on
management s credit evaluation of the borrower. Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, income-producing commercial properties, residential properties and properties under
construction. 
 152

Table of Contents 

 Financial instruments with off balance sheet risk include commitments to extend credit of
 720 million and 346 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Included in the aforementioned commitments were standby letters of credit outstanding of 57.2 million and 40.6 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company had established an allowance for unfunded loan commitments of 471,000 and 329,000, respectively. These balances are included in other liabilities on the balance sheet. 
 Note 22 - Regulatory Matters 
 The Company (on a consolidated basis) and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered
by federal and state banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s
financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital requirements that involve quantitative measures of the Company s assets,
liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Company s capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings
and other factors. The Company currently includes in Tier 1 capital an amount of subordinated debentures equal to no more
than 25 of the sum of all core capital elements, which is generally defined as shareholders equity less goodwill, core deposit intangibles and a portion of the SBA servicing assets. On July 2, 2013, the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System Federal Reserve approved a final rule (the Final Rule that revises the current capital rules for U.S. banking organizations including the capital rules for the Company. The FDIC adopted the rule as an
 interim final rule on July 9, 2013. The Final Rule implements the regulatory capital reforms recommended by the Basel Committee. The Final Rule permanently grandfathers non-qualifying capital instruments (such as trust preferred
securities and cumulative perpetual preferred stock) issued before May 19, 2010 for inclusion in the Tier 1 Risked-Based Capital of banking organizations with total consolidated assets less than 15 billion as of December 31, 2009, such as
the Company. As a result, the Company s trust preferred securities will continue to be included in Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital. The Company also currently includes in its Tier 1 capital an amount of Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock,
Series A issued under the SBLF program. The U.S. Department of the Treasury is the sole holder of all outstanding shares of CU Bancorp Preferred Stock. Under the Final Rule, the CU Bancorp Preferred Stock will continue to be included in Tier 1
Risk-Based Capital. As of December 31, 2014, the Company and the Bank are categorized as well-capitalized under the
regulatory framework for Prompt Corrective Action. To be categorized as well-capitalized the Company and Bank must maintain minimum Total risk-based capital, Tier 1 risk-based capital and Tier 1 leverage ratios, as set forth in the following table.
 Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Company and the Bank to maintain
minimum amounts (as set forth in the table below) of Total capital and Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) and ratios of Total capital and Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets (as defined) and to average assets (as defined). 

 153

Table of Contents 

 The following tables present the Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio, Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital
Ratio and the Tier 1 Leverage Ratio of the Consolidated Company in addition to the Bank as of December 31, 2014, and December 31, 2013, and compare the actual ratios to the capital requirements imposed by government regulations. All
amounts reflected in the table below are stated in thousands, except percentages: CU Bancorp Consolidated: 

Actual 

For Capital Adequacy Purposes 

To Be Well- Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Provisions 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

As of December 31, 2014 

Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

231,228 

11.61 

159,363 

8.0 

199,204 

10.0 

Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

218,147 

10.95 

79,682 

4.0 

119,523 

6.0 

Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 

218,147 

12.92 

67,564 

4.0 

84,455 

5.0 

As of December 31, 2013 

Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

145,372 

12.80 

90,844 

8.0 

113,555 

10.0 

Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

134,440 

11.84 

45,422 

4.0 

68,133 

6.0 

Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 

134,440 

9.57 

56,172 

4.0 

70,215 

5.0 
 
 California United Bank: 

Actual 

For Capital Adequacy Purposes 

To Be Well- Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Provisions 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

As of December 31, 2014 

Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

223,112 

11.20 

159,300 

8.0 

199,125 

10.0 

Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

210,031 

10.55 

79,650 

4.0 

119,475 

6.0 

Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 

210,031 

12.44 

67,532 

4.0 

84,415 

5.0 

As of December 31, 2013 

Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

135,682 

11.96 

90,772 

8.0 

113,465 

10.0 

Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

124,750 

10.99 

45,386 

4.0 

68,079 

6.0 

Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 

124,750 

8.90 

56,082 

4.0 

70,102 

5.0 
 
 Restrictions on Dividends 
 As discussed in Note 2, Business Combinations, the Company completed the merger with 1 st Enterprise on November 30, 2014. As part of the Merger
Agreement, 16,400 shares of preferred stock issued by 1 st 
Enterprise as part of the SBLF program of the United States Department of Treasury was converted into substantially 16,400 identical shares with identical terms. In December 2014, the Board approved a quarterly dividend payment on the preferred
shares of 41,000 to the United States Department of the Treasury. Payment of stock or cash dividends in the future will
depend upon earnings, liquidity, financial condition and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. Notification to the FRB is required prior to declaring and paying a dividend to shareholders that exceeds earnings for the period for
which the dividend is being paid. This notification requirement is included in regulatory guidance regarding safety and soundness surrounding capital and includes other non-financial measures such as asset quality, financial condition, capital
 
 154

Table of Contents 

adequacy, liquidity, future earnings projections, capital planning and credit concentrations. Should the FRB object to dividend payments, the Company would be precluded from declaring and paying
dividends until approval is received or the Company no longer needs to provide notice under applicable guidance. California
law also limits the Company s ability to pay dividends. A corporation may make a distribution/dividend from retained earnings to the extent that the retained earnings exceed (a) the amount of the distribution plus (b) the amount if
any, of dividends in arrears on shares with preferential dividend rights. Alternatively, a corporation may make a distribution/dividend, if, immediately after the distribution, the value of its assets equals or exceeds the sum of (a) its total
liabilities plus (b) the liquidation preference of any shares which have a preference upon dissolution over the rights of shareholders receiving the distribution/dividend. 
 The Bank is subject to certain restrictions on the amount of dividends that may be declared without regulatory approval. Such dividends
shall not exceed the lesser of the Bank s retained earnings or net income for its last three fiscal years less any distributions to shareholders made during such period. In addition, the Bank may not pay dividends that would result in its
capital being reduced below the minimum requirements shown above for capital adequacy purposes. 
 Note 23 - Fair Value Information 
 Fair Value Measurement Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for an asset or liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. ASC Topic 825 requires disclosure of the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities, including both those financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured and
reported at fair value on a recurring basis and a non-recurring basis. The methodologies for estimating the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value, and for estimating the fair value of financial
assets and financial liabilities not recorded at fair value, are discussed below. In accordance with accounting guidance, the
Company groups its financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value. These
levels are as follows: 

Level 1 Observable unadjusted quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that the reporting entity has the
ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level 2 Significant other observable market based inputs, other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities or
unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. This includes quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data, either directly or indirectly. This would
include those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies where substantially all of the assumptions are observable in the marketplace, can be derived from observable market data or are supported by observable
levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. 

Level 3 Significant unobservable inputs that reflect a reporting entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing an asset or liability. Assets measured utilizing level 3 are for positions that are not traded in active markets or are subject to transfer restrictions, and or where valuations are adjusted to reflect illiquidity and or
non-transferability. These assumptions are not corroborated by market data. This is comprised of financial instruments whose fair value is estimated based on internally developed models or methodologies utilizing significant inputs that are
generally less readily observable from objective sources. Management uses a combination of reviews of the underlying financial statements, appraisals and management s judgment regarding credit quality to determine the value of the financial
asset or liability. 
 155

Table of Contents 

 A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest
level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Management maximizes the use of observable inputs and attempts to minimize the use of unobservable inputs when determining fair value measurements. The following is a description of
both the general and specific valuation methodologies used for certain instruments measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of these instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. 
 Investment Securities Available-for-Sale : The fair value of securities available-for-sale may be determined by obtaining quoted
prices in active markets, when available, from nationally recognized securities exchanges (Level 1 financial assets) If quoted market prices are not available, the fair value is determined by a matrix pricing, which is a mathematical technique
widely used in the securities industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities relationship to other benchmark quoted securities which are
observable market inputs (Level 2 financial assets). Debt securities pricing is generally obtained from one of the matrix pricing models developed from one of the three national pricing agencies. In cases where significant credit valuation
adjustments are incorporated into the estimation of fair value, reported amounts are classified as Level 3 financial assets. Securities
classified as available-for-sale are accounted for at their current fair value rather than amortized historical cost. Unrealized gains or losses are excluded from net income and reported as an amount net of taxes as a separate component of
accumulated other comprehensive income included in shareholders equity. The Company considers the inputs utilized to fair value the
U.S. Agency and U.S. Sponsored Agency issued debt securities (callable and non-callable notes), mortgage backed securities guaranteed by those agencies, collateralized mortgage obligations issued by those agencies, corporate bond securities, and
municipal securities to be observable market inputs and classified these financial assets within the Level 2 fair value hierarchy. Management bases the fair value for these investments primarily on third party price indications provided by
independent pricing sources utilized by the Company s bond accounting system to obtain market pricing on its individual securities. Vining Sparks, who provides the Company with its bond accounting system, utilizes pricing from three independent
third party pricing sources for pricing of securities. These third party pricing sources utilize, quoted market prices or when quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated using nationally recognized third-party vendor
pricing models of which the inputs are observable. However, the fair value reported may not be indicative of the amounts that could be realized in an actual market exchange. The fair value of the Company s U.S. Agency and U.S. Sponsored Agency callable and non-callable agency securities, mortgage backed securities guaranteed by those agencies, and collateralized mortgage
obligations issued by those agencies, corporate bond securities, and municipal securities are calculated using an option adjusted spread model from one of the nationally recognized third-party pricing models. Depending on the assumptions used and
the treasury yield curve and other interest rate assumptions, the fair value could vary significantly in the near term. 
 Loans : The fair value for loans is estimated by discounting the expected future cash flows using current interest rates at which
similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings for the same remaining maturities, adjusted for the allowance for loan loss. Loans are segregated by type such as commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, construction
and other loans with similar credit characteristics and are further segmented into fixed and variable interest rate loan categories. Expected future cash flows are projected based on contractual cash flows, adjusted for estimated prepayments. The
inputs utilized in determining the fair value of loans are unobservable and accordingly, these financial assets are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Impaired Loans : The fair value of impaired loans is determined based on an evaluation at the time the loan is originally identified as impaired, and periodically thereafter, at the
lower of cost or fair value. Fair value on impaired loans is measured based on the value of the collateral securing these loans, less costs to sell, if the loan is collateral dependent, or based on the discounted cash flows for non collateral
dependent loans. Collateral on 
 156

Table of Contents 

collateral dependent loans may be real estate and/or business assets including equipment, inventory and/or accounts receivable and is determined based on appraisals performed by qualified
licensed appraisers hired by the Company. Appraised and reported values may be discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of valuation, and/or management s expertise and knowledge of
the client and client s business. Such discounts are typically significant and unobservable. For unsecured loans, the estimated future discounted cash flows of the business or borrower, are used in evaluating the fair value. Impaired loans are
reviewed and evaluated on at least a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly, based on the same factors identified above. The inputs utilized in determining the fair value of impaired loans are unobservable and
accordingly, these financial assets are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Interest Rate Swap
Contracts : Interest Rate Swap Contracts: The fair value of the interest rate swap contracts are provided by an independent third party vendor that specializes in interest rate risk management and fair value analysis using a model that
utilizes current market data to estimate cash flows of the interest rate swaps utilizing the future London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR yield curve for accruing and the future Overnight Index Swap Rate OIS yield curve for
discounting through the maturity date of the interest rate swap contract. The future LIBOR yield curve is the primary input in the valuation of the interest rate swap contracts. Both the LIBOR and OIS yield curves are readily observable in the
marketplace. Accordingly, the interest rate swap contracts are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Other Real
Estate Owned : The fair value of other real estate owned is generally based on real estate appraisals (unless more current market information is available) less estimated costs to sell. These appraisals may utilize a single valuation
approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available.
Such adjustments are typically significant. The inputs utilized in determining the fair value of other real estate owned are unobservable and accordingly, these financial assets are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 SBA Servicing Asset : The Company acquired an SBA servicing asset with the PC Bancorp merger and has added to the servicing asset
with the sale of SBA loans subsequent to the merger. This servicing asset was initially fair valued at the merger date based on an evaluation by a third party who specializes in fair value analysis. The fair value of this asset was based on the
estimated discounted future cash flows utilizing market based discount rates and estimated prepayment speeds. The discount rate was based on the current U.S. Treasury yield curve, plus a spread for marketplace risk associated with these assets.
Prepayment speeds were selected based on the historical prepayments of similar SBA pools. The prepayment speeds determine the timing of the cash flows. The SBA servicing asset is amortized over the estimated life of the loans based on an effective
yield approach. In addition, the Company s servicing asset is evaluated regularly for impairment by discounting the estimated future cash flows using market-based discount rates and prepayment speeds. If the calculated present value of the
servicing asset declines below the Company s current carrying value, the servicing asset is written down to its present value. Based on the Company s methodology in its valuation of the SBA servicing asset, the current carrying value is
estimated to approximate the fair value. The inputs utilized in determining the fair value of SBA servicing asset are unobservable and accordingly, these financial assets are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Non-Maturing Deposits : The fair values for non-maturing deposits (deposits with no contractual termination date), which include
non-interest bearing demand deposits, interest bearing transaction accounts, money market deposits and savings accounts are equal to their carrying amounts, which represent the amounts payable on demand. Because the carrying value and fair
value are by definition identical, and accordingly non-maturity deposits are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy, these balances are not listed in the following tables. 
 157

Table of Contents 

 Maturing Deposits : The fair values of fixed maturity certificates
of deposit (time deposits) are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies current market deposit interest rates to the Company s current certificates of deposit interest rates for similar term certificates. The rates being
paid on organic certificates of deposit at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, were generally identical to the market interest rates for comparable terms and thus both the carry amount and fair value are generally considered
approximately identical as of the reporting dates. The deposits acquired from PC Bancorp and 1 st Enterprise were initially adjusted to their fair value at the date of acquisition. The interest rates used to calculate the fair value adjustments on the PCB certificates were considered to be the market
rates at the date of acquisition. The inputs utilized in determining the fair value of maturing deposits are unobservable and accordingly, these financial liabilities are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Securities Sold under Agreements to Repurchase Repos : The fair value of securities sold under agreements to repurchase
is estimated based on the discounted value of future cash flows expected to be paid on the deposits. The carrying amounts of Repos with maturities of 90 days or less approximate their fair values. The fair value of Repos with maturities greater
than 90 days is estimated based on the discounted value of the contractual future cash flows. The inputs utilized in determining the fair value of securities sold under agreements to repurchase are observable and accordingly, these financial
liabilities are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Subordinated Debentures : The fair value of the
three variable rate subordinated debentures debentures is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies the three month LIBOR plus the margin index at December 31, 2014, to the cash flows from the debentures,
based on the actual interest rate the debentures were accruing at December 31, 2014. Because all three of the debentures re-priced on December 16, 2014 based on the current three month LIBOR index rate plus the index margin at that date,
and with relatively little to no change in the three month LIBOR index rate from the re-pricing date through December 31, 2014, the current face value of the debentures and their calculated fair value are approximately equal. The inputs
utilized in determining the fair value of subordinated debentures are observable and accordingly, these financial liabilities are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Fair Value of Commitments : Loan commitments that are priced on an index plus a margin to a market rate of interest are reported at the carrying value of the loan commitment.
Loan commitments on which the committed fixed interest rate is less than the current market rate were insignificant at December 31, 2014 and 2013. Interest Rate Risk : The Company assumes interest rate risk (the risk that general interest rate levels will change) as a result of its normal operations. As a result, the fair values
of the Company s financial instruments will change when interest rate levels change and that change may be either favorable or unfavorable to the Company. Management attempts to match maturities of assets and liabilities to the extent believed
necessary to minimize interest rate risk. However, borrowers with fixed rate obligations are less likely to prepay in a rising rate environment and more likely to prepay in a falling rate environment. In addition, depositors who are receiving fixed
rates are more likely to withdraw funds before maturity in a rising rate environment and less likely to do so in a falling rate environment. Management monitors rates and maturities of assets and liabilities and attempts to minimize interest rate
risk by adjusting terms of new loans and deposits and by investing in securities with terms that mitigate the Company s overall rate risk. 
 158

Table of Contents 

 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 The following table summarizes the financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of the dates
indicated, segregated by the level of the valuation inputs within the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure fair value (dollars in thousands): 

Total Carrying Value 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs 
 (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level
 3) 

Financial Assets December 31, 2014 

Investment securities available-for-sale 

226,962 

226,962 

Interest Rate Swap Contracts 

719 

719 

Financial Liabilities December 31, 2014 

Interest Rate Swap Contracts 

3,515 

3,515 

Financial Assets December 31, 2013 

Investment securities available-for-sale 

106,488 

106,488 

Financial Liabilities December 31, 2013 

Interest Rate Swap Contracts 

3,943 

3,943 

At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company had no financial assets or liabilities that were measured
at fair value on a recurring basis that required the use of significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). Additionally, there were no transfers of assets either between Level 1 and Level 2 nor in or out of Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy for assets
measured on a recurring basis for the periods ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring
Basis The Company may be required periodically, to measure certain financial assets and financial liabilities at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis, that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis, but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). These include assets
that are measured at the lower of cost or market value that were recognized at fair value below cost at the end of or during the period. The following table presents the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis by caption and by level within the fair value hierarchy as of the dates indicated
(dollars in thousands): 

Recorded Investment Carrying Value 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets
for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs 
 (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level
 3) 

Financial Assets December 31, 2014 

Collateral dependent impaired loans with specific valuation allowance and/or partial charge-offs (non-purchased credit impaired
loans) 

1,173 

1,173 

Other real estate owned 

850 

850 

Total 

2,023 

2,023 

Financial Assets December 31, 2013 

Collateral dependent impaired loans with specific valuation allowance and/or partial charge-offs offs (non-purchased credit
impaired loans) 

264 

264 

Total 

264 

264 

159

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value
measurements for Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Fair Value at December 31, 2014 

Valuation Methodology 
 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs 
 
 Significant Unobservable Input Values 

Financial Assets December 31, 2014 

Collateral dependent impaired loans with specific valuation allowance and/or partial charge-off 

1,173 

Credit loss estimate of aged accounts receivable collateral 
 
 Credit loss factors on aging of accounts receivable collateral 
 
 10 -80 

Estimated selling costs 
 
 15 

Other real estate owned 

850 

Residential real estate appraisal 
 
 Sales approach Estimated selling costs 
 
 6 

2,023 

Fair Value at December 31, 2013 

Valuation Methodology 
 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs 
 
 Significant Unobservable Input Values 
 
 Financial Assets December 31, 2013 

Collateral dependent impaired loans with specific valuation allowance and/or partial charge-off 

45 

Credit loss estimate of aged accounts receivable collateral 
 
 Credit loss factors on aging of accounts receivable collateral 
 
 80 

219 

Commercial real estate appraisal 
 
 Sales approach Estimated selling costs 
 
 8 

Total 

264 

Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities 
 ASC Topic 825 requires disclosure of the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities, including those financial assets and
financial liabilities that are not measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis or non-recurring basis. The estimated fair value amounts have been determined by the Company using available market information and appropriate
valuation methodologies. However, considerable judgment is required to develop the estimates of fair value. Accordingly, the estimates presented below are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could have realized in a current market
exchange as of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. The description of the valuation methodologies
used for financial instruments measured at fair value and for estimating fair value for financial instruments not recorded at fair value has been described above. 
 160

Table of Contents 

 The table below presents the level in the fair value hierarchy for the financial instruments
estimated fair values, as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Fair Value Measurements 

Carrying Amount 

Fair Value 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets
or Liabilities (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs 
 (Level 3) 

December 31, 2014 

Financial Assets 

Investment securities available-for-sale 

226,962 

226,962 

226,962 

Investment securities held-to-maturity 

47,147 

47,159 

47,159 

Loans, net 

1,612,113 

1,627,717 

1,627,717 

Interest rate swap contracts 

719 

719 

719 

Financial Liabilities 

Certificates of deposit 

64,840 

64,857 

64,857 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

9,411 

9,411 

9,411 

Subordinated debentures 

9,538 

12,372 

12,372 

Interest rate swap contracts 

3,515 

3,515 

3,515 

Fair Value Measurements 

Carrying Amount 

Fair Value 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets
or Liabilities (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs 
 (Level 3) 

December 31, 2013 

Financial Assets 

Investment securities available-for-sale 

106,488 

106,488 

106,488 

Loans, net 

922,591 

926,500 

926,500 

Financial Liabilities 

Certificates of deposit 

63,581 

63,680 

63,680 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

11,141 

11,141 

11,141 

Subordinated debentures 

9,379 

12,372 

12,372 

Interest rate swap contracts 

3,943 

3,943 

3,943 

Note 24 Reclassification 
 Certain amounts in the prior year s financial statements and related disclosures were reclassified to conform to
the current year presentation with no effect on previously reported net income or shareholders equity. 
 161

Table of Contents 

Note 25 Summary Quarterly Data (unaudited) 

2014 Quarters Ended 

2013 Quarters Ended 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Dec. 31 

Sept. 30 

June 30 

Mar. 31 

Dec. 31 

Sept. 30 

June 30 

Mar. 31 

Interest income 

16,264 

13,238 

13,039 

12,636 

12,841 

12,822 

13,114 

12,069 

Interest expense 

528 

470 

461 

463 

498 

516 

534 

531 

Net interest income 

15,736 

12,768 

12,578 

12,173 

12,343 

12,306 

12,580 

11,538 

Provision for loan losses 

1,721 

35 

408 

75 

934 

631 

1,153 

134 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

14,015 

12,733 

12,170 

12,098 

11,409 

11,675 

11,427 

11,404 

Non-interest income 

2,132 

2,004 

1,783 

1,790 

1,931 

1,471 

1,690 

1,426 

Non-interest expense 

14,107 

10,031 

9,698 

9,549 

9,620 

9,430 

9,281 

9,309 

Net income before provision for income tax expense 

2,040 

4,706 

4,255 

4,339 

3,720 

3,716 

3,836 

3,521 

Provision for income tax 

733 

2,157 

1,869 

1,673 

888 

1,239 

1,515 

1,366 

Net Income 

1,307 

2,549 

2,386 

2,666 

2,832 

2,477 

2,321 

2,155 

Preferred stock dividends and discount accretion 

124 

Net Income Available to Common Shareholders 

1,183 

2,549 

2,386 

2,666 

2,832 

2,477 

2,321 

2,155 

Basic income per share 

0.09 

0.23 

0.22 

0.25 

0.26 

0.24 

0.22 

0.21 

Diluted income per share 

0.09 

0.23 

0.21 

0.24 

0.26 

0.23 

0.22 

0.20 

Note 26 Condensed Financial Information of Parent Company 
 CU Bancorp, a California Corporation, was formed to facilitate a reorganization to create a bank holding company for
the Bank in 2012. CU Bancorp became the parent of the Bank through a reorganization that occurred at the end of business on July 31, 2012. The following tables present the parent company only condensed balance sheets and the related statements
of income and condensed statements of cash flows for the dates and periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Parent Company Only Condensed Balance Sheets 
 
 December 31, 

2014 

2013 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks 

4,612 

4,348 

Loans 

1,410 

1,786 

Investment in subsidiary 

284,216 

141,020 

Accrued interest receivable and other assets 

103 

207 

Total Assets 

290,341 

147,361 

LIABILITIES 

Subordinated debentures 

9,538 

9,379 

Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

1,611 

58 

Total Liabilities 

11,149 

9,437 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

279,192 

137,924 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

290,341 

147,361 

162

Table of Contents 

Parent Company Only Condensed Statements of Income 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Interest Income 

165 

172 

Interest Expense 

430 

485 

Operating Expenses 

911 

556 

Total Expenses 

1,341 

1,041 

Loss Before Income Tax Benefit and Equity in Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiary 

(1,176) 

(869) 
 
 Income tax benefit 

257 

371 

Loss Before Equity in Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiary 

(919) 

(498) 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary 

9,827 

10,283 

Net Income 

8,908 

9,785 

Parent Company Only Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 

2014 

2013 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income: 

8,908 

9,785 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary 

(9,827) 

(10,283) 
 
 Provision for loan losses 

(100) 

Net accretion of discounts/premiums 

(26) 

(36) 
 
 Accretion of subordinated debenture discount 

159 

210 

Net change in fair value of interest rate contract 

(70) 
 
 Decrease (increase) in accrued interest receivable and other assets 

1,351 

(226) 
 
 Decrease in accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

396 

32 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

861 

588 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash paid for 1 st Enterprise fractional shares and dissenting shareholder 

(89) 

Capital contribution made to subsidiary 

(2,500) 

Maturity of certificate of deposit 

370 

Net decrease in loans 

502 

721 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(2,087) 

1,091 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net proceeds from exercise of stock options 

2,029 

2,790 

Issuance costs of common stock for 1 st Enterprise merger 

(27) 

Restricted stock repurchase 

(471) 

(422) 
 
 Dividends paid on preferred stock 

(41) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

1,490 

2,368 

Net increase in cash 

264 

2,871 

Cash, beginning of year 

4,348 

1,477 

Cash, end of year 

4,612 

4,348 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

270 

281 

Cash paid during the period for taxes 

1 

1 

163

Table of Contents 

 PART IV ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (b) Index to Exhibits

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and Among CU Bancorp and California United Bank and 1 st Enterprise Bank Dated as of June 2, 2014 1 

2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of
Merger 2 

2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of
Merger 3 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of CU
Bancorp 4 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of CU Bancorp 5 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Determination of Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A of CU Bancorp 6 

4.1 
 
 Specimen form of Certificate for CU Bancorp Common
Stock 7 

4.2

Assignment Assumption Agreement 

10.1 
 
 2014 CU Bancorp Executive Performance Incentive Plan Amendment # 1 April 24, 2014 8 

10.2 
 
 Separation and Consulting
Agreement 9 

10.3 
 
 CU Bancorp 2007 Equity Incentive Plan as Restated July 31, 2012 and Form of Stock Option Agreement and Form of Restricted Stock Bonus Award Agreement 10 

10.4 

CU Bancorp 2007 Equity and Incentive Plan as Amended and Restated July 31, 2014 

10.5 

1 st Enterprise Bank 2006 Stock Incentive Plan as Amended and Restated March 18, 2009 

10.6 

Amendment of the 1 st Enterprise Bank 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, July 31, 2014 

10.7 
 
 California United Bank 2005 Stock Option
Plan 11 

10.8 
 
 CU Bancorp 2012 Change in Control Severance
Plan 12 

10.9 
 
 Executive Salary Continuation Plan / Agreement and Schedule of Participants and Benefits 13 

10.10 
 
 2013 California United Bank Executive Performance Cash Incentive Plan 14 

10.11 
 
 2014 California United Bank Executive Performance Cash Incentive Plan 15 

10.12 
 
 Form of Director / Officer Indemnification Agreement and Schedule of Agreements 16 

12.1 
 
 Ratio of Earnings to Fixed
Charges 17 

14.1 
 
 CU Bancorp Principles of Business Conduct 
Ethics 18 

14.2 
 
 CU Bancorp Code of Ethics Financial
Officers 19 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 20 

23.1

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

24.1

Power of Attorney (see signature page hereto) 

31.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1

Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS

XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL

XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE

XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 164

Table of Contents 

Refers to management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements 

Attached hereto 

1 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to CU Bancorp Registration Statement on Form S-4 as filed on August 20, 2014. 

2 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to CU Bancorp Registration Statement on Form S-4 as filed on August 20, 2014. 

3 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.2 to CU Bancorp Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 17, 2014. 

4 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to CU Bancorp Registration Statement on Form S-4 as filed on April 13, 2012. 

5 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to CU Bancorp Registration Statement on Form S-4 as filed on April 13, 2012. 

6 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.3 to CU Bancorp Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 24, 2014. 

7 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to CU Bancorp Registration Statement on Form S-4 as filed on April 13, 2012. 

8 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to CU Bancorp Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2014. 

9 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to CU Bancorp Registration Statement on Form S-4 as filed on August 20, 2014. 

10 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to CU Bancorp Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended September 30, 2013. 

11 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to CU Bancorp Registration Statement on Form S-4 as filed on April 13, 2012. 

12 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to CU Bancorp Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended September 30, 2013. 

13 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to CU Bancorp Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 13, 2014. 

14 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.1 to CU Bancorp Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 7, 2014. 

15 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to CU Bancorp Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 13, 2014. 

16 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.7 to CU Bancorp Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 13, 2014. 

17 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 12.1 to CU Bancorp Registration Statement on Form S-4 as filed on August 20, 2014. 

18 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 14.1 to CU Bancorp Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended September 30, 2013. 

19 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 14.2 to CU Bancorp Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended September 30, 2013. 

20 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 21.1 to CU Bancorp Registration Statement on Form S-4 as filed on August 20, 2014. 
 165

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CU BANCORP 

Dated: March 13, 2015 

/s/ DAVID I. RAINER 

David I. Rainer 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ KAREN A. SCHOENBAUM 

Karen A. Schoenbaum 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 POWERS OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Anita Y. Wolman, Karen A. Schoenbaum, and Anne Williams, and each of them severally, his or her
true and lawful attorney-in-fact with power of substitution and resubstitution to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem necessary
or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments hereto, as fully for all
intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Dated: March 13, 2015 

/s/ ROBERTO E. BARRAGAN 

Roberto E. Barragan 
 Director 

Dated: March 13, 2015 

/s/ CHARLES R. BEAUREGARD 

Charles R. Beauregard 
 Director 

Dated: March 13, 2015 

/s/ KENNETH J. COSGROVE 

Kenneth J. Cosgrove 
 Director 

Dated: March 13, 2015 

/s/ DAVID C. HOLMAN 

David C. Holman 
 Director 

Dated: March 13, 2015 

/s/ K. BRIAN HORTON 

K. Brian Horton Director
and President 

Dated: March 13, 2015 

/s/ ERIC S. KENTOR 

Eric S. Kentor 
 Director 

Dated: March 13, 2015 

/s/ JEFFREY J. LEITZINGER, Ph.D. 

Jeffrey J. Leitzinger, Ph.D. 
 Director 
 166

Table of Contents 

Dated: March 13, 2015 

/s/ DAVID I. RAINER 

David I. Rainer Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: March 13, 2015 

/s/ ROY A. SALTER 

Roy A. Salter 
 Director 

Dated: March 13, 2015 

/s/ KAREN A. SCHOENBAUM 

Karen A. Schoenbaum 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Dated: March 13, 2015 

/s/ DANIEL F. SELLECK 

Daniel F. Selleck 
 Director 

Dated: March 13, 2015 

/s/ LESTER M. SUSSMAN 

Lester M. Sussman 
 Director 

Dated: March 13, 2015 

/s/ CHARLES H. SWEETMAN 

Charles H. Sweetman 
 Director 
 
 167

<EX-4.2>
 2
 d856177dex42.htm
 EX-4.2

EX-4.2 

Exhibit 4.2 
 ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 
 This ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of November 30, 2014 is entered into by and
between 1 st Enterprise Bank, a California-chartered commercial bank Assignor and CU Bancorp, a California corporation and bank holding company Assignee with reference to the following: RECITALS 
 A. Assignor entered into that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 16, 2011 (the Purchase
Agreement ), by and between Assignor and the Secretary of the U.S. Treasury Treasury pursuant to which Assignor offered and sold, and Treasury purchased, 16,400 shares of Assignor s Non-Cumulative
Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (the Preferred Stock ). B. Assignor, Assignee and California United Bank, a
California-chartered bank and the wholly-owned subsidiary of Assignee, have entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 2, 2014 (the Merger Agreement , pursuant to which Assignor will merge with
and into California United Bank (the Merger with California United Bank surviving the Merger and continuing commercial bank operations of the combined bank under its California charter and as the wholly-owned subsidiary of
Assignee thereafter. C. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Assignee has agreed to issue shares of its Non-Cumulative Perpetual
Preferred Stock, Series A, with a liquidation preference of 1,000 and otherwise having such other rights, preferences, privileges, and voting powers, and limitations and restrictions that are the same as the rights (including with respect to
dividends), privileges and voting powers, and limitations and restrictions of the Preferred Stock and to be bound by the terms of the Purchase Agreement. 
 D. To facilitate the Merger, Assignor has agreed to assign the Purchase Agreement to Assignee, and Assignee has agreed to assume
Assignor s obligations under the Purchase Agreement, all in accordance with Section 5.8 of the Purchase Agreement. E.
Capitalized items used herein without definition shall have the meanings in the Purchase Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of
the premises and covenants, agreements, representations and warranties herein made and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Assignor and Assignee, intending to be legally bound, do hereby
agree as follows: 
 1 

AGREEMENT 
 1. ASSIGNMENT . Assignor hereby assigns, transfers, grants, conveys and delivers to Assignee all of Assignor s right, title,
interest, benefits and privileges under the Purchase Agreement. 2. ASSUMPTION . Assignee hereby accepts such assignment and
assumes and agrees to perform and discharge all duties and obligations of Assignor under the Purchase Agreement, subject to the close of the Merger, which assumption shall not create any obligations in addition to or separate from the obligations of
the Assignor already existing under the Purchase Agreement, nor shall it expand, enlarge or diminish such existing obligations. 3.
 DEFINITIONS . As of the Effective Time of the Merger, as defined in Section 9, each reference to 1 st Enterprise Bank in the Purchase Agreement shall mean the Assignee and each
reference to the Preferred Shares shall mean the Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A of the Assignee issued to the Secretary of the Treasury at the Effective Time. Notwithstanding the Effective Time all references in the Purchase
Agreement to the Closing Date shall continue to mean September 1, 2011. 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES .
Each of Assignee and Assignor represents and warrants to Assignor to the other that such party has all necessary power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder. 
 The Assignee represents and warrants to Treasury that the representations and warranties of the Assignee set forth in Article II of the
Purchase Agreement, and the updated Disclosure Schedule attached hereto, are true and correct as of the Effective Time. The Assignee further represents and warrants to Treasury that except as specific in Part 2.10 of the updated Disclosure Schedule
attached hereto, as of the Effective Time, the Assignee has no other liabilities and obligations other than liabilities and obligations of the Assignor. 
 5. GOVERNING LAW This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the federal law of the United States if
and to the extent such law is applicable, and otherwise in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such state. 
 6. COUNTERPARTS . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all of
which, when taken together, will be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement and will be effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties. A manual signature on this Agreement, an image of
which shall have been delivered electronically, will constitute an original signature page for all purposes. The delivery of copies of this Agreement by electronic transmission will constitute effective delivery of this Agreement for all purposes. A
signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, email or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement. 
 7. SUCCESSORS . This Agreement will apply to, and be binding in all respects upon, and inure to the benefit of the successors and
assigns of the parties. 
 2 

8. FURTHER ASSURANCES . The parties will (a) execute and deliver to each other
such other documents, and (b) do such other acts and things as a party may reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out the intent of this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby, and the documents to be delivered pursuant to this
Agreement, instruments, conveyances and assurances and take such further actions as such other party may reasonably request to carry out the provisions hereof and give effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 9. EFFECTIVE TIME . This Agreement will be deemed effective as of effective time of the Merger as determined in accordance with
California law. [Signatures on Following Page] 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed as of the day and year first above written.

ASSIGNOR: 

1 ST ENTERPRISE BANK 

By: 
 
 /s/ John C. Black 
 
 Name: 
 
 John C. Black 
 
 Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

ASSIGNEE: 

CU BANCORP 

By: 
 
 /s/ David I. Rainer 
 
 Name: 
 
 David I. Rainer 
 
 Title: 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

AGREED AND ACCEPTED 

THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jessica A. Milano 
 
 Name: 
 
 Jessica A. Milano 
 
 Title: 
 
 Deputy Assistant Secretary 
 
 4 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.4>
 3
 d856177dex104.htm
 EX-10.4

EX-10.4 

Exhibit 10.4 
 CU BANCORP 2007 EQUITY
AND INCENTIVE PLAN AS AMENDED AND RESTATED JULY 31, 2014 

1. 
 ESTABLISHMENT, PURPOSE AND TERM OF PLAN . 
 1.1 Establishment . The California United Bank (the Bank 2007
Equity and Incentive Plan (the Plan was established effective as of June 1, 2007, the date of its approval by the stockholders of the Bank. 
 1 . 2 History of the Plan . Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between CU Bancorp
(the Company and as defined in 2.1(i) herein) and California United Bank and Premier Commercial Bancorp and Premier Commercial Bank, N.A. dated as of December 8, 2011 and exhibits thereto, as approved by the
shareholders on July 23, 2012, the Plan was transferred and assumed by CU Bancorp and was automatically deemed to be an equity incentive plan of CU Bancorp effective on July 31, 2012. The Plan was amended and restated on July 31, 2014
(the Restatement Date ), and approved by the shareholders on November 14, 2014, to (i) allow the Company to grant performance based awards that are not subject to the deduction limitation of
Section 162(m) of the Code, (ii) expressly prohibit the repricing of previously granted Options and (iii) eliminate a provision in the Plan that provided for an automatic annual increase in the shares available for Awards under the
Plan. 1.3 Purpose . The purpose of the Plan is to advance the interests of the Company and
its stockholders by providing an incentive to attract, retain and reward key employees, officers (whether or not directors) and non-employee directors of the Company and by motivating such persons to contribute to the growth and profitability of the
Company. The Plan seeks to achieve this purpose by providing for Awards in the form of Options, Restricted Stock Awards, Performance Awards, and Restricted Stock Units. 
 1.4 Term of Plan. The Plan shall continue in effect until the earlier of its termination by the Board or the
date on which all of the shares of Stock available for issuance under the Plan have been issued and all restrictions on such shares under the terms of the Plan and the agreements evidencing Awards granted under the Plan have lapsed. However, all
Awards shall be granted, if at all, within ten (10) years from the Restatement Date. 

2. 
 DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION . 
 2.1 Definitions. Whenever used herein, the following terms shall have their respective meanings set forth
below: (a) Affiliate means (i) an entity, that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediary
entities, controls the Company or (ii) an entity, other than a Subsidiary Corporation, that is controlled by the Company directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediary entities. For this purpose, the
term control (including the term controlled by means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the relevant entity,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. (b) Award means any Option,
Restricted Stock Purchase Right, Restricted Stock Bonus, Performance Unit, Restricted Stock Unit, or Cash Bonus Award. 
 (c) Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant setting forth the terms,
conditions and restrictions of the Award granted to the Participant. An Award Agreement may be an Option Agreement, a Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement, a Restricted Stock Bonus Agreement, a Performance
Unit Agreement, a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, or a Cash Bonus Award Agreement. 

(d) Board means any Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (e) Cash Bonus Award means a cash bonus payment, as determined by the Committee, pursuant to Section 8,
based upon performance. (f) Cause means, unless otherwise defined by the Participant s Award Agreement
or contract of employment or service, any of the following: (i) the Participant s theft, dishonesty, or falsification of Company documents or records; (ii) the Participant s improper use or disclosure of the Company s
confidential or proprietary information; (iii) any action by the Participant which has a significant detrimental effect on the Company s reputation or business; (iv) the Participant s failure or inability to perform any
reasonable assigned duties after written notice from the Company of, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability; (v) any material breach by the Participant of any employment or service agreement between the Participant and
the Company, which breach is not cured pursuant to the terms of such agreement; or (vi) the Participant s conviction (including any plea of guilty or nolo contendere) of any criminal act which impairs the Participant s ability to
perform his or her duties with the Company. (g) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
and any applicable regulations promulgated thereunder. (h) Committee means the Company s Compensation,
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee or other committee of the Board duly appointed to administer the Plan and having such powers as shall be specified by the Board. If no committee of the Board has been appointed to administer the Plan,
the Board shall exercise all of the powers of the Committee granted herein, and, in any event, the Board may in its discretion exercise any or all of such powers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to the grant and administration of any
Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit or Performance Award which is intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code and regulations thereunder, the Committee shall be composed only of
 outside Directors as defined in Treas. Reg. Section 1.162-27(e)(3). (i) Company means CU
Bancorp, any successor corporation thereto or any subsidiary of CU Bancorp, including but not limited to California United Bank. 
 (j) Director means a member of any Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (k) Disability means the permanent and total disability of the Participant, within the meaning of
Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. (l) Dividend Equivalent means a credit, made at the discretion of the
Committee or as otherwise provided by the Plan, to the account of a Participant in an amount equal to the cash dividends paid on one share of Stock for each share of Stock represented by an Award held by such Participant. 
 (m) Employee means any person treated as an employee (including an Officer or a member of a Board of Directors
who is also treated as an employee) in the records of the Company and, with respect to any Incentive Stock Option granted to such person, who is an employee for purposes of Section 422 of the Code; provided, however, that neither service as a
member of the Board nor payment of a director s fee shall be sufficient to constitute employment for purposes of the Plan. The Company shall determine in good faith and in the exercise of its discretion whether an individual has become or has
ceased to be an Employee and the effective date of such individual s employment or termination of employment, as the case may be. For purposes of an individual s rights, if any, under the Plan as of the time of the Company s
determination, all such determinations by the Company shall be final, binding and conclusive, notwithstanding that the Company or any court of law or governmental agency subsequently makes a contrary determination. 
 (n) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(o) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of a share
of Stock or other property as determined by the Committee, in its discretion, or by the Company, in its discretion, if such determination is expressly allocated to the Company herein, subject to the following: 
 (i) If, on such date, the Stock is readily tradable on an established securities market, the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock shall be
the closing price of a share of Stock as reported on such market at the close of the trading day on such date (or, if the Stock has not traded on such date, on the last preceding day on which the Stock was traded). 
 (ii) If, on such date, the Stock is not readily tradable on an established securities market, the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock shall
be as determined by the Committee by reasonable application of a reasonable valuation method, consistently applied. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
Award granted under the Plan is intended to provide for a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A such that the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock shall be determined in all respects in a manner that is consistent with
that intention. (p) Incentive Stock Option means an Option intended to be (as set forth in the Award
Agreement) and which qualifies as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Code. 
 (q) Insider means an Officer, a member of the Board or any other person whose transactions in Stock are subject
to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. (r) Nonstatutory Stock Option means an Option not intended to be
(as set forth in the Award Agreement) an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Code. 
 (s) Officer means any person designated by the Board as an officer of the Company. 
 (t) Option means the right to purchase Stock at a stated price for a specified period of time granted to a
Participant pursuant to Section 6 of the Plan. An Option may be either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option. 
 (u) Parent Corporation means any present or future parent corporation of the Company, as defined in
Section 424(e) of the Code. (v) Participant means any eligible person who has been granted one or more
Awards. (w) Performance Award means an Award of Performance Units or Cash Bonus Award. 
 (x) Performance Award Formula means, for any Performance Award, a formula or table established by the Committee
pursuant to Section 8.3 of the Plan which provides the basis for computing the value of a Performance Award at one or more threshold levels of attainment of the applicable Performance Goal(s) measured as of the end of the applicable Performance
Period. (y) Performance Goal means a performance goal established by the Committee pursuant to
Section 8.3 of the Plan. (z) Performance Period means a period established by the Committee pursuant
to Section 8.3 of the Plan at the end of which one or more Performance Goals are to be measured. (aa) Performance
Unit means a bookkeeping entry representing a right granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 8 of the Plan to receive a payment equal to the value of a Performance Unit, as determined by the Committee, based upon performance.
 (bb) Restricted Stock Award means an Award of a Restricted Stock Bonus or a Restricted Stock Purchase
Right. (cc) Restricted Stock Bonus means Stock granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 7 of the
Plan. 

(dd) Restricted Stock Purchase Right means a right to purchase
Stock granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 7 of the Plan. (ee) Restricted Stock Unit means a
bookkeeping entry representing a right granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan to receive a share of Stock on the date at which Vesting Conditions applicable to the Restricted Stock Unit are satisfied determined in accordance
with the provisions of Section 9 and the Participant s Award Agreement. (ff) Restriction
Period means the period established in accordance with Section 7.5 of the Plan during which shares subject to a Restricted Stock Award are subject to Vesting Conditions. 
 (gg) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange
Act, as amended from time to time, or any successor rule or regulation. (hh) Section 162(m) means
Section 162(m) of the Code. (ii) Section 280G means Section 280G of the Code. 
 (jj) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code. 
 (kk) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 (ll) Service means a Participant s employment or service with the Company, whether in the capacity of an
Employee or a Director. A Participant s Service shall not be deemed to have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which the Participant renders such Service or a change in the employer for which the Participant renders such
Service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s Service and that such employer is an Affiliate or Subsidiary Corporation of the Company. Furthermore, a Participant s Service shall not be deemed to have
terminated if the Participant takes any military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence approved by the Company. However, if any such leave taken by a Participant exceeds ninety (90) days, then on the one hundred eighty-first
(181st) day following the commencement of such leave any Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant shall cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and instead shall be treated thereafter as a Nonstatutory Stock Option, unless the
Participant s right to return to Service with the Company is guaranteed by statute or contract. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise designated by the Company or required by law, a leave of absence shall not be treated as Service for
purposes of determining vesting under the Participant s Award Agreement. A Participant s Service shall be deemed to have terminated either upon an actual termination of Service. Subject to the foregoing, the Company, in its discretion,
shall determine whether the Participant s Service has terminated and the effective date of such termination. 
 (mm) Stock means the common stock of CU Bancorp, as adjusted from time to time in accordance with
Section 4.2 of the Plan. (nn) Subsidiary Corporation means any present or future subsidiary
corporation of the Company, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code. (oo) Ten Percent
Owner means a Participant who, at the time an Option is granted to the Participant, owns stock possessing more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power within the meaning of Section 422(b)(6) of the Code of
all classes of stock of the Company. (pp) Treasury Regulations means Proposed, Temporary and Final Regulations of the
United States Treasury Department issued under Title 26 of the Code of Federal Regulations. (qq) Vesting
Conditions mean those conditions established in accordance with Section 6.2, Section 7.5, Section 8.4 or Section 9.3 of the Plan prior to the satisfaction of which Options or shares subject to a Restricted Stock
Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award or Performance Award, as applicable, remain subject to forfeiture or a repurchase option in favor of the Company upon the Participant s termination of Service. 

2.2 Construction. Captions and titles contained herein are for
convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of the Plan. Except when otherwise indicated by the context, the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular. Use of the term
 or is not intended to be exclusive, unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 

3. 
 ADMINISTRATION . 3.1 Administration by the
Committee. The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. All questions of interpretation of the Plan or of any Award shall be determined by the Committee, and such determinations shall be final and binding upon all persons having an
interest in the Plan or such Award. 3.2 Authority of Officers. Any Officer shall have the authority to
act on behalf of the Company with respect to any matter, right, obligation, determination or election which is the responsibility of or which is allocated to the Company herein, provided the Officer has apparent authority with respect to such
matter, right, obligation, determination or election. The Board may, in its discretion, delegate to a committee comprised of one or more Officers the authority to grant one or more Awards, without further approval of the Board or the Committee, to
any Employee, other than a person who, at the time of such grant, is an Insider; provided, however, that (a) such Awards shall not be granted for shares in excess of the maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock authorized for issuance
pursuant to Section 4.1, (b) the exercise price per share of each such Award which is an Option shall be not less than the Fair Market Value per share of the Stock on the date of grant and (c) each such Award shall be subject to the
terms and conditions of the appropriate standard form of Award Agreement approved by the Board or the Committee and shall conform to the provisions of the Plan and such other guidelines as shall be established from time to time by the Board or the
Committee. 3.3 Administration with Respect to Insiders. With respect to participation by Insiders in the
Plan, at any time that any class of equity security of the Company is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act, the Plan shall be administered in compliance with the requirements, if any, of Rule 16b-3. 
 3.4 Committee Complying with Section 162(m). If the Company is a publicly held corporation 
within the meaning of Section 162(m), the Board may establish a Committee of outside directors within the meaning of Section 162(m) to approve the grant of any Award which might reasonably be anticipated to qualify as
 performance-based compensation as that term is used in the Treasury Regulations issued under Section 162(m). 
 3.5 Powers of the Committee . In addition to any other powers set forth in the Plan and subject
to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have the full and final power and authority, in its discretion: (a) to determine the
persons to whom, and the time or times at which, Awards shall be granted and the number of shares of Stock, Options to purchase shares of Stock or units to be subject to each Award; 
 (b) to determine the type of Award granted and to designate Options as Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options; 
 (c) to determine the Fair Market Value of shares of Stock or other property; 
 (d) to determine the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to each Award (which need not be identical) and any shares acquired
pursuant thereto, including, without limitation, (i) the exercise or purchase price of shares purchased pursuant to any Award, (ii) the method of payment for shares purchased pursuant to any Award, (iii) the method for satisfaction of
any tax withholding obligation arising in connection with any Award, including by the withholding or delivery of shares of Stock, (iv) the timing, terms and conditions of the exercisability or Vesting Conditions of any Award or any shares
acquired pursuant thereto, (v) the Performance Award Formula and Performance Goals applicable to any Award and the extent to which such Performance Goals have been attained, (vi) the time of the expiration of any Award, (vii) the
effect of the Participant s termination of Service on any of the foregoing, and (viii) all other terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to any Award or shares acquired pursuant thereto not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan;

(e) to determine whether an Award of Performance Units will be settled in shares of Stock, cash,
or in any combination thereof; (f) to approve one or more forms of Award Agreement; 
 (g) to amend, modify, extend, cancel or renew any Award or to waive any restrictions or conditions applicable to any Award or any shares
acquired pursuant thereto; (h) to accelerate, continue, extend or defer the exercisability or Vesting Conditions of any Award or any
shares acquired pursuant thereto, including with respect to the period following a Participant s termination of Service; (i) to
amend, modify or correct any defect in the Plan or any Award in order to avoid the application of Sections 162(m), 280G or 409A to any Award or to the Plan; 
 (j) to prescribe, amend or rescind rules, guidelines and policies relating to the Plan, or to adopt sub-plans or supplements to, or
alternative versions of, the Plan, including, without limitation, as the Committee deems necessary or desirable to comply with the laws or regulations of or to accommodate the tax policy, accounting principles or custom of, foreign jurisdictions
whose citizens may be granted Awards; and (k) to correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or
any Award Agreement and to make all other determinations and take such other actions with respect to the Plan or any Award as the Committee may deem advisable to the extent not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan or applicable law. 
 3.6 Indemnification. In addition to such other rights of indemnification as they may have as members of the
Board or the Committee or as officers or employees of the Company, members of the Board or the Committee and any officers or employees of the Company to whom authority to act for the Board, the Committee or the Company is delegated shall be
indemnified by the Company against all reasonable expenses, including attorneys fees, actually and necessarily incurred in connection with the defense of any action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with any appeal therein, to which they
or any of them may be a party by reason of any action taken or failure to act under or in connection with the Plan, or any right granted hereunder, and against all amounts paid by them in settlement thereof (provided such settlement is approved by
independent legal counsel selected by the Company) or paid by them in satisfaction of a judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding, except in relation to matters as to which it shall be adjudged in such action, suit or proceeding that such
person is liable for gross negligence, bad faith or intentional misconduct in duties; provided, however, that within sixty (60) days after the institution of such action, suit or proceeding, such person shall offer to the Company, in writing,
the opportunity at its own expense to handle and defend the same. 

4. 
 SHARES SUBJECT TO PLAN . 4.1 Maximum Number of Shares
Issuable. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4.2, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock that may be issued under the Plan shall be One Million Four Hundred Ninety Thousand Five Hundred Forty-Seven Shares
(1,490,547) and shall consist of authorized but unissued or reacquired shares of Stock or any combination thereof. If an outstanding Award for any reason expires or is terminated or canceled without having been exercised or settled in full, or
if shares of Stock acquired pursuant to an Award subject to forfeiture or repurchase are forfeited or repurchased by the Company at the Participant s purchase price, the shares of Stock allocable to the terminated portion of such Award or such
forfeited or repurchased shares of Stock shall again be available for issuance under the Plan. Shares of Stock shall not be deemed to have been issued pursuant to the Plan (a) with respect to any portion of an Award that is settled in cash or
(b) to the extent such shares are withheld in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations pursuant to Section 13. If the exercise price of an Option is paid by tender to the Company, or attestation to the ownership, of shares of Stock
owned by the Participant, the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan shall be reduced by the net number of shares for which the Option is exercised. 

4.2 Adjustments for Changes in Capital
Structure . Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Company, in the event of any change in the Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, whether through merger, consolidation,
reorganization, reincorporation, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination of shares, exchange of shares, or similar change in the capital structure of the
Company, or in the event of payment of a dividend or distribution to the stockholders of the Company in a form other than Stock (excepting normal cash dividends) that has a material effect on the Fair Market Value of shares of Stock, appropriate
adjustments shall be made in the number and class of shares subject to the Plan and to any outstanding Awards, and in the exercise or purchase price per share under any outstanding Award in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of
Participants rights under the Plan. For purposes of the foregoing, conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as effected without receipt of consideration by the Company. Any fractional share
resulting from an adjustment pursuant to this Section 4.2 shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number, and in no event may the exercise or purchase price under any Award be decreased to an amount less than the par value, if any, of the
stock subject to such Award. The adjustments determined by the Committee pursuant to this Section 4.2 shall be final, binding and conclusive. 

5. 
 ELIGIBILITY AND AWARD LIMITATIONS . 5.1 Persons Eligible
for Awards. Awards may be granted only to Employees and Directors. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, Employees and Directors shall include prospective Employees and prospective Directors to whom Awards are
granted in connection with written offers of an employment or other service relationship with the Company; provided, however, that no Stock subject to any such Award shall vest, become exercisable or be issued prior to the date on which such person
commences Service. The maximum number of shares of Stock with respect to an Award or Awards may be granted to any Participant shall not exceed ten percent (10 of the total outstanding shares of Stock issued and outstanding. 
 5.2 Award Limitations. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan and subject to adjustment as provided in
Section 4.2, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock with respect to one or more Awards that may be granted to any one person during a calendar year shall be two hundred thousand (200,000) (50,000 shares of stock in the case of
non-employee Directors) and the maximum aggregate amount that may be paid to any one person during a calendar year with respect to one or more Cash Bonus Awards shall be two million dollars 2,000,000). 
 5.3 Participation. Awards are granted solely at the discretion of the Committee. Eligible persons may be
granted more than one (1) Award. However, eligibility in accordance with this Section shall not entitle any person to be granted an Award, or, having been granted an Award, to be granted an additional Award. 
 5.4 Incentive Stock Option Limitations. 
 (a) Persons Eligible. An Incentive Stock Option may be granted only to a person who, on the effective date of grant,
is an Employee of the Company, a Subsidiary Corporation, or a Parent Corporation, (each being an ISO-Qualifying Corporation ). Any person who is not an Employee of an ISO-Qualifying Corporation on the effective date of
the grant of an Option to such person may be granted only a Nonstatutory Stock Option. An Incentive Stock Option granted to a prospective Employee upon the condition that such person become an Employee of an ISO-Qualifying Corporation shall be
deemed granted effective on the date such person commences Service with an ISO-Qualifying Corporation, with an exercise price determined as of such date in accordance with Section 6.1. 
 (b) One Hundred Thousand Dollar Annual Fair Market Value Limitation. To the extent that options designated as
Incentive Stock Options (granted under all stock option plans of the Company, including the Plan and the stock option plans of any Subsidiary Corporation and its Parent Corporation) become exercisable by a Participant for the first time during any
calendar year for stock having a Fair Market Value greater than One Hundred Thousand Dollars 100,000), the portion of such Options which exceeds such amount shall be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this Section, Options
designated as Incentive Stock Options shall be taken into account in the order in which they were granted, and the Fair Market Value of Stock shall be determined as of the time the Option with respect to such Stock is granted. If the Code is amended
to provide for a different limitation from that set forth in this Section, such different limitation shall be deemed incorporated herein effective 

as of the date and with respect to such Options as required or permitted by such amendment to the Code. If an Option is treated as an Incentive Stock Option in part and as a Nonstatutory Stock
Option in part by reason of the limitation set forth in this Section, the Participant may designate which portion of such Option the Participant is exercising. In the absence of such designation, the Participant shall be deemed to have exercised the
Incentive Stock Option portion of the Option first. Upon exercise, shares issued pursuant to each such portion shall be separately identified. 

6. 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS . Options shall be evidenced by Award Agreements
specifying a fixed number of shares of Stock subject to the Option on the original date of grant of the Option, in such form as the Committee shall from time to time establish. No Option or purported Option shall be a valid and binding obligation of
the Company unless evidenced by a fully executed Award Agreement. Award Agreements evidencing Options may incorporate all or any of the terms of the Plan by reference and shall comply with and be subject to the following terms and conditions: 
 6.1 Exercise Price . The exercise price for each Option shall be determined by the Committee;
provided, however, that (a) the exercise price per share shall be not less than the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date of grant of the Option and (b) no Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten Percent Owner shall have an
exercise price per share less than one hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the effective date of grant of the Option. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option (whether an Incentive Stock Option or a
Nonstatutory Stock Option) may be substituted for another option or an Option may be assumed in a corporate transaction and not be treated as the grant of an Option if the substitution or modification qualifies under the provisions of
Section 424(a) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations issued thereunder or under Section 409A, as applicable. 
 6.2 Exercisability and Term of Options . Options shall be exercisable at such time or times, or
upon such event or events, and subject to such terms, conditions, performance criteria and restrictions, including Vesting Conditions based upon the satisfaction of Service requirements, as shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in the
Award Agreement evidencing such Option; provided, however, that (a) no Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years after the date of grant of such Option, (b) no Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten Percent
Owner shall be exercisable after the expiration of five (5) years after the date of grant of such Option, and (c) no Option granted to a prospective Employee or prospective Director may become exercisable prior to the date on which such
person commences Service. Subject to the foregoing, unless otherwise specified by the Committee in the grant of an Option, any Option granted hereunder shall terminate ten (10) years after the date of grant of the Option, unless earlier
terminated in accordance with its provisions. 6.3 Payment of Exercise Price . 
 (a) Forms of Consideration Authorized. Except as otherwise provided below, payment of the exercise price for the
number of shares of Stock being purchased pursuant to any Option shall be made (i) in cash, by check or in cash equivalent, (ii) by tender to the Company, or attestation to the ownership, of shares of Stock owned by the Participant having
a Fair Market Value not less than the exercise price, (iii) by delivery of a properly executed notice of exercise together with irrevocable instructions to a broker providing for the assignment to the Company of the proceeds of a sale or loan
with respect to some or all of the shares being acquired upon the exercise of the Option (including, without limitation, through an exercise complying with the provisions of Regulation T as promulgated from time to time by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System) (a Cashless Exercise ), (iv) by such other consideration as may be approved by the Committee from time to time to the extent permitted by applicable law, or (v) by any
combination thereof. The Committee may at any time or from time to time grant Options which do not permit all of the foregoing forms of consideration to be used in payment of the exercise price or which otherwise restrict one or more forms of
consideration. (b) Limitations on Forms of Consideration . 
 (i) Tender of Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option may not be exercised by tender to the Company, or attestation
to the ownership, of shares of Stock to the extent such tender or attestation would constitute a violation of the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the 

Company s stock. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, an Option may not be exercised by tender to the Company, or attestation to the ownership, of shares of Stock held by an officer
(within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act) unless such shares either have been owned by the Participant for more than six (6) months (and not used for another Option exercise by attestation during such period) or were not
acquired, directly or indirectly, from the Company. (ii) Cashless Exercise. The Company reserves, at any and all times,
the right, in the Company s sole and absolute discretion, to establish, decline to approve or terminate any program or procedures for the exercise of Options by means of a Cashless Exercise, including with respect to one or more Participants
specified by the Company notwithstanding that such program or procedures may be available to other Participants. 
 6.4 Effect of Termination of Service . 
 (a) Option Exercisability . Subject to earlier termination of the Option as otherwise provided herein and
unless otherwise provided by the Committee in the grant of an Option and set forth in the Award Agreement, an Option shall be exercisable after a Participant s termination of Service only during the applicable time period determined in
accordance with this Section and thereafter shall terminate: (i) Disability. If the Participant s Service
terminates because of the Disability of the Participant, the Option, to the extent unexercised and exercisable on the date on which the Participant s Service terminated, may be exercised by the Participant (or the Participant s guardian or
legal representative) at any time prior to the expiration of one (1) year) (or such longer period of time as determined by the Board or Committee, in its discretion) after the date on which the Participant s Service terminated, but in
any event no later than the date of expiration of the Option s term as set forth in the Award Agreement evidencing such Option (the Option Expiration Date ). 
 (ii) Death. If the Participant s Service terminates because of the death of the Participant, the Option, to the extent
unexercised and exercisable on the date on which the Participant s Service terminated, may be exercised by the Participant s legal representative or other person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by reason of the
Participant s death at any time prior to the expiration of one (1) year) (or such longer period of time as determined by the Board or Committee, in its discretion) after the date on which the Participant s Service terminated, but
in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date. The Participant s Service shall be deemed to have terminated on account of death if the Participant dies within ninety (90) days (or such longer period of time as determined by the
Board, in its discretion) after the Participant s termination of Service. (iii) Termination for
Cause. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, if the Participant s Service is terminated for Cause, the Option shall terminate and cease to be exercisable immediately upon such termination of Service. 
 (iv) Other Termination of Service. If the Participant s Service terminates for any reason, except Disability, death or
Cause, the Option, to the extent unexercised and exercisable by the Participant on the date on which the Participant s Service terminated, may be exercised by the Participant at any time prior to the expiration of ninety (90) days (or such
longer period of time as determined by the Board or Committee, in its discretion) after the date on which the Participant s Service terminated, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date. 
 (b) Extension if Exercise Prevented by Law . Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than termination of Service
for Cause, if the exercise of an Option within the applicable time periods set forth in Section 6.4(a) is prevented by the provisions of Section 12 below, the Option shall remain exercisable until ninety (90) days (or such longer
period of time as determined by the Board or Committee, in its discretion) after the date the Participant is notified by the Company that the Option is exercisable, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date. 
 (c) Extension if Participant Subject to Section 16(b) . Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than
termination of Service for Cause, if a sale within the applicable time periods set forth in Section 6.4(a) of shares acquired upon the exercise of the Option would subject the Participant to suit under Section 16(b) of the Exchange

Act, the Option shall remain exercisable until the earliest to occur of (i) the tenth (10th) day following the date on which a sale of such shares by the Participant would no longer be
subject to such suit, (ii) the one hundred and ninetieth (190th) day after the Participant s termination of Service, or (iii) the Option Expiration Date. 
 6.5 Transferability of Options. During the lifetime of the Participant, an Option shall be exercisable only by
the Participant or the Participant s guardian or legal representative. Prior to the issuance of shares of Stock upon the exercise of an Option, the Option shall not be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, exchange, transfer,
assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or garnishment by creditors of the Participant or the Participant s beneficiary, except transfer by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 6.6 Prohibition Against Option Repricing. Except as provided in Section 4.2 and notwithstanding any other
provision of this Plan, neither the Board nor the Committee shall have the right or authority following the grant of any Option pursuant to the Plan to amend or modify the Exercise Price of any such Option, or to cancel the Option at a time when the
Exercise Price is greater than the Fair Market Value of the Shares in exchange for another Option or Award. 

7. 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS . Restricted Stock Awards shall
be evidenced by Award Agreements specifying whether the Award is a Restricted Stock Bonus or a Restricted Stock Purchase Right and the number of shares of Stock subject to the Award, in such form as the Committee shall from time to time establish.
No Restricted Stock Award or purported Restricted Stock Award shall be a valid and binding obligation of the Company unless evidenced by a fully executed Award Agreement. Award Agreements evidencing Restricted Stock Awards may incorporate all or any
of the terms of the Plan by reference and shall comply with and be subject to the following terms and conditions: 
 7.1 Types of Restricted Stock Awards Authorized. Restricted Stock Awards may be in the form of either a
Restricted Stock Bonus or a Restricted Stock Purchase Right. Restricted Stock Awards may be granted upon such conditions as the Committee shall determine, including, without limitation, upon the attainment of one or more Performance Goals described
in Section 8.4. If either the grant of a Restricted Stock Award or the lapse of the Restriction Period is to be contingent upon the attainment of one or more Performance Goals, the Committee shall follow procedures substantially equivalent to
those set forth in Sections 8.3 through 8.5(a). 7.2 Purchase Price. The purchase price for shares of
Stock issuable under each Restricted Stock Purchase Right shall be established by the Committee in its discretion. No monetary payment (other than applicable tax withholding) shall be required as a condition of receiving shares of Stock pursuant to
a Restricted Stock Bonus, the consideration for which shall be services actually rendered to the Company or for its benefit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant shall furnish consideration in the form of cash or past services rendered to
the Company or for its benefit. 7.3 Purchase Period. A Restricted Stock Purchase Right shall be
exercisable within a period established by the Committee, which shall in no event shall extend to any period which shall cause the Restricted Stock Purchase Right to be treated as a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A or
exceed thirty (30) days from the date of the grant of the Restricted Stock Purchase Right. In addition, no Restricted Stock Purchase Right granted to a prospective Employee or prospective Director may become exercisable prior to the date on
which such person commences Service. 7.4 Payment of Purchase Price. Except as otherwise provided below,
payment of the purchase price for the number of shares of Stock being purchased pursuant to any Restricted Stock Purchase Right shall be made (a) in cash, by check, or in cash equivalent, (b) by such other consideration as may be approved
by the Committee from time to time to the extent permitted by applicable law, or (iii) by any combination thereof. The Committee may at any time or from time to time grant Restricted Stock Purchase Rights which do not permit all of the
foregoing forms of consideration to be used in payment of the purchase price or which otherwise restrict one or more forms of consideration. Restricted Stock Bonuses shall be issued in consideration for past services actually rendered to the Company
or for its benefit. 7.5 Vesting and Restrictions on Transfer. Shares issued pursuant to any Restricted
Stock Award may or may not be made subject to Vesting Conditions based upon the satisfaction of such Service requirements, conditions, restrictions or performance criteria, including, without limitation, Performance Goals as described in
Section 8.4, as shall be established by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement evidencing such 

Award. During any Restriction Period in which shares acquired pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award remain subject to Vesting Conditions, such shares may not be sold, exchanged, transferred,
pledged, assigned or otherwise disposed of other than pursuant to a Change in Control, as defined in Section 11.1, or as provided in Section 7.8. Upon request by the Company, each Participant shall execute any agreement evidencing such
transfer restrictions prior to the receipt of shares of Stock hereunder and shall promptly present to the Company any and all certificates representing shares of Stock acquired hereunder for the placement on such certificates of appropriate legends
evidencing any such transfer restrictions. 7.6 Voting Rights; Dividends and Distributions. Except as
provided in this Section, Section 7.5 and any Award Agreement, during the Restriction Period applicable to shares subject to a Restricted Stock Award, the Participant shall have all of the rights of a stockholder of the Company holding shares
of Stock, including the right to vote such shares and to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to such shares. However, in the event of a dividend or distribution paid in shares of Stock or any other adjustment made upon a
change in the capital structure of the Company as described in Section 4.2, then any and all new, substituted or additional securities or other property (other than normal cash dividends) to which the Participant is entitled by reason of the
Participant s Restricted Stock Award shall be immediately subject to the same Vesting Conditions as the shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award with respect to which such dividends or distributions were paid or adjustments were made. 
 7.7 Effect of Termination of Service. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in the grant of a Restricted
Stock Award and set forth in the Award Agreement, if a Participant s Service terminates for any reason, whether voluntary or involuntary (including the Participant s death or disability), then (a) the Company shall have the option to
repurchase for the purchase price paid by the Participant any shares acquired by the Participant pursuant to a Restricted Stock Purchase Right which remain subject to Vesting Conditions as of the date of the Participant s termination of Service
and (b) the Participant shall forfeit to the Company any shares acquired by the Participant pursuant to a Restricted Stock Bonus which remain subject to Vesting Conditions as of the date of the Participant s termination of Service. The
Company shall have the right to assign at any time any repurchase right it may have, whether or not such right is then exercisable, to one or more persons as may be selected by the Company. 
 7.8 Nontransferability of Restricted Stock Award Rights. Prior to the issuance of shares of Stock pursuant to
a Restricted Stock Award, rights to acquire such shares shall not be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or garnishment by creditors of the Participant or the
Participant s beneficiary, except transfer by will or the laws of descent and distribution. All rights with respect to a Restricted Stock Award granted to a Participant hereunder shall be exercisable during his or her lifetime only by such
Participant or the Participant s guardian or legal representative. 

8. 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PERFORMANCE AWARDS . Performance Awards shall be
evidenced by Award Agreements in such form as the Committee shall from time to time establish. No Performance Award or purported Performance Award shall be a valid and binding obligation of the Company unless evidenced by a fully executed Award
Agreement. Award Agreements evidencing Performance Awards may incorporate all or any of the terms of the Plan by reference and shall comply with and be subject to the following terms and conditions: 
 8.1 Types of Performance Awards Authorized. Performance Awards may be in the form of Performance Units or Cash
Bonus Awards. Each Award Agreement evidencing a Performance Award shall specify the number of Performance Units or Cash Bonus Award opportunity subject thereto, the Performance Award Formula, the Performance Goal(s) and Performance Period applicable
to the Award, and the other terms, conditions and restrictions of the Award. 8.2 Value of Performance
Awards. The final value payable to the Participant in settlement of a Performance Award determined on the basis of the applicable Performance Award Formula will depend on the extent to which Performance Goals established by the Committee
are attained within the applicable Performance Period established by the Committee. 

8.3 Establishment of Performance Period, Performance Goals and
Performance Award Formula. In granting each Performance Award, the Committee shall establish in writing the applicable Performance Period, Performance Award Formula and one or more Performance Goals which, when measured at the end of the
Performance Period, shall determine on the basis of the Performance Award Formula the final value of the Performance Award to be paid to the Participant. Unless otherwise permitted in compliance with the requirements under Section 162(m) with
respect to performance-based compensation, the Committee shall establish the Performance Goal(s) and Performance Award Formula applicable to each Performance Award no later than the earlier of (a) the date ninety (90) days
after the commencement of the applicable Performance Period or (b) the date on which 25 of the Performance Period has elapsed, and, in any event, at a time when the outcome of the Performance Goals remains substantially uncertain. Once
established, the Performance Goals and Performance Award Formula shall not be changed during the Performance Period. The Company shall notify each Participant granted a Performance Award of the terms of such Award, including the Performance Period,
Performance Goal(s) and Performance Award Formula. 8.4 Measurement of Performance Goals. Performance
Goals shall be established by the Committee on the basis of targets to be attained Performance Targets with respect to one or more measures of business or financial performance (each, a Performance
Measure ), subject to the following: (a) Performance Measures. Performance Measures shall have the
same meanings as used in the Company s financial statements, or, if such terms are not used in the Company s financial statements, they shall have the meaning applied pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles, or as used
generally in the Company s industry. Performance Measures shall be calculated with respect to the Company, its Parent Corporation and each Subsidiary Corporation consolidated therewith for financial reporting purposes or such division or other
business unit as may be selected by the Committee. For purposes of the Plan, the Performance Measures applicable to a Performance Award shall exclude the effect (whether positive or negative) of any change in accounting standards or any
extraordinary, unusual or nonrecurring item, as determined by the Committee, occurring after the establishment of the Performance Goals applicable to the Performance Award; provided, however, no such adjustment shall made be if the exercise of such
authority by the Committee would constitute the exercise of impermissible discretion, within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.162-27(e)(2)(iii), or would otherwise cause Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units or
Performance Awards granted under the Plan that are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code and regulations thereunder to otherwise fail to qualify as performance-based
compensation under Section 162(m) and regulations thereunder. Performance Measures may be one or more of the following, as determined by the Committee: revenue; net interest income; non-interest income; net interest margin; operating
income; earnings before taxes; earnings before interest taxes depreciation and amortization; earnings before interest and taxes; pre-tax income; net income; market share; business unit volume; capital; tangible book value; expense management; the
market price of the Stock; total shareholder return; return on equity; return on capital; return on assets; return on tangible equity; return on tangible common equity; efficiency ratio; number of customers; number of accounts; assets; asset mix;
deposits; non-interest bearing deposits; deposit mix; loans; loan mix; asset quality; credit quality; regulatory exam results; audit results; customer satisfaction (determined based on objective criteria approved by the Committee); and execution of
strategic initiatives (determined based on objective criteria approved by the Committee); cost of funds; cost of deposits; Texas ratio. A Performance Measure may be expressed in any form that the Committee determines, including, but not limited to:
absolute value, ratio, average, percentage growth, absolute growth, cumulative growth, performance in relation to an index, performance in relation to peer company performance, per share of common stock outstanding, or per full-time equivalent
employee. (b) Performance Targets. Performance Targets may include a minimum, maximum, target level and
intermediate levels of performance, with the final value of a Performance Award determined under the applicable Performance Award Formula by the level attained during the applicable Performance Period. A Performance Target may be stated as an
absolute value or as a value determined relative to a standard selected by the Committee. 8.5 Settlement of
Performance Awards . (a) Determination of Final Value. As soon as practicable following the completion of the
Performance Period applicable to an Award, the Committee shall certify in writing the extent to which the 

applicable Performance Goals have been attained and the resulting final value of the Award earned by the Participant and to be paid upon its settlement in accordance with the applicable
Performance Award Formula. (b) Discretionary Adjustment of Award Formula. In its discretion, the Committee may,
either at the time it grants a Performance Award or at any time thereafter, provide for the positive or negative adjustment of the Performance Award Formula applicable to a Performance Award granted to any Participant who is not a covered
employee within the meaning of Section 162(m) (a Covered Employee to reflect such Participant s individual performance in his or her position with the Company or such other factors as the Committee may
determine. If permitted under a Covered Employee s Award Agreement, the Committee shall have the discretion, on the basis of such criteria as may be established by the Committee, to reduce some or all of the value of the Performance Award that
would otherwise be paid to the Covered Employee upon its settlement notwithstanding the attainment of any Performance Goal and the resulting value of the Performance Award determined in accordance with the Performance Award Formula. No such
reduction may result in an increase in the amount payable upon settlement of another Participant s Performance Award. 
 (c) Effect of Leaves of Absence. Unless otherwise required by law, payment of the final value, if any, of a
Performance Award held by a Participant who has taken in excess of thirty (30) days in leaves of absence during a Performance Period shall be prorated on the basis of the number of days of the Participant s Service during the Performance
Period during which the Participant was not on a leave of absence. (d) Notice to Participants. As soon as
practicable following the Committee s determination and certification in accordance with Sections 8.5(a) and (b), the Company shall notify each Participant of the determination of the Committee. 
 (e) Payment in Settlement of Performance Awards. As soon as practicable following the Committee s determination
and certification in accordance with Sections 8.5(a) and (b), payment shall be made to each eligible Participant (or such Participant s legal representative or other person who acquired the right to receive such payment by reason of the
Participant s death) of the final value of the Participant s Performance Award. Payment of such amount shall be made in cash, shares of Stock, or a combination thereof as determined by the Committee. Unless otherwise provided in the Award
Agreement evidencing a Performance Award, payment shall be made in a lump sum. In no event shall payment of a Performance Award be made later than the 15th day of the third month following the taxable year of the Participant in which the Participant
has a legally binding right to the Performance Award. (f) Provisions Applicable to Payment in Shares. If payment
is to be made in shares of Stock, the number of such shares shall be determined by dividing the final value of the Performance Award by the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock. Shares of Stock issued in payment of any Performance Award may be
fully vested and freely transferable shares or may be shares of Stock subject to Vesting Conditions as provided in Section 7.5. Any shares subject to Vesting Conditions shall be evidenced by an appropriate Award Agreement and shall be subject
to the provisions of Sections 7.5 through 7.8 above. 8.6 Effect of Termination of Service. Unless
otherwise provided by the Committee in the grant of a Performance Award and set forth in the Award Agreement, the effect of a Participant s termination of Service on the Performance Award shall be as follows: 
 (a) Death or Disability. If the Participant s Service terminates because of the death or Disability of the
Participant before the completion of the Performance Period applicable to the Performance Award, the final value of the Participant s Performance Award shall be determined by the extent to which the applicable Performance Goals have been
attained with respect to the entire Performance Period and shall be prorated based on the number of months of the Participant s Service during the Performance Period. Payment shall be made following the end of the Performance Period in any
manner permitted by Section 8.5. (b) Other Termination of Service. If the Participant s Service
terminates for any reason except death or Disability before the completion of the Performance Period applicable to the Performance Award, such Award shall be forfeited in its entirety. 

8.7 Nontransferability of Performance Awards. Prior to
settlement in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, no Performance Award shall be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or garnishment by creditors of the Participant or
the Participant s beneficiary, except transfer by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. All rights with respect to a Performance Award granted to a Participant hereunder shall be exercisable during his or her lifetime only by such
Participant or the Participant s guardian or legal representative. 

9. 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARDS . Restricted Stock Unit
Awards shall be evidenced by Award Agreements specifying the number of Restricted Stock Units subject to the Award, in such form as the Committee shall from time to time establish. No Restricted Stock Unit Award or purported Restricted Stock Unit
Award shall be a valid and binding obligation of the Company unless evidenced by a fully executed Award Agreement. Award Agreements evidencing Restricted Stock Units may incorporate all or any of the terms of the Plan by reference and shall comply
with and be subject to the following terms and conditions: 9.1 Grant of Restricted Stock Unit
Awards. Restricted Stock Unit Awards may be granted upon such conditions as the Committee shall determine, including, without limitation, upon the attainment of one or more Performance Goals described in Section 8.4. If either the
grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award or the Vesting Conditions with respect to such Award is to be contingent upon the attainment of one or more Performance Goals, the Committee shall follow procedures substantially equivalent to those set forth
in Sections 8.3 through 8.5(a). 9.2 Purchase Price. No monetary payment (other than applicable
tax withholding, if any) shall be required as a condition of receiving a Restricted Stock Unit Award. 
 9.3 Vesting. Restricted Stock Units may or may not be made subject to Vesting Conditions based upon the
satisfaction of such Service requirements, conditions, restrictions or performance criteria, including, without limitation, Performance Goals as described in Section 8.4, as shall be established by the Committee and set forth in the Award
Agreement evidencing such Award. 9.4 Voting Rights, Dividend Equivalent Rights and
Distributions. Participants shall have no voting rights with respect to shares of Stock represented by Restricted Stock Units until the date of the issuance of such shares (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company
or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). However, the Committee, in its discretion, may provide in the Award Agreement evidencing any Restricted Stock Unit Award that the Participant shall be entitled to receive Dividend Equivalents
with respect to the payment of cash dividends on Stock having a record date prior to date on which Restricted Stock Units held by such Participant are settled. Such Dividend Equivalents, if any, shall be paid by crediting the Participant with
additional whole Restricted Stock Units as of the date of payment of such cash dividends on Stock. The number of additional Restricted Stock Units (rounded to the nearest whole number) to be so credited shall be determined by dividing (a) the
amount of cash dividends paid on such date with respect to the number of shares of Stock represented by the Restricted Stock Units previously credited to the Participant by (b) the Fair Market Value per share of Stock on such date. Such
additional Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to the same terms and conditions and shall be settled in the same manner and at the same time (or as soon thereafter as practicable) as the Restricted Stock Units originally subject to the
Restricted Stock Unit Award. In the event of a dividend or distribution paid in shares of Stock or any other adjustment made upon a change in the capital structure of the Company as described in Section 4.2, appropriate adjustments shall be
made in the Participant s Restricted Stock Unit Award so that it represents the right to receive upon settlement any and all new, substituted or additional securities or other property (other than normal cash dividends) to which the Participant
would entitled by reason of the shares of Stock issuable upon settlement of the Award, and all such new, substituted or additional securities or other property shall be immediately subject to the same Vesting Conditions as are applicable to the
Award. 9.5 Effect of Termination of Service. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in the grant of a
Restricted Stock Unit Award and set forth in the Award Agreement, if a Participant s Service terminates for any reason, whether voluntary or involuntary (including the Participant s death or disability), then the Participant shall forfeit
to the Company any Restricted Stock Units pursuant to the Award which remain subject to Vesting Conditions as of the date of the Participant s termination of Service. 

9.6 Settlement of Restricted Stock Unit Awards. The Company
shall issue to a Participant on the earlier of the date on which Restricted Stock Units subject to the Participant s Restricted Stock Unit Award satisfy applicable Vesting Conditions or on such other date determined by the Committee, in its
discretion, and set forth in the Award Agreement one (1) share of Stock (and/or any other new, substituted or additional securities or other property pursuant to an adjustment described in Section 9.4) for each Restricted Stock Unit then
becoming vested or otherwise to be settled on such date, subject to the withholding of applicable taxes. 
 9.7 Nontransferability of Restricted Stock Unit Awards. Prior to the issuance of shares of Stock in settlement
of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Award shall not be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or garnishment by creditors of the Participant or the Participant s
beneficiary, except transfer by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. All rights with respect to a Restricted Stock Unit Award granted to a Participant hereunder shall be exercisable during his or her lifetime only by such Participant or
the Participant s guardian or legal representative. 

10. 
 STANDARD FORMS OF AWARD AGREEMENT . 10.1 Award
Agreements . Each Award shall comply with and be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the appropriate form of Award Agreement approved by the Committee and as amended from time to time. Any Award Agreement may
consist of an appropriate form of Notice of Grant and a form of Agreement incorporated therein by reference, or such other form or forms as the Committee may approve from time to time. 
 10.2 Authority to Vary Terms . The Committee shall have the authority from time to time to vary
the terms of any standard form of Award Agreement either in connection with the grant or amendment of an individual Award or in connection with the authorization of a new standard form or forms; provided, however, that the terms and conditions of
any such new, revised or amended standard form or forms of Award Agreement are not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan. 

11. 
 CHANGE IN CONTROL . 11.1 Definition . 
 (a) An Ownership Change Event shall be deemed to have occurred if any of the following
occurs with respect to the Company: (i) the direct or indirect sale or exchange in a single or series of related transactions by the stockholders of the Company of more than fifty percent (50 of the voting stock of the Company;
(ii) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is a party; (iii) the sale, exchange, or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (other than a sale, exchange or transfer to one or more subsidiaries of the
Company); or (iv) a liquidation or dissolution of the Company. (b) A Change in Control shall
mean an Ownership Change Event or series of related Ownership Change Events (collectively, a Transaction in which the stockholders of the Company immediately before the Transaction do not retain
immediately after the Transaction, in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company s voting stock immediately before the Transaction, direct or indirect beneficial ownership of more than fifty percent
(50 of the total combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of the Company or, in the case of an Ownership Change Event described in Section 11.1(a)(iii), the entity to which the assets of the Company were transferred
(the Transferee ), as the case may be. For purposes of the preceding sentence, indirect beneficial ownership shall include, without limitation, an interest resulting from ownership of the voting securities
of one or more corporations or other business entities which own the Company or the Transferee, as the case may be, either directly or through one or more subsidiary corporations or other business entities. The Committee shall have the right to
determine whether multiple sales or exchanges of the voting securities of the Company or multiple Ownership Change Events are related, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 11.2 Effect of Change in Control on Options . 
 (a) Accelerated Vesting. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Committee, in its sole
discretion, may provide in any Award Agreement or, in the event of a Change in Control, may 

take such actions as it deems appropriate to provide for the acceleration of the exercisability and vesting in connection with such Change in Control of any or all outstanding Options and shares
acquired upon the exercise of such Options upon such conditions and to such extent as the Committee shall determine. 
 (b) Assumption or Substitution . In the event of a Change in Control, the surviving, continuing, successor, or purchasing
entity or parent thereof, as the case may be (the Acquiror ), may, without the consent of any Participant, either assume the Company s rights and obligations under outstanding Options Assumed
Options or substitute for outstanding Options substantially equivalent options Substituted Options (as the case may be) for the Acquiror s stock; provided, however that such Assumed Options or such
Substituted Options shall provide or contain a provision that accelerates the exercisability and vesting of such Assumed or Substituted Options if within eighteen (18) months of the occurrence of the Ownership Change Event any one or more of
the following occurs: (i) the termination of Service of the Participant by the Acquiror without Cause, (ii) the change in the location where the Participant regularly performs Service to a place more than twenty five (25) miles from
the location where the Participant regularly performed Service prior to the Ownership Change Event, or (iii) the base salary of the Participant is reduced by ten percent (10 or more. Any unvested Options which are not assumed by the
Acquiror or exchanged for Substituted Options in connection with a Change in Control shall become immediately exercisable five (5) days prior to the time of consummation of the Change in Control. and each affected Participant shall be provided
ten (10) days notice by the Company of the Acquiror s intention not to assume the Options or grant Substituted Options. 
 (c) Cash-Out of Options . The Committee may, in its sole discretion and without the consent of any Participant, determine
that, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, each or any Option outstanding immediately prior to the Change in Control shall be canceled in exchange for a payment with respect to each share of Stock, vested or unvested (at the discretion of the
Committee), subject to such canceled Option in (i) cash, (ii) stock of the Company or of a corporation or other business entity a party to the Change in Control, or (iii) other property which, in any such case, shall be in an amount
having a Fair Market Value equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of the consideration to be paid per share of Stock in the Change in Control over the exercise price per share under such Option (the Spread ). In
the event such determination is made by the Committee, the Spread (reduced by applicable withholding taxes, if any) shall be paid to Participants in respect of their canceled Options as soon as practicable following the date of the Change in
Control. 11.3 Effect of Change in Control on Restricted Stock Awards. The Committee may, in its
discretion, provide in any Award Agreement evidencing a Restricted Stock Award that, in the event of a Change in Control, the lapsing of the Restriction Period applicable to the shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award held by a Participant
whose Service has not terminated prior to the Change in Control shall be accelerated effective immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control to such extent as specified in such Award Agreement. Any acceleration of the lapsing of the
Restriction Period that was permissible solely by reason of this Section 11.3 and the provisions of such Award Agreement shall be conditioned upon the consummation of the Change in Control. 
 11.4 Effect of Change in Control on Performance Awards. The Committee may, in its discretion, provide in any
Award Agreement evidencing a Performance Award that, in the event of a Change in Control, the Performance Award held by a Participant whose Service has not terminated prior to the Change in Control shall become payable effective as of the date of
the Change in Control to such extent as specified in such Award Agreement. 11.5 Effect of Change in Control on
Restricted Stock Unit Awards. The Committee may, in its discretion, provide in any Award Agreement evidencing a Restricted Stock Unit Award that, in the event of a Change in Control, the Restricted Stock Unit Award held by a Participant
whose Service has not terminated prior to such date shall be settled effective as of the date of the Change in Control to such extent as specified in such Award Agreement. 

12. 
 COMPLIANCE WITH SECURITIES LAW . The grant of Awards and the issuance of shares
of Stock pursuant to any Award shall be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of federal, state and foreign law with respect to such securities (including the Securities Act and any equivalent requirements under state laws) and the
requirements of any stock exchange or 

market system upon which the Stock may then be listed. The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Company s
legal counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any shares hereunder shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been
obtained. As a condition to issuance of any Stock, the Company may require the Participant to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate, to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation and to make any
representation or warranty with respect thereto as may be requested by the Company. 

13. 
 TAX WITHHOLDING . 13.1 Tax Withholding in
General. The Company shall have the right to deduct from any and all payments made under the Plan, or to require the Participant, through payroll withholding, cash payment or otherwise, including by means of a Cashless Exercise of an
Option, to make adequate provision for the federal, state, local and foreign taxes, if any, required by law to be withheld by the Company with respect to an Award or the shares of Stock acquired pursuant thereto. The Company shall have no obligation
to deliver shares of Stock, or to make any payment in cash under the Plan until the Company s tax withholding obligations have been satisfied by the Participant. 
 13.2 Withholding in Shares. The Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to deduct from the
shares of Stock issuable to a Participant upon the exercise or settlement of an Award, or to accept from the Participant the tender of, a number of whole shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value, as determined by the Company, equal to all or any
part of the tax withholding obligations of the Company. The Fair Market Value of any shares of Stock withheld or tendered to satisfy any such tax withholding obligations shall not exceed the amount determined by the applicable minimum statutory
withholding rates. 

14. 
 AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF PLAN . The Committee may amend, suspend or terminate
the Plan at any time. However, without the approval of the Company s stockholders, there shall be (a) no increase in the maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock that may be issued under the Plan (except by operation of the provisions
of Section 4.2), (b) no change in the class of persons eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options, and (c) no other amendment of the Plan that would require approval of the Company s stockholders under any applicable law,
regulation or rule. No amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan shall affect any then outstanding Award unless expressly provided by the Committee. In any event, no amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan may adversely affect any
then outstanding Award without the consent of the Participant unless necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule. 

15. 
 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS . 15.1 Repurchase
Rights . Shares issued under the Plan may be subject to one or more repurchase options, or other conditions and restrictions as determined by the Committee in its discretion at the time the Award is granted. The Company shall
have the right to assign at any time any repurchase right it may have, whether or not such right is then exercisable, to one or more persons as may be selected by the Company. Upon request by the Company, each Participant shall execute any agreement
evidencing such transfer restrictions prior to the receipt of shares of Stock hereunder and shall promptly present to the Company any and all certificates representing shares of Stock acquired hereunder for the placement on such certificates of
appropriate legends evidencing any such transfer restrictions. 15.2 Provision of Information. Each
Participant shall be given access to information concerning the Company equivalent to that information generally made available to the Company s common stockholders. 
 15.3 Rights as Employee or Director. No person, even though eligible pursuant to Section 5, shall have a
right to be selected as a Participant, or, having been so selected, to be selected again as a Participant. Nothing in the Plan or any Award granted under the Plan shall confer on any Participant a right to remain an Employee or Director or interfere
with or limit in any way any right of the Company to terminate the Participant s Service at any time. To the extent that an Employee of an employer other than the Company receives an Award under the Plan, that Award shall in no event be
understood or interpreted to mean that the Company is the Employee s employer or that the Employee has an employment relationship with the Company. 

15.4 Rights as a Stockholder. A Participant shall have no rights
as a stockholder with respect to any shares covered by an Award until the date of the issuance of such shares (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No adjustment
shall be made for dividends, distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such shares are issued, except as provided in Section 4.2 or another provision of the Plan. 
 15.5 Fractional Shares. The Company shall not be required to issue fractional shares upon the exercise or
settlement of any Award. 15.6 Severability . If any one or more of the provisions (or any part thereof) of this
Plan shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such provision shall be modified so as to make it valid, legal and enforceable, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions (or any part thereof) of
the Plan shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 15.7 Beneficiary Designation. Subject to
local laws and procedures, each Participant may file with the Company a written designation of a beneficiary who is to receive any benefit under the Plan to which the Participant is entitled in the event of such Participant s death before he or
she receives any or all of such benefit. Each designation will revoke all prior designations by the same Participant, shall be in a form prescribed by the Company, and will be effective only when filed by the Participant in writing with the Company
during the Participant s lifetime. If a married Participant designates a beneficiary other than the Participant s spouse, the effectiveness of such designation may be subject to the consent of the Participant s spouse. If a
Participant dies without an effective designation of a beneficiary who is living at the time of the Participant s death, the Company will pay any remaining unpaid benefits to the Participant s legal representative. 
 15.8 Regulatory Law Compliance . 
 (a) If the Company s capital falls below minimum regulatory requirements, as determined by the California Department of Financial
Institutions (the DFI or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC (collectively, referred to as Supervisory Authority ), the Supervisory Authority may direct the Company to require Optionees to
exercise or forfeit some or all of their Stock Options. (b) The grant of any Stock Options is subject to the review and approval from
time to time of the Supervisory Authority and that in the event any Supervisory Authority interposes an objection to the issuance of Stock Options granted or to be granted hereunder, or otherwise requires or recommends that the Company cancel some
or all of Stock Options Shares, or change the terms or conditions hereof, the Company, through the Stock Option Committee or such other Committee which may be designated as empowered to make determinations with regard to this Plan, shall have the
right to take all such action required or recommended by such Supervisory Authority including, without limitation, the cancellation of Stock Options hereunder at no additional consideration to Optionees holding such Stock Options. 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 4
 d856177dex105.htm
 EX-10.5

EX-10.5 

Exhibit 10.5 
 1 ST ENTERPRISE BANK 
 2006 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 as Amended and Restated 
 March 18, 2009 Section 1. Purpose
 The purpose of 1 st Enterprise Bank 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the
 Plan is to (i) encourage selected employees and directors of 1 st Enterprise Bank (the Bank and its subsidiaries to acquire a proprietary and vested interest in
the growth and performance of the Bank; (ii) generate an increased incentive to contribute to the Bank s future success and prosperity, thus enhancing the value of the Bank for the benefit of shareholders; and (iii) enhance the
ability of the Bank and its subsidiaries to attract and retain individuals of exceptional talent upon whom, in large measure, the sustained progress, growth and profitability of the Bank depend. 
 Section 2. Definitions For purposes
of the Plan, the following terms have the following meanings: (a) Award means any Option or Restricted Stock Award. 
 (b) Award Agreement means, with respect to each Award, the signed written agreement between the Bank and the Participant setting
forth the terms and conditions of the Award. (c) Board means the Board of Directors of the Bank. 
 (d) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 (e) Consultants means professionals and other individuals with banking or management experience who provide services to the Bank
or its subsidiaries. (f) Fair Market Value means the fair market value of the Common Stock as determined by the Board (or
committee thereof) in good faith in accordance with any reasonable valuation method, consistent with all applicable requirements under the Code or other applicable laws, and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (g) Founders means the initial Founders of the Bank who are neither officers or directors of the Bank and who advanced pre-opening expenses in connection with the Bank s organization. 

(h) Holder means the holder of a Restricted Stock Award granted under Section 7.
 (i) Incentive Option means any Option intended to be and designated as an incentive stock option within the
meaning of Section 422 of the Code. (j) Issue Date shall mean the date established by the Board (or committee thereof)
on which Certificates representing shares of Restricted Stock shall be issued by the Bank pursuant to the terms of Section 7(b). (k)
 Non-Qualified Option means any Option that is not an Incentive Option. (l)
 Option means an option granted under Section 6. (m) Optionee means the holder of an Option granted under
Section 6. (n) Participant means an employee, director, Founder or Consultant who is selected by the Board (or committee
thereof) to receive an Award under the Plan. (o) Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Award means an Award of
Stock subject to restrictions, as more fully described in Section 7. (p) Restriction Period means the period determined
by the Board (or committee thereof) under Section 7(b). (q) Stock means the Common Stock, no par value, of the Bank, and
any successor security. (r) Terminating Event means: (i) a reorganization, merger, or consolidation of the Bank with one
or more corporations as a result of which the Bank will not be the surviving corporation, (ii) a sale of substantially all the assets and property of the Bank to another person, corporation or entity, or (iii) a change in
control , i.e., any other single transaction involving the Bank (such as a tender offer) where there is a change in ownership of at least fifty-one percent (51 of the Bank s outstanding shares, unless such change in ownership
results from (i) a transfer of shares to another corporation in exchange for at least eighty percent (80 control of that corporation (such as in a holding company reorganization), or (ii) the issuance of additional shares of stock
by the Bank in a public stock offering, private placement or similar transaction. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary set forth herein, a Terminating Event shall not include any sale of stock or securities, merger, transfer of
assets, consolidation, reorganization or any other transaction instituted by or at the request of the California Commissioner of Financial Institutions or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to resolve any supervisory concerns respecting the
Bank. (s) Termination means, for purposes of the Plan, with respect to a Participant, that (a) if the Participant is a
director of the Bank, he or she has ceased to be, for any reason, a director and (b) if the Participant is an employee, he or she has ceased to be, for any reason, employed by the Bank or a subsidiary. 
 2 

(t) Termination for Cause in the case of an employee, shall mean termination for
malfeasance or gross misfeasance in the performance of duties, conviction of illegal activity in connection therewith, any conduct seriously detrimental to the interests of the Bank or a subsidiary corporation, or removal pursuant to the exercise of
regulatory authority by the Department of Financial Institutions DFI ), the FDIC or other bank supervisory agency; and, in any event, the determination of the Board of Directors with respect thereto shall be final and conclusive. In the
case of a director, termination for cause shall include removal pursuant to Sections 302 or 304 of the California Corporations Code or removal pursuant to the exercise of regulatory authority by the DFI, the FDIC or other bank supervisory agency.
 (u) Vesting Date means, for an Option or a portion of an Option, the first date on which the Option or such portion may be
exercised by the Optionee and, for shares of Restricted Stock, the date on which the shares cease to be forfeitable and become freely transferable shares in the hands of the Participant. 
 Section 3. Administration (a)
 General. This Plan shall initially be administered by the Board of Directors of the Bank (the Board of Directors ). The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, from time to time, delegate such power and authority over the
administration of the Plan as the Board of Directors deems appropriate to a committee composed of not fewer than three (3) directors of the Bank. Nothing contained herein shall prevent the Board of Directors from delegating to such committee
full power and authority over the administration of the Plan. Any action of the Board of Directors (or committee) with respect to
administration of the Plan shall be taken pursuant to a majority vote of its members; provided, however, that with respect to action by the Board of Directors (or committee) in granting an option to an individual director, such action must be
authorized by the required number of directors without counting the interested director, who shall abstain as to any vote on his or her option. An interested director may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board
of Directors (or committee) where such action will be taken. (b) Authority. The Board (or committee) shall grant Awards to
eligible participants. In particular and without limitation, the Board (or committee), subject to the terms of the Plan, shall: (i) select
the eligible participants to whom Awards may be granted; (ii) determine whether and to what extent Awards are to be granted under the
Plan; (iii) determine the number of shares to be covered by each Award granted under the Plan; and 
 (iv) determine the terms and conditions of any Award granted under the Plan based upon factors determined by the Board (or committee). 
 3 

(c) Board and Committee Determinations Binding. Subject to the express provisions of the
Plan, the Board (or committee) shall have the authority to construe and interpret the Plan, any Award and any Award Agreement; to define the terms used therein; to prescribe, amend, and rescind rules and regulations relating to administration of the
Plan, to determine the duration and purposes of leaves of absence which may be granted to Participants without constituting a termination of their employment for purposes of the Plan; and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for
administration of the Plan. Any determination made by the Board (or committee) pursuant to the provisions of the Plan with respect to any Award shall be made in its sole discretion at the time of the grant of the Award or, unless in contravention of
any express term of the Plan or Award, at any later time. Determinations of the Board (or committee) on matters referred to in this section shall be final and conclusive, and shall be binding on all persons, including the Bank and Participants. 
 Section 4. Stock Subject to Plan 
 (a) Shares Available for Awards. The total number of shares of Stock reserved and available for issuance pursuant to Awards under this
Plan shall be 795,175 shares (30 of the amount of the Bank s initial issuance of common stock, minus 29,825 shares which have been issued pursuant to the exercise of Options under the Plan as of March 18, 2009), subject to adjustment as
provided in Section 4(b). If any Option terminates or expires without being exercised in full, or if any shares of Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Award are forfeited, the shares issuable under such Option or Award shall again be available
for issuance in connection with Awards. Any Award under this Plan shall be governed by the terms of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement. 
 (b) Adjustments. In the event of any merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, stock dividend, stock split or
other change in corporate structure affecting the Stock without receipt of consideration by the Bank, such substitution or adjustments shall be made in the aggregate number of shares of Stock reserved for issuance under the Plan, in the number and
exercise price of shares subject to outstanding Options, and in the number of shares subject to other outstanding Awards, as may be determined to be appropriate by the Board (or committee), in its sole discretion; provided, however, that no
fractional shares of Stock shall be issued under the Plan on account of any such adjustment. Section 5. Eligibility 
 Awards may be granted to all employees, officers (whether or not they are also directors), non-employee 
directors, Founders, and Consultants of the Bank and its subsidiaries. However, Founders, Consultants, and non-employee directors who are not also officers or employees of the Bank or a subsidiary corporation
are not eligible to receive Incentive Options under the Plan, but only Non-Qualified Options or Restricted Stock Awards. 
 Section 6. Stock Options (a)
 Types. Any Option granted under the Plan shall be in such form as the Board (or committee) may from time to time approve. The Board (or committee) shall have the authority to grant to any eligible Participant Incentive Options, Non-Qualified Options or both types of Options. 
 4 

(b) Incentive Options. Incentive Options may be granted only to employees of the Bank or a
Subsidiary. Any portion of an Option that is not designated as, or does not qualify as, an Incentive Option shall constitute a Non-Qualified Option. 
 (c) Terms and Conditions. Options granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 
 (i) Option Term. Each Option and all rights or obligations thereunder shall expire on such date as the Board (or committee) may
determine, but not later than ten (10) years from the date such Option is granted, and shall be subject to earlier termination as provided elsewhere in the Plan. As to any Incentive Option granted to an Optionee who, immediately before the
option is granted, owns beneficially more than ten percent (10 of the outstanding stock of the Bank (whether acquired upon exercise of Options or otherwise), such option must not be exercisable by its terms after five (5) years from the
date of its grant. (ii) Grant Date. The time an Option is granted, sometimes referred to as the date of grant, shall be the day of
the action of the Board (or committee) described in Section 3(a) hereof, provided that Optionees do not have the ability to further negotiate the terms of their grants, and provided further that the material terms of the grants are communicated
to Optionees within a relatively short period of time following the Board s action. In addition, if required by applicable accounting rules, the date of grant will not be deemed to occur unless any shareholder approvals required for the grant
of an option under the Plan or applicable amendments thereto have been obtained. In addition, if appropriate resolutions of the Board (or committee) indicate that an Option is to be granted as of and on some future date, the time such Option is
granted shall be such future date. If action by the Board (or committee) is taken by the unanimous written consent of its members, the action of the Board (or committee) shall be deemed to be at the time the last Board member signs the consent,
subject to the same requirements concerning communication with Optionees set forth in the first sentence of this paragraph. (iii)
 Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of stock subject to each Option shall be determined by the Board (or committee) but shall not be less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of such stock at the time such
Option is granted. As to any Incentive Option granted to an Optionee who, immediately before the Option is granted, owns beneficially more than ten percent (10 of the outstanding stock of the Bank, the purchase price must be at least one
hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value of the stock at the time when such Option is granted. (iv)
 Exercisability. Each Option shall be exercisable in such installments, which need not be equal, and upon such conditions as the Board (or committee) shall determine; provided, however, that until the Bank has been in operation for three full
years, all option grants shall comply with the FDIC Statement of Policy on Applications for Deposit Insurance, dated August 31, 1998. Specifically, no options granted to officers, employees or directors may become exercisable more rapidly than
in approximately equal percentages over the first three years of the option term, with no discretionary acceleration during such period. Options granted to Founders may vest immediately on the date of grant, subject to shareholder approval of the
Plan. 
 5 

If an Optionee shall not in any given installment period purchase all of the shares which such
Optionee is entitled to purchase in such installment period, such Optionee s right to purchase any shares not purchased in such installment period shall continue until the expiration of such Option. No Option or installment thereof shall be
exercisable except with respect to whole shares, and fractional share interests shall be disregarded except that they may be accumulated in accordance with the next preceding sentence. 
 (v) Limit on Exercisability. The aggregate fair market value (determined as of the time the Option is granted) of the stock for
which any officer or employee may be granted Incentive Options which are first exercisable during any one calendar year (under all Incentive Stock Option Plans of the Bank and its subsidiaries) shall not exceed One Hundred Thousand Dollars 100,000). (vi) Method of Exercise; Payment. Options may be exercised by ten (10) days written notice delivered to the Bank
stating the number of shares with respect to which the Option is being exercised, together with cash in the amount of the purchase price for such shares. No fewer than ten (10) shares may be purchased at one time unless the number purchased is
the total number which may be purchased under the Option. Options may also be exercised by delivery to the Bank of ten (10) days
written notice stating the number of shares with respect to which the Option is being exercised, and by delivery to the Bank of (i) an exercise notice instructing the Bank to deliver the certificates for the shares purchased to a designated
brokerage firm which shall sell the stock in the market as soon as the Option is exercised; and (ii) a copy of irrevocable instructions delivered to the brokerage firm to sell the shares acquired upon exercise of the Option and to deliver to
the Bank from the sale proceeds sufficient cash to pay the exercise price and applicable withholding taxes arising as a result of the exercise, with the balance of the sales proceeds, if any, after payment of any broker s commission, credited
to the Optionee s brokerage account. (vii) Compliance With Applicable Laws. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon
exercise of any Option, and an Optionee shall have no right or claim to such shares, unless and until: (i) payment in full as provided hereinabove has been received by the Bank; (ii) any applicable requirements of law and of regulatory
bodies having jurisdiction over such issuance and delivery have been fully complied with; and (iii) if required by federal or state law or regulation, the Optionee shall have paid to the Bank the amount, if any, required to be withheld on the
amount deemed to be compensation to the Optionee as a result of the exercise of his or her Stock Option, or made other arrangements satisfactory to the Bank, in its sole discretion, to satisfy applicable income tax withholding requirements. 
 (viii) Cessation of Employment; Disability. Except as provided in Subsections 6(c)(i) above, if an Optionee ceases to be employed by or
to serve as a director of the Bank or a subsidiary corporation for any reason other than death, disability, or cause such Optionee s Option shall expire three (3) months thereafter, and during such period after such Optionee ceases to be
an employee or director, such Option shall be exercisable only as to those 
 6 

shares with respect to which installments, if any, had accrued as of the date on which the Optionee ceased to be employed by or ceased to serve as a director of the Bank or such subsidiary
corporation. Except as provided in Subsections 6(c)(i) above or 6(c)(ix) below, if an Optionee ceases to be employed by or ceases to serve as a director of the Bank or a subsidiary corporation by reason of disability (within the meaning of
Section 22(e)(3) of the Code), such Optionee s Option shall expire not later than one (1) year thereafter, and during such period after such Optionee ceases to be an employee or director such Option shall be exercisable only as to
those shares with respect to which installments, if any, had accrued as of the date on which the Optionee ceased to be employed by or ceased to serve as a director of the Bank or such subsidiary corporation. 
 (ix) Termination of Employment for Cause. If an Optionee s employment by or service as a director of the Bank or a subsidiary
corporation is terminated for Cause, such Optionee s Option shall expire immediately; provided, however, that the Board (or committee) may, in its sole discretion, within thirty (30) days of such termination, waive the expiration of the
Option by giving written notice of such waiver to the Optionee at such Optionee s last known address. In the event of such waiver, the Optionee may exercise the Option only to such extent, for such time, and upon such terms and conditions as if
such Optionee had ceased to be employed by or ceased to serve as a director of the Bank or such subsidiary corporation upon the date of such termination for a reason other than Cause, disability, or death. 
 (x) Death of Optionee. Except as provided in Subsection 6(c)(i) above, if any Optionee dies while employed by or serving as a director
of the Bank or a subsidiary corporation or during the three-month or one-year period referred to in Subsection 6(c)(viii) above, such Optionee s Option shall expire one (1) year after the date of such death. After such death but before
such expiration, the persons to whom the Optionee s rights under the Option shall have passed by Will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution shall have the right to exercise such Option to the extent that installments, if any,
had accrued as of the date of such Optionee s death. Section 7. Restricted Stock Awards 
 (a) General. Restricted Stock Awards may be issued hereunder to Participants, for no cash consideration or for such amount as the Board
(or committee) in its discretion shall determine, either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan. The provisions of Restricted Stock Awards need not be the same with respect to each Participant. The Board (or committee) may
provide upon grant of a Restricted Stock Award that any shares of Restricted Stock that may be purchased by the Holder in cash and are subsequently forfeited by the Holder prior to the Vesting Date therefor shall be reacquired by the Bank at the
purchase price originally paid therefor by the Holder, if applicable. (b) Issue Date and Vesting Date. At the time of the grant of
a Restricted Stock Award, the Board (or committee) shall establish an Issue Date or Issue Dates and a Vesting Date or Vesting Dates with respect to such shares. The Board (or committee) may provide upon grant of a Restricted Stock Award that
different numbers or portions of the shares subject to the Award shall have different Vesting Dates. The Board (or committee) may also provide that the Vesting Dates will be accelerated upon the subsequent occurrence of such event (e.g., early
retirement of 
 7 

the Holder) as the Board (or committee) may specify. The Board (or committee) also may establish upon grant of a Restricted Stock Award that some or all of the shares subject thereto shall be
subject after the Vesting Date to additional restrictions upon transfer or sale, although not to forfeiture. (c) Issuance of
Certificates. Reasonably promptly after the Issue Date with respect to shares of Restricted Stock, the Bank shall cause to be issued a stock certificate, registered in the name of the Participant to whom such shares were granted, evidencing such
shares; provided, that the Bank shall not cause such a stock certificate to be issued unless it has received a stock power duly endorsed in blank with respect to such shares. Each such stock certificate shall bear the following legend: 
 The transferability of this certificate and the shares of stock represented hereby are subject to the restrictions, terms and conditions
(including forfeiture provisions and restrictions against transfer) contained in 1 st Enterprise Bank 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, and related Award Agreement and such rules,
regulations and interpretations as 1 st Enterprise Bank Board of Directors or Compensation Committee may adopt. Copies of the Plan, Award Agreement and rules, regulations and interpretations,
if any, are on file at the principal executive office of 1 st Enterprise Bank, 818 West Seventh Street, Suite 220, Los Angeles, California 90017. 
 Such legend shall not be removed until such shares vest pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 Each certificate issued pursuant to this Section 7(c) together with the stock powers relating to the shares of Restricted Stock evidenced
by such certificate, shall be held by the Bank unless the Board (or committee) determines otherwise. (d) Consequences of Vesting. 
Upon the vesting of a share of Restricted Stock pursuant to the terms of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, the restrictions on transfer described in Section 7(c) shall cease to apply to such share. Reasonably promptly after a
Restricted Stock Award becomes fully vested, the Bank shall cause to be delivered to the Participant to whom such shares were granted, a certificate evidencing such share, free of the legend set forth in Section 7(c). If a Restricted Stock
Award is partially vested, the Bank may continue to hold the originally issued certificate until fully vested unless the Participant specifically requests the issuance of a certificate for just the vested shares. Reasonably promptly after any such
request, the Bank shall cause the certificates to be issued separately for the restricted and unrestricted shares, and shall deliver the unrestricted certificate to the Participant. 
 (e) Dividends. If and to the extent the Board (or committee) so specifies upon grant, the Holder of shares of Restricted Stock shall be
entitled to receive from the Bank, after the grant date and until the Vesting Date, dividends or other distributions with respect to the shares identical or comparable in financial value to the dividends and other distributions that would have been
received by the Holder had the shares not been subject to the restrictions on Restricted Stock imposed under the Plan, and the Holder shall not be required to return any such distributions to the Bank in the event of forfeiture of the Restricted
Stock; provided that any such dividends or distribution payable to the Holder that constitute Stock or other equity securities of the Bank shall be issued in the same manner and subject to the same restrictions and conditions
 
 8 

as apply to the shares of Restricted Stock as to which such dividends and distributions are paid. The Board (or committee) in its discretion may require that any dividends paid on shares of
Restricted Stock shall be held in escrow until all restrictions on such shares have lapsed. (f) Voting Rights. If and to the
extent the Board (or committee) so specifies upon grant, the Holder of shares of Restricted Stock shall be entitled to vote or direct the voting of such shares after the grant date and until the Vesting Date. 
 (g) Termination. Except to the extent otherwise provided in the Award Agreement and pursuant to this section, in the event of a
Termination of employment or directorship during the Restriction Period, all shares still subject to restriction shall be forfeited by the Participant. If the recipient has paid cash for the Award, the stock will be repurchased at the same price
originally paid by the Participant. In the event that the Bank requires such a return of shares, it also shall have the right to require the return of all dividends paid on such shares, whether by termination of any escrow arrangement under which
such dividends are held or otherwise, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Award Agreement. Section 8. Terminating Events 
 (a) Impact of Event. In the event of a Terminating Event as defined in Section 2(r), any surviving corporation or
entity or acquiring corporation or entity, or affiliate of such corporation or entity, may assume any Options or Restricted Stock Awards outstanding under the Plan or may substitute similar awards for those outstanding under the Plan. In the event
any surviving or acquiring corporation or entity in a Terminating Event does not assume such Options or Awards or does not substitute similar Options or other Awards for those outstanding under the Plan, then (i) the vesting of such Options or
other Awards outstanding under the Plan shall be accelerated and made fully exercisable and all restrictions thereon shall lapse ten (10) days prior to the closing of the Terminating Event; and (ii) upon the closing of the Terminating
Event, any Options outstanding under the Plan shall be terminated if not exercised prior to the closing, unless the Board (or committee) in its sole discretion determines prior to the effective date of the Terminating Event that all outstanding
Options and the Plan itself should continue in full force and effect. In the case of such a determination by the Board (or committee), or in the event that any pending Terminating Event does not occur, the Plan and all outstanding Options and other
Awards thereunder shall continue in force with all original vesting schedules in effect. (b) Notice to Participants of Terminating
Event. Not less than thirty (30) days prior to a Terminating Event, the Board (or committee) of Directors shall notify each Participant of the pendancy of the Terminating Event. With respect to Holders of Restricted Stock, the notice shall
simply inform such Participants of the pendancy of the Terminating Event and of the fact that the restrictions on their Restricted Stock will lapse. In the case of Optionees, the notice shall inform such Optionees that their Options shall,
notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 6(c)(iv) hereof, become exercisable in full and not only as to those shares with respect to which installments, if any, have then accrued, subject, however, to earlier expiration or termination as provided
elsewhere in the Plan, and further subject to the condition that the Terminating Event in fact occurs. Optionees shall then be entitled to exercise any Options or portions thereof commencing on the tenth (10th) day, and ending on the third
(3rd) day, prior to the Terminating Event, or at such other times as may be specified by the Board (or committee) in connection with the Terminating Event. 
 9 

Section 9. Acceleration of Options or other Awards. 
 Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 6(c)(iv) or 7(b) hereof or any provision to the contrary contained in any Award Agreement, the Board
(or committee), in its sole discretion, may accelerate the vesting of all or any Award then outstanding. The decision by the Board (or committee) to accelerate an Award or to decline to accelerate an Award shall be final. In the event of the
acceleration of Options as the result of a decision by the Board (or committee) pursuant to this Section 9, each outstanding Option so accelerated shall be exercisable for a period from and after the date of such acceleration and upon such
other terms and conditions as the Board (or committee) may determine in its sole discretion, provided that such terms and conditions (other than terms and conditions relating solely to the acceleration of exercisability and the related termination
of an Option) may not adversely affect the rights of any Participant without the consent of the Participant so adversely affected. Any outstanding Option which has not been exercised by the holder at the end of such period shall terminate
automatically at that time. Section 10. General Provisions 
 (a) Award Grants. Any Award may be granted either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan. Subject to the terms and
restrictions set forth elsewhere in the Plan, the Board (or committee) shall determine the consideration, if any, payable by the Participant for any Award and, in addition to those set forth in the Plan, any other terms and conditions of the Awards.
The Board (or committee) may condition the grant or payment of any Award upon the attainment of specified performance goals or such other factors or criteria, including vesting based on continued service on the Board or employment, as the Board (or
committee) shall determine. Performance objectives may vary from Participant to Participant and among groups of Participants and shall be based upon such Bank, subsidiary, group or division factors or criteria as the Board (or committee) may deem
appropriate, including, but not limited to, earnings per share or return on equity. The other provisions of Awards also need not be the same with respect to each recipient. Unless specified otherwise in the Plan or by the Board (or committee), the
date of grant of an Award shall be the date of action by the Board (or committee) to grant the Award, provided that Participants do not have the ability to further negotiate the terms of their awards, and provided further that the awards will be
communicated to Participants within a relatively short period of time following the Board s (or committee) s action. (b)
 Award Agreements. As soon as practicable after the date of an Award grant, the Bank and the Participant shall enter into a written Award Agreement identifying the date of grant, and specifying the terms and conditions of the Award. Options
are not exercisable until after execution of the Award Agreement by the Bank and the Participant, but a delay in execution of the Award Agreement shall not affect the validity of the Option grant. 
 (c) Certificates; Transfer Restrictions. All certificates for shares of Stock or other securities delivered under the Plan shall be
subject to such stock transfer orders, legends and 
 10 

other restrictions as the Board (or committee) may deem advisable under the rules, regulations and other requirements of the SEC, any market in which the Stock is then traded and any applicable
federal, state or foreign securities laws. (d) Tax Withholding. Whenever shares of Stock are issued or to be issued pursuant to
Awards, the Bank shall have the right to require the Participant to remit to the Bank an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, local or other withholding tax requirements if, when, and to the extent required by law (whether so required to
secure for the Bank an otherwise available tax deduction or otherwise) prior to the delivery of any certificate or certificates for such shares. The obligations of the Bank under the Plan shall be conditional on satisfaction of all such withholding
obligations and the Bank shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Participant. With the approval of the Board (or committee), which it shall have sole discretion
to grant, the Participant may elect to satisfy an applicable withholding requirement, in whole or in part, by having the Bank withhold from delivery shares of Stock having a value equal to the amount of tax to be withheld. Such shares shall be
valued at their fair market value on the date as of which the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. Fractional share amounts shall be settled in cash. 
 (e) Notification of Election Under Section 83(b) of the Code. If any Participant shall, in connection with the acquisition of
shares of Restricted Stock under the Plan, make the election permitted under Section 83(b) of the Code (i.e., an election to include in gross income in the year of transfer the amounts specified in Section 83(b)), such Participant shall
notify the Bank of such election within ten days of filing notice of the election with the Internal Revenue Service, in addition to any filing and notification required pursuant to regulations issued under the authority of Section 83(b). 
 (f) Transferability. No Award shall be assignable or otherwise transferable by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of
descent and distribution. During the life of a Participant, an Award shall be exercisable, and any elections with respect to an Award may be made, only by the Participant or the Participant s guardian or legal representative. 
 (g) Adjustment of Awards; Waivers. The Board (or committee) may adjust the performance goals and measurements applicable to Awards
(i) to take into account changes in law and accounting and tax rules, (ii) to make such adjustments as the Board (or committee) deems necessary or appropriate to reflect the inclusion or exclusion of the impact of extraordinary or unusual
items, events or circumstances in order to avoid windfalls or hardships, and (iii) to make such adjustments as the Board (or committee) deems necessary or appropriate to reflect any material changes in business conditions. In the event of
hardship or other special circumstances of a Participant and otherwise in its discretion, the Board (or committee) may waive in whole or in part any or all restrictions, conditions, vesting, or forfeiture with respect to any Award granted to such
Participant. (h) Non-Competition. The Board (or committee) may condition its discretionary waiver of a forfeiture, the
acceleration of vesting at the time of Termination of a Participant holding any unexercised or unearned Award, the waiver of restrictions on any Award, or the extension of the expiration period to a period not longer than that provided by the Plan
upon such Participant s agreement (and compliance with such agreement) (i) not to engage in any business 
 11 

or activity competitive with any business or activity conducted by the Bank and (ii) to be available for consultations at the request of the Bank s management, all on such terms and
conditions (including conditions in addition to (i) and (ii)) as the Board (or committee) may determine. (i) Rights as
Shareholder. Unless the Plan, the Board (or committee) expressly specifies otherwise, an Optionee shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any shares covered by an Option until the stock certificates representing the shares are
actually delivered to the Optionee. Except as specified in Section 4(b), no adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date the certificates are delivered. The rights of Holders shall be as
specified in their Award Agreements, as determined by the Board (or committee) in accordance with Section 7 hereof. No Participants holding any other types of Awards shall have any rights as shareholders unless and until stock certificates
issued pursuant to such Awards are delivered to the Participants. (j) Beneficiary Designation. The Board (or committee), in its
discretion, may establish procedures for a Participant to designate a beneficiary to whom any amounts payable in the event of the Participant s death are to be paid. 
 (k) Regulatory Compliance. 
 (i) Exercise or Forfeiture of Options in the Event of Order to Increase Capital. Notwithstanding any other provision of any Option
granted hereunder, if the Bank becomes subject to any written order or directive by the DFI or the FDIC requiring the Bank to increase capital, the Optionees must immediately exercise or forfeit any outstanding Options. 
 (ii) Compliance with FDIC Statement of Policy During Initial Years of Operation. Until the Bank has been in operation for three full
years, all Option grants and other Awards shall comply with the FDIC Statement of Policy on Applications for Deposit Insurance. (iii) 
 Securities Laws Compliance; Notice of Proposed Sale. No shares shall be issued upon the exercise of any Option, or pursuant to any other Award, unless and until any then applicable requirements of any regulatory agencies having
jurisdiction, and of any exchanges upon which stock of the Bank may be listed, shall have been complied with fully. The Bank will diligently endeavor to comply with all applicable securities laws before any Awards are granted under the Plan and
before any stock is issued pursuant to any Awards. All Participants shall agree to comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws in connection with any sale or other disposition of such common stock. Additionally, all Participants
shall give the Bank notice of any sale or other disposition of any such shares not more than five (5) days after such sale or other disposition. 
 (l) Additional Plans. Nothing contained in the Plan shall prevent the Bank or a subsidiary from adopting other or additional
compensation arrangements for its directors and employees. (m) No Employment Rights; No Right to Directorship. Neither the
adoption of this Plan nor the grant of any Award hereunder shall (i) confer upon any employee any right to continued employment nor shall it interfere in any way with the right of the Bank or a subsidiary
 
 12 

to terminate the employment of any employee at any time; or (ii) confer upon any Participant any right with respect to continuation of the Participant s membership on the Board or
interfere in any way with provisions in the Bank s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws relating to the election, appointment, terms of office, and removal of members of the Board. 
 (n) Governing Law. The Plan and all Awards shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.
 (o) Use of Proceeds. All cash proceeds to the Bank under the Plan shall constitute general funds of the Bank. 
 (p) Assumption by Successor. The obligations of the Bank under the Plan and under any outstanding Award may be assumed by any successor
corporation, which for purposes of the Plan shall be included within the meaning of Bank. Section 11. Amendments and Termination
 The Board may amend, alter or discontinue the Plan or any Award, but no amendment, alteration or discontinuance shall be made which
would impair the rights of a Participant under an outstanding Award without the Participant s consent. No amendment, alteration or discontinuance shall require shareholder approval unless it would: 
 (a) increase in the total number of shares reserved for issuance pursuant to Awards under the Plan; 
 (b) change the minimum option price for Options; 
 (c) increase the maximum term of Awards provided for herein; 
 (d) expand the types of awards which may be issued under the Plan; or 
 (e) expand the class of eligible Participants. 
 Any amendment or modification requiring shareholder approval shall be deemed adopted as of the date of the action of the Board effecting such
amendment or modification and shall be effective immediately, unless otherwise provided therein, subject to approval thereof within twelve (12) months before or after the effective date by shareholders of the Bank holding not less than a
majority of the voting power of the Bank. Section 12. Effective Date of Plan 
 The effective date of the Plan is March 15, 2006. 
 Section 13. Term of Plan The Plan
shall remain in effect until March 15, 2016 unless terminated earlier by the Board, and no Award shall be granted on or after that date, but Awards granted prior to March 15, 2016 may extend beyond that date. 
 13 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 5
 d856177dex106.htm
 EX-10.6

EX-10.6 

Exhibit 10.6 
 EXHIBIT A 
 AMENDMENT OF THE 1 st ENTERPRISE BANK 2006 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 JULY 31, 2014 Effective
upon approval of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of CU Bancorp, the terms of the 1 ST Enterprise Bank 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan are hereby amended as
follows: 

1. 
 Section 6(c)(vi) of the Plan shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with following: 
 (vi) Method of Exercise; Payment. An Option may be exercised by ten (10) days written notice delivered to the Bank stating the
number of shares with respect to which the Option is being exercised, together with the form of payment for the exercise price. Except as otherwise provided below, the exercise price for the number of Shares purchased pursuant to any Option shall be
made (i) in cash, by check or in cash equivalent, (ii) subject to applicable law and regulation, by tender to the Bank, or attestation to the ownership, of Shares owned by Optionee having a Fair Market Value not less than the exercise
price, (iii) by delivery of a properly executed notice of exercise together with irrevocable instructions to a broker providing the assignment to the Bank of the proceeds of a sale or loan with respect to some or all of the Shares being
acquired upon the exercise of the Option (including, without limitation, through an exercise complying with the provisions of Regulation T as promulgated from time to time by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, (iv) by such
other consideration as may be approved by the Board from time to time to the extent permitted by applicable law, or (v) by an combination thereof. No fewer than ten (10) shares may be purchased at one time unless the number purchased is
the total number which may be purchased under the Option. 

2. 
 Section 6(c)(viii) of the Plan shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with following: 
 (viii) Cessation of Employment. 
 (A) Incentive Option . With respect to any Incentive Option, except as provided in Subsections 6(c)(i) above, if an Optionee ceases to
be employed by or to serve as a director of Bank or a subsidiary corporation for any reason other than death, disability or cause such Optionee s Option shall expire three (3) months thereafter, and during such period after such Optionee
ceases to be an employee or director, such Option shall be exercisable only as to those shares with respect to which installments, if any, had accrued as of the date on which the 

Optionee ceased to be employed or ceased to serve as a director of the Bank or such subsidiary corporation. Except as provided in Subsections 6(c)(i) above or 6(c)(ix) below, if an Optionee
ceases to be employed by or ceases to serve as a director of the Bank or a subsidiary corporation by reason of disability (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code), such Optionee s Option shall expire not later than one
(1) year thereafter, and during such period after such Optionee ceases to be an employee or director such Option shall be exercisable only as to those shares with respect to installments, if any, had accrued as of the date on which the Optionee
ceased to be employed by or ceased to service as a director of the Bank on or such subsidiary corporation. (B) Non-Qualified
Option . With respect to any Non-Qualified Option, if an Optionee ceases to be employed by or to serve as a director of Bank or a subsidiary corporation for any reason other than death or cause such Optionee s Option shall expire on the last
day of the Option Term, as specified by the Board (or committee) in the Option Award Agreement Cessation of Employment Exercise Period ), and during such period after such Optionee ceases to an employee or director, such Option shall be
exercisable only as to those shares with respect to which installments, if any, had accrued as of the date on which the Optionee ceased to be employed or ceased to serve as a director of the Bank or such subsidiary corporation. 

3. 
 Section 6(c)(x) of the Plan shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
 (x) Death of Optionee. 
 (A) Incentive Option . With respect to any Incentive Option, except as provided in Subsection 6(c)(i) above, if any Optionee dies while
employed by or serving as a director of the Bank or a subsidiary corporation or during the three-month or one-year period referred to in Subsection 6(c)(viii)(A) above, such Optionee s Option shall expire one (1) year after the date of
such death. After such death but before such expiration, the persons to whom the Optionee s rights under the Option shall have passed by Will or by applicable laws of decent and distribution shall have the right to exercise such Option to the
extent that installments, if any, had accrued as of the date such Optionee s death. (B) Non-Qualified Option . With respect to
any Non-Qualified Option, except as provided in Subsection 6(c)(i) above, if any Optionee dies while employed by or serving as a director of the Bank or a subsidiary corporation or during the Cessation of Employment Exercise Period referred to in
Subsection 6(c)(viii)(B) above, such Optionee s Option shall expire one (1) year after the date of such death. After such death but before such expiration, the persons to whom the Optionee s rights under the Option shall have passed
by Will or by applicable laws of decent and distribution shall have the right to exercise such Option to the extent that installments, if any, had accrued as of the date such Optionee s death. 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 d856177dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the
incorporation by reference in Registration Statement (No. 333-190625) on Form S-8 of CU Bancorp of our report dated March 13, 2015, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements, which appear in the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of CU Bancorp for the year ended December 31, 2014. /s/ McGladrey LLP 
 Irvine, CA March 13, 2015 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 d856177dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION I, David I. Rainer, certify that:
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CU BANCORP; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
annual report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within the registrant, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

DATE: March 13, 2015 
 
 /s/ DAVID I. RAINER 

DAVID I. RAINER 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 d856177dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION I, Karen A. Schoenbaum, certify that:
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CU BANCORP; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
annual report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within the registrant, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

DATE: March 13, 2015 
 
 /s/ KAREN A. SCHOENBAUM 

KAREN A. SCHOENBAUM 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 d856177dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of CU BANCORP (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report ), we, David I. Rainer, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Karen A. Schoenbaum, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge, based on a review of the Report of the Company, and except as corrected or supplemented in a subsequent report: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

DATE: March 13, 2015 
 
 /s/ DAVID I. RAINER 

DAVID I. RAINER 

Chief Executive Officer 

DATE: March 13, 2015 
 
 /s/ KAREN A SCHOENBAUM 

KAREN A. SCHOENBAUM 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 cunb-20141231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 cunb-20141231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 cunb-20141231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 cunb-20141231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 cunb-20141231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 cunb-20141231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

