<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20160311_10-K_edgar_data_1444397_0001144204-16-087591.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16681052</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>371300</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>725049</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9385826</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3371842</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1962378</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-087591.hdr.sgml : 20160311
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20160311164700
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-087591
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ocean Shore Holding Co.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001444397
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				800282446
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53856
		FILM NUMBER:		161501272

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 ASBURY AVENUE
		CITY:			OCEAN CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08226
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-771-7990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 ASBURY AVENUE
		CITY:			OCEAN CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08226

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-087591.txt : 20160311

10-K
 1
 v433276_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to
_____________ 

Commission File Number: 0-53856 

OCEAN SHORE HOLDING CO. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

NEW JERSEY 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 80-0282446 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

1001 Asbury Avenue, Ocean City, New Jersey 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 08226 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: (609) 399-0012 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share 
 
 The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer accelerated filer and smaller reporting
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer 
 Accelerated Filer 

Non-accelerated Filer 
 Smaller Reporting Company 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

 Yes No 

The aggregate market
value of the common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2015 was 81,376,105, based on a closing price of 14.84. 

The number of shares
outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of March 1, 2016 was 6,411,678. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Portions of the Proxy Statement for the
2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K. 

INDEX 

Page 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 20 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 23 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 96 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 96 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 96 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 96 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 96 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 97 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 97 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 97 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 98 

SIGNATURES 
 101 

This report contains forward-looking
statements, which may include expectations for our operations and business and our assumptions for those expectations. Do not unduly
rely on forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements due to several factors.
Some of these factors are described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
For a discussion of other factors, refer to the Risk Factors section in this report. 

PART I 

Item 1. BUSINESS 

General 

Ocean Shore Holding Co. Ocean Shore
Holding or the Company is the holding company for Ocean City Home Bank (the Bank ). The Company s
assets consist of its investment in Ocean City Home Bank and its liquid investments. The Company is primarily engaged in the business
of directing, planning, and coordinating the business activities of the Bank. The Company s most significant asset is its
investment in the Bank. 

Ocean City Home Bank is a federally chartered
savings bank. The Bank operates as a community-oriented financial institution offering a wide range of financial services to consumers
and businesses in our market area. The Bank attracts deposits from the general public, small businesses and municipalities and
uses those funds to originate a variety of consumer and commercial loans, which we hold primarily for investment. 

Our Web site address is www.ochome.com.
We make available on our Web site, free of charge, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports
on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Information
on our Web site should not be considered a part of this Form 10-K. 

Market Area 

We are headquartered in Ocean City, New
Jersey, and serve the southern New Jersey shore communities through a total of eleven full-service offices, of which nine are located
in Atlantic County and two in Cape May County. Our markets are in the southeastern corner of New Jersey, approximately 65
miles east of Philadelphia and 130 miles south of New York. 

The economy of Atlantic County is dominated
by the service sector, of which the gaming industry in nearby Atlantic City is the primary employer. Atlantic City operated eight
casinos during 2015 with a combined employment of just over 23,000 people. Both the Borgata and Tropicana Casinos are undergoing
major renovations in 2016. The Borgata will invest over 50 million into a new outdoor pool, nightclub, fine dining restaurant
and 250,000 square feet of convention space. Tropicana will invest 25 million into the renovation of 500 hotel rooms and updated
casino floor space. Atlantic City saw an increase in convention traffic resulting, in part, from the opening of a 134 million
convention center at Harrah s Resort. Convention bookings increased 23 from 2014 to 2015 as 218 conventions brought in over
450,000 attendees. In order to mitigate the loss of jobs from casino closures while positioning Atlantic City for future
growth in other industries, several other ventures in the area, which are expected to create employment, have recently been announced
or at the final stages of completion. A Bass Pro Shop opened in 2015. The Pier Shops of Caesars received a 50 million renovation
and were reopened as the Playground, a 500,000 square-foot shopping and entertainment complex. Major Atlantic City development
was announced at the end of 2015. If approved, Atlantic City would become home to a Stockton University satellite campus, a new
South Jersey Gas headquarters and an 886-space parking garage upon project completion in 2018.We do not maintain any branches in
Atlantic City, but Atlantic City is within our lending area and some of our borrowers are employed in the gaming industry. We closely
monitor the economic environment in our market area and in Atlantic City in particular, and we track our exposure to borrowers
who are employed in the gaming industry. Outside of Atlantic City, the FAA Technical Center continues to be a major employer
in the region with nearly 2,000 people employed by the FAA and supporting contractors. Development of the Aviation and Research
Development Park (Next Gen) has progressed since forming collaboration with Stockton University. Once completed, the complex will
contain a combination of operational facilities, services, laboratory systems and simulators that can create the operational environment
in a way that any researcher can conduct realistic and relevant research in an effort to gain insight, analyses, or validation
of advanced aviation concepts, applications, and services. Additional development outside of Atlantic City includes a 100 unit
housing complex in downtown Egg Harbor City and 135 unit mixed-use development in downtown Pleasantville. 

2 

While Ocean City Home Bank is not engaged
in lending to the casino industry, the employment or businesses of many of Ocean City Home Bank s customers directly or indirectly
benefit from the industry. As of December 31, 2015, we had 16.5 million of loans outstanding to borrowers who, at the time of
origination, were employed in the gaming industry, representing 2.1 of total loans. Of these loans, less than 3.3 million were
made to borrowers who were employed at the time of origination at casinos/hotels that subsequently closed or declared bankruptcy.
To date, we have not experienced a significant impact from the downturn in the New Jersey gaming industry, which has experienced
declining revenue and employment since 2006. 

The economy of Cape May County is dominated
by the tourism industry, as the county s shore area has been a summer vacation destination for over 100 years. Major
Cape May County projects currently in progress or recently completed consist of improvements to beaches and road infrastructure.
Major beach replenishment projects have been ongoing in Ocean City, Strathmere and Sea Isle City. They are scheduled for completion
at the beginning of the 2016 summer season. Many visitors maintain second homes in the area which are used seasonally, and there
is an active rental market as well as hotels and motels serving other visitors to the area. 

Competition 

We face significant competition for the
attraction of deposits and origination of loans. Our most direct competition for deposits has historically come from the many financial
institutions operating in our market area. We also face competition for investors funds from money market funds, mutual
funds and other corporate and government securities. Our competition for loans comes primarily from financial institutions in our
market area and, to a lesser extent, from other financial service providers, such as mortgage companies and mortgage brokers. Competition
for loans also comes from non-depository financial service companies that have entered the mortgage market, such as insurance companies,
securities companies and specialty finance companies. 

Several large banks operate in our market
area, including Bank of America, PNC Bank, Wells Fargo Company, and TD Bank. These institutions are significantly larger
than us and, therefore, have significantly greater resources. According to data provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation,
as of June 30, 2015, we had a deposit market share of 10.4 in Atlantic County, which represented the 4 th largest deposit
market share, respectively, out of 16 banks with offices in the county. In Cape May County, at that same date we had a deposit
market share of 9.3 , which represented the 6 th largest market share out of 12 banks with offices in the county. 

We expect competition to remain intense
in the future as a result of continuing legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation
in the financial services industry. Competition for deposits and the origination of loans could limit our growth in the future. 

Lending Activities 

One- to Four-Family Residential Loans .
 Our primary lending activity is the origination of mortgage loans to enable borrowers to purchase or refinance existing homes
in our market area. We offer fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgage loans with terms up to 30 years. Interest rates and payments
on our adjustable-rate mortgage loans generally adjust periodically after an initial fixed period that ranges from one to 10 years. 

Borrower demand for adjustable-rate loans
versus fixed-rate loans is a function of the level of interest rates, the expectations of changes in the level of interest rates,
and the difference between the interest rates and loan fees offered for fixed-rate mortgage loans and the initial period interest
rates and loan fees for adjustable-rate loans. The relative amount of fixed and adjustable-rate mortgage loans that can be originated
at any time is largely determined by the demand for each in a competitive environment. The loan fees charged, interest rates and
other provisions of mortgage loans are determined by us on the basis of our own pricing criteria and competitive market conditions. 

3 

In order to attract borrowers, we have developed
products and policies to provide flexibility in times of changing interest rates. For example, some of our adjustable-rate loans
permit the borrower to convert the loan to a fixed-rate loan. In addition, for a fixed fee plus a percentage of the loan amount,
we will allow the borrower to modify a loan s interest rate, term or program to equal the current rate for the desired loan
product. 

While one- to four-family residential real
estate loans are normally originated with up to 30-year terms, such loans typically remain outstanding for substantially shorter
periods because borrowers will prepay their loans in full upon sale of the property pledged as security or upon refinancing the
original loan. Therefore, average loan maturity is a function of, among other factors, the level of purchase and sale activity
in the real estate market, prevailing interest rates and the interest rates payable on outstanding balances. 

Because of our location on the South Jersey
shore, many of the properties securing our residential mortgages are second homes or rental properties. At December 31, 2015, 41.2 
of our one- to four-family mortgage loans were secured by second homes and 15.7 were secured by rental properties. If the property
is a second home, our underwriting emphasizes the borrower s ability to repay the loan out of current income. If the property
is a rental property, we focus on the anticipated income from the property. Interest rates on loans secured by rental properties
are typically 1/2 higher than comparable loans secured by primary or secondary residences. Although the industry generally considers
mortgage loans secured by rental properties or second homes to have a higher risk of default than mortgage loans secured by the
borrower s primary residence, we generally have not experienced credit problems on these types of loans. 

We generally do not make conventional loans
with loan-to-value ratios exceeding 95 and generally make loans with a loan-to-value ratio in excess of 80 only when secured
by first and/or second liens on owner-occupied one- to four-family residences or private mortgage insurance. When the residence
securing the loan is not the borrower s primary residence, loan-to-value ratios are limited to 80 when secured by a first
lien or 90 when secured by a first and second lien or private mortgage insurance. We require all properties securing mortgage
loans to be appraised by a board-approved independent appraiser. We require title insurance on all first mortgage loans. Borrowers
must obtain hazard insurance, and flood insurance for loans on property located in a flood zone, before closing the loan. 

In an effort to provide financing for low
and moderate income and first-time buyers, we offer a special home buyer s program. We offer fixed-rate residential mortgage
loans through the program to qualified individuals and originate the loans using modified underwriting guidelines, including reduced
fees and loan conditions. 

We have not originated subprime loans (i.e.,
mortgage loans aimed at borrowers who do not qualify for market interest rates because of problems with their credit history).
We briefly offered alt-A loans (i.e., mortgage loans aimed at borrowers with better credit scores who borrow with
alternative documentation such as little or no verification of income), but have discontinued that practice and have few such loans
in our portfolio. 

Commercial and Multi-Family Real Estate
Loans . We offer fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgage loans secured by commercial real estate. In the past, we originated
loans secured by multi-family properties and we still have a few in our portfolio. Our commercial real estate loans are generally
secured by condominiums, small office buildings and owner-occupied commercial properties located in our market area. 

We originate fixed-rate and adjustable-rate
commercial real estate loans for terms up to 25 years. Interest rates and payments on adjustable-rate loans typically adjust every
five years after a five-year initial fixed period to a rate typically 2 to 3 above the five-year constant maturity
Treasury index. In some instances, there is an adjustment period or a lifetime interest rate cap. Loans are secured by mortgage
liens and amounts generally do not exceed 80 of the property s appraised value. 

In reaching a decision on whether to make
a commercial real estate loan, we consider the net operating income of the property, the borrower s expertise, credit history
and profitability and the value of the underlying property. In addition, with respect to commercial real estate rental properties,
we will also consider the term of the lease and the nature and financial strength of the tenants. We generally require that the
properties securing these real estate loans have debt service coverage ratios (the ratio of earnings before debt service to debt
service) of at least 1.20x. Environmental surveys are generally required for commercial real estate loans of 500,000 or more. 

4 

Construction Loans. We originate
loans to individuals and, to a lesser extent, builders to finance the construction of residential dwellings. We also make construction
loans for commercial development projects, including condominiums, apartment buildings and owner-occupied properties used for businesses.
Our construction loans generally provide for the payment of interest only during the construction phase, which is usually 12 months.
At the end of the construction phase, the loan generally converts to a permanent mortgage loan. Loans generally can be made with
a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 90 on residential construction and 80 on commercial construction. Before making a commitment
to fund a residential construction loan, we require an appraisal of the property by an independent licensed appraiser. We also
require an inspection of the property before disbursement of funds during the term of the construction loan. 

Commercial Loans . We make
commercial business loans to a variety of professionals, sole proprietorships and small businesses in our market area. We offer
term loans for capital improvements, equipment acquisition and long-term working capital. These loans are secured by business assets
other than real estate, such as business equipment and inventory, and are originated with maximum loan-to-value ratios of 80 .
We originate lines of credit to finance the working capital needs of businesses to be repaid by seasonal cash flows or to provide
a period of time during which the business can borrow funds for planned equipment purchases. We also offer time notes, letters
of credit and loans guaranteed by the Small Business Administration. Time notes are short-term loans and will only be granted on
the basis of a defined source of repayment of principal and interest from a specific foreseeable event. 

When making commercial business loans, we
consider the financial statements of the borrower, the borrower s payment history of both corporate and personal debt, the
debt service capabilities of the borrower, the projected cash flows of the business, the viability of the industry in which the
customer operates and the value of the collateral. 

Consumer Loans . At December
31, 2015, nearly all of our consumer loans were home equity loans or lines of credit. The small remainder of our consumer loan
portfolio consisted of loans secured by passbook or certificate accounts, secured and unsecured personal loans and home improvement
loans. 

The procedures for underwriting consumer
loans include an assessment of the applicant s payment history on other debts and ability to meet existing obligations and
payments on the proposed loan. Although the applicant s creditworthiness is a primary consideration, the underwriting process
also includes a comparison of the value of the collateral, if any, to the proposed loan amount. Home equity lines of credit have
adjustable rates of interest that are indexed to the prime rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal . In 2009 we introduced
a rate floor of 4 on new and renewed lines of credit. Home equity loans are fixed-rate loans. We offer home equity loans
with a maximum combined loan-to-value ratio at underwriting of 80 and lines of credit with a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 80 .
A home equity line of credit may be drawn down by the borrower for an initial period of ten years from the date of the loan agreement.
During this period, the borrower has the option of paying, on a monthly basis, either principal and interest or only interest.
After the initial draw period, the line of credit is frozen and the amount outstanding must be repaid over the remaining ten years
of the loan term. 

Loan Underwriting Risks. 

Adjustable-Rate Loans . While we anticipate
that adjustable-rate loans will better offset the adverse effects of an increase in interest rates as compared to fixed-rate mortgages,
the increased mortgage payments required of adjustable-rate loan borrowers in a rising interest rate environment could cause an
increase in delinquencies and defaults. The marketability of the underlying property also may be adversely affected in a high interest
rate environment. In addition, although adjustable-rate mortgage loans help make our asset base more responsive to changes in interest
rates, the extent of this interest sensitivity is limited by the annual and lifetime interest rate adjustment limits. 

5 

Commercial Real Estate Loans . Loans
secured by commercial real estate generally have larger balances and involve a greater degree of risk than residential mortgage
loans. Of primary concern in commercial real estate lending is the borrower s creditworthiness and the feasibility and cash
flow potential of the project. Payments on loans secured by income properties often depend on the successful operation and management
of the properties. As a result, repayment of such loans may be subject to a greater extent than residential real estate loans to
adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy. To monitor cash flows on income properties, we require borrowers and
loan guarantors, if any, to provide annual financial statements on commercial real estate loans. 

Construction Loans . Construction
financing is generally considered to involve a higher degree of risk of loss than long-term financing on improved, occupied real
estate. Risk of loss on a construction loan depends largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the property s value
at completion of construction and the estimated cost (including interest) of construction. During the construction phase, a number
of factors could result in delays and cost overruns. If the estimate of construction costs proves to be inaccurate, we may be required
to advance funds beyond the amount originally committed to permit completion of the building. If the estimate of value proves to
be inaccurate, we may be confronted, at or before the maturity of the loan, with a building having a value that is insufficient
to assure full repayment. If we are forced to foreclose on a building before or at completion due to a default, there can be no
assurance that we will be able to recover all of the unpaid balance of, and accrued interest on, the loan as well as related foreclosure
and holding costs. 

Commercial Loans . Unlike residential
mortgage loans, which generally are made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from his or her employment
or other income, and which are secured by real property whose value tends to be more easily ascertainable, commercial loans are
of higher risk and typically are made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the
borrower s business. As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment of commercial loans may depend substantially
on the success of the business itself. Further, any collateral securing such loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to
appraise and may fluctuate in value. 

Consumer Loans . Home equity and home
improvement loans are generally subject to the same risks as residential mortgage loans. Other consumer loans may entail greater
risk than residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of consumer loans that are unsecured or secured by assets that depreciate
rapidly. In such cases, repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment for
the outstanding loan and the remaining deficiency often does not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower.
In addition, consumer loan collections depend on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and therefore are more likely
to be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy. Furthermore, the application of various federal
and state laws, including federal and state bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount that can be recovered on such
loans. 

Loan Originations, Purchases and Sales .
 Loan originations come from a number of sources. We have a good working relationship with many realtors in our market area
and employ three account executives solely for the purpose of soliciting loans. Our Web site accepts on-line applications and branch
personnel are trained to take applications. We also employ five commercial loan officers. 

We generally originate loans for our portfolio
but from time to time will sell residential mortgage loans in the secondary market. Our decision to sell loans is based on prevailing
market interest rate conditions and interest rate risk management. We sold no loans in the years ended December 31, 2015,
2014 and 2013. At December 31, 2015, we had no loans held for sale. 

During 2015, we did not purchase any loans.
At December 31, 2015, purchased loans totaled 5.2 million. 

Loan Approval Procedures and Authority .
 Our lending activities follow written, non-discriminatory, underwriting standards and loan origination procedures established
by our board of directors and management. The board of directors has granted loan approval authority to certain officers up to
prescribed limits, depending on the officer s experience and tenure. The Chief Executive Officer or Chief Lending Officer
may combine their lending authority with that of one or more other officers. All extensions of credit that exceed 1.0 million
in the aggregate require the approval or ratification of the board of directors. 

6 

Loans to One Borrower . The
maximum amount that we may lend to one borrower and the borrower s related entities is generally limited, by regulation,
to 15 of our stated capital and reserves. At December 31, 2015, our regulatory limit on loans to one borrower was 15.3 million.
At that date, our largest lending relationship was 4.1 million, which consisted of four commercial mortgage loans, which
was performing according to its original repayment terms at December 31, 2015. 

Loan Commitments . We issue commitments for
fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgage loans conditioned upon the occurrence of certain events. Commitments to originate mortgage
loans are legally binding agreements to lend to our customers. Commitments, excluding lines and letters of credit, as of December 31,
2015 totaled 32.5 million. 

Investment Activities 

We have legal authority to invest in various
types of liquid assets, including U.S. Treasury obligations, securities of various federal agencies and of state and municipal
governments, mortgage-backed securities and certificates of deposit of federally insured institutions. Within certain regulatory
limits, we also may invest a portion of our assets in corporate securities and mutual funds. We also are required to maintain an
investment in Federal Home Loan Bank of New York stock. While we have the authority under applicable law and our investment policies
to invest in derivative securities, we had no such investments at December 31, 2015. 

Our investment objectives are to provide
and maintain liquidity, to provide collateral for pledging requirements, to establish an acceptable level of interest rate and
credit risk, to provide an alternate source of low-risk investments when demand for loans is weak and to generate a favorable return.
Our board of directors has the overall responsibility for the investment portfolio, including approval of the investment policy
and appointment of the Investment Committee. The Investment Committee consists of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer and Controller. The Investment Committee is responsible for implementation of the investment policy and monitoring our
investment performance. Individual investment transactions are reviewed and approved by the board of directors on a monthly basis,
while portfolio composition and performance are reviewed at least quarterly by the Investment Committee. 

At December 31, 2015, 82.7 of our
investment portfolio consisted of mortgage-backed securities issued primarily by government sponsored enterprises GSE Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae. None of our mortgage-backed securities had underlying collateral that would be considered
subprime (i.e., mortgage loans advanced to borrowers who do not qualify for market interest rates because of problems with their
credit history). All mortgage-backed securities owned by us as of December 31, 2015 possessed the highest possible investment
credit rating at that date. The remainder of the portfolio consisted primarily of corporate securities, U.S. agency securities
and municipal securities. 

Deposit Activities and Other Sources of Funds 

General . Deposits, borrowings
and loan repayments are the major sources of our funds for lending and other investment purposes. Loan repayments are a relatively
stable source of funds, while deposit inflows and outflows and loan prepayments are significantly influenced by general interest
rates and money market conditions. 

Deposit Accounts . Substantially
all of our depositors are residents of New Jersey. Deposits are attracted from within our market area through the offering of a
broad selection of deposit instruments, including noninterest-bearing demand accounts (such as money market accounts), regular
savings accounts and certificates of deposit. Deposit account terms vary according to the minimum balance required, the time periods
the funds must remain on deposit and the interest rate, among other factors. In determining the terms of our deposit accounts,
we consider the rates offered by our competition, our liquidity needs, profitability to us, matching deposit and loan products
and customer preferences and concerns. We generally review our deposit mix and pricing weekly. Our current strategy is to offer
competitive rates on certificates of deposit and stress our high level of service and technology. At December 31, 2015, we did
not have any brokered deposits. 

7 

In addition to accounts for individuals,
we also offer a variety of deposit accounts designed for the businesses operating in our market area. Our business banking deposit
products include commercial checking accounts, a sweep account, and special accounts for realtors, attorneys and non-profit organizations.
The promotion of commercial deposit accounts is an important part of our effort to increase our core deposits and reduce our funding
costs. At December 31, 2015, commercial deposits totaled 162.4 million, or 20.0 of total deposits. 

Since 1996, we have offered deposit services
to municipalities and local school boards in our market area. At December 31, 2015, we had 194.7 million in deposits from
9 municipalities and 17 school boards, all in the form of checking accounts. We emphasize high levels of service in order to attract
and retain these accounts. Municipal deposit accounts differ from business accounts in that we pay interest on those deposits and
we pledge collateral (typically investment securities), in accordance with the requirements of New Jersey s Governmental
Unit Deposit Protection Act, with the New Jersey Department of Banking to secure the portion of the deposits that are not covered
by federal deposit insurance. Unlike time deposits by municipalities, which often move from bank to bank in search of the highest
available rate, checking accounts tend to be stable relationships. 

Borrowings . We utilize advances
from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York and securities sold under agreements to repurchase to supplement our supply of investable
funds and to meet deposit withdrawal requirements. The Federal Home Loan Bank functions as a central reserve bank providing credit
for member financial institutions. As a member, we are required to own capital stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank and are authorized
to apply for advances on the security of such stock and certain mortgage loans and other assets (principally securities which are
obligations of, or guaranteed by, the United States), provided certain standards related to creditworthiness have been met. Advances
are made under several different programs, each having its own interest rate and range of maturities. Depending on the program,
limitations on the amount of advances are based either on a fixed percentage of an institution s net worth or on the Federal
Home Loan Bank s assessment of the institution s creditworthiness. Under its current credit policies, the Federal Home
Loan Bank generally limits advances to 30 of a member s assets using mortgage collateral and an additional 20 using pledged
securities for a total maximum indebtedness of 50 of assets. The Federal Home Loan Bank determines specific lines of credit for
each member institution. 

Personnel 

As of December 31, 2015 we had 155 full-time
employees and 25 part-time employees, none of whom is represented by a collective bargaining unit. We believe our relationship
with our employees is good. 

Subsidiaries 

Ocean Shore Holding s subsidiaries
are Ocean City Home Bank, OCHB Preferred Corp., a New Jersey corporation, which qualifies as a mortgage Real Estate Investment
Trust, and OCHB Investment Co., a Delaware corporation. 

Ocean City Home Bank s only active
subsidiary is Seashore Financial Services, LLC. Seashore Financial Services receives commissions from referrals for the sale of
insurance and investment products. 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

The Board of Directors annually elects the
executive officers of Ocean Shore Holding and Ocean City Home Bank, who serve at the Board s discretion. Our executive officers
are: 

Name 
 
 Position 

Steven E. Brady 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer of Ocean Shore Holding and Ocean City Home Bank 

8 

Anthony J. Rizzotte 
 
 Executive Vice President of Ocean Shore Holding and Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer of Ocean City Home Bank 

Kim Davidson 
 
 Executive Vice President of Ocean City Home Bank and Corporate Secretary of Ocean Shore Holding and Ocean City Home Bank 

Janet Bossi 
 
 Executive Vice President of Loan Administration of Ocean City Home Bank 

Paul Esposito 
 
 Senior Vice President of Operations of Ocean City Home Bank 

Donald F. Morgenweck 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ocean Shore Holding and Ocean City Home Bank 

Below is information regarding our executive
officers who are not also directors. Each executive officer has held his or her current position for at least the last five years.
Ages presented are as of December 31, 2015. 

Anthony J. Rizzotte has been Executive
Vice President and Chief Lending Officer of Ocean City Home Bank and Vice President of Ocean Shore Holding since 1991. Mr. Rizzotte
was named Executive Vice President of Ocean Shore Holding in 2004. Age 60. 

Kim Davidson has been the Executive
Vice President of Ocean City Home Bank since 2005, prior to which she served as the Senior Vice President of Business Development
of Ocean City Home Bank since 2001. She has also served as the Corporate Secretary of Ocean Shore Holding and Ocean City Home Bank
since 2004. Prior to becoming a senior vice president, Ms. Davidson was a vice president of Ocean City Home Bank. Age 55. 

Janet Bossi has been the Executive
Vice President of Loan Administration of Ocean City Home Bank since December 2012. Prior to becoming an executive vice president,
Ms. Bossi was a senior vice president of Ocean City Home Bank. Age 49. 

Paul Esposito has been the Senior
Vice President of Operations of Ocean City Home Bank since 1999. Prior to becoming a senior vice president, Mr. Esposito was
a vice president of Ocean City Home Bank. Age 65. 

Donald F. Morgenweck has been Senior
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ocean City Home Bank and Vice President of Ocean Shore Holding since March 2001.
Mr. Morgenweck was named Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ocean Shore Holding in 2004. Prior to joining
Ocean City Home Bank, Mr. Morgenweck was a Vice President at Summit Bank. Age 61. 

REGULATION AND SUPERVISION 

General 

Ocean City Home Bank, as a federal savings
association, is currently subject to extensive regulation, examination and supervision by the Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency, as its primary federal regulator, and by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as the insurer of its deposits. Ocean
City Home Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System and its deposit accounts are insured up to applicable limits by
the Deposit Insurance Fund of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Ocean City Home Bank must file reports with the Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency concerning its activities and financial condition in addition to obtaining regulatory approvals
before entering into certain transactions such as mergers with, or acquisitions of, other financial institutions. There are periodic
examinations by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency to evaluate Ocean City Home Bank s safety and soundness and
compliance with various regulatory requirements. This regulatory structure is intended primarily for the protection of the insurance
fund and depositors. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their
supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to the classification of assets
and the establishment of an adequate allowance for loan losses for regulatory purposes. Any change in such policies, whether by
the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or Congress, could have a material adverse
effect on Ocean Shore Holding and Ocean City Home Bank and their operations. 

9 

Certain of the regulatory requirements
that are applicable to Ocean City Home Bank and Ocean Shore Holding are described below. This description of statutes and regulations
is not intended to be a complete explanation of such statutes and regulations and their effects on Ocean City Home Bank and Ocean
Shore Holding. 

Capital Requirements 

In early July 2013, the Federal Reserve
Board and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency approved revisions to their capital adequacy guidelines and prompt corrective
action rules that implement the revised standards of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, commonly called Basel III, and
address relevant provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Basel III refers to two consultative documents released by the
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2009, the rules text released in December 2010, and loss absorbency rules issued
in January 2011, which include significant changes to bank capital, leverage and liquidity requirements. 

The rules include new risk-based capital
and leverage ratios, which became effective January 1, 2015, and revised the definition of what constitutes capital 
for purposes of calculating those ratios. The new minimum capital level requirements applicable to the Company and the Bank are:
(i) a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 ; (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 (increased from 4 ); (iii) a
total capital ratio of 8 (unchanged from current rules); and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4 for all institutions. In
addition, the rules assign a higher risk weight (150 to exposures that are more than 90 days past due or are on nonaccrual
status and to certain commercial real estate facilities that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property.
The rules also eliminate the inclusion of certain instruments, such as trust preferred securities, from Tier 1 capital. However,
instruments issued prior to May 19, 2010 will be grandfathered for companies with consolidated assets of 15 billion or less.
In addition, Tier 2 capital is no longer limited to the amount of Tier 1 capital included in total capital. Mortgage servicing
rights, certain deferred tax assets and investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries over designated percentages of common stock
will be required to be deducted from capital, subject to a two-year transition period. Finally, Tier 1 capital will include accumulated
other comprehensive income (which includes all unrealized gains and losses on available for sale debt and equity securities), subject
to a two-year transition period. 

The rules also establish a capital
conservation buffer of 2.5 above the new regulatory minimum capital requirements, which must consist entirely of common
equity Tier 1 capital and would result in the following minimum ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0 ,
(ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 , and (iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5 . The new capital conservation buffer requirement
will be phased in beginning in January 2016 at 0.625 of risk-weighted assets and would increase by that amount each year until
fully implemented in January 2019. An institution would be subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases,
and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below the buffer amount. These limitations would establish a maximum
percentage of eligible retained income that could be utilized for such actions. 

The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
also has authority to establish individual minimum capital requirements in appropriate cases upon a determination that an institution s
capital level is or may become inadequate in light of particular risks or circumstances. 

Federal Banking Regulation 

Business Activities. The activities
of federal savings banks, such as Ocean City Home Bank, are governed by federal laws and regulations. Those laws and regulations
delineate the nature and extent of the business activities in which federal savings banks may engage. In particular, certain lending
authority for federal savings banks, e.g., commercial, non-residential real property loans and consumer loans, is limited to a
specified percentage of the institution s capital or assets. 

10 

Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action. 
Prompt corrective action regulations provide five classifications: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized,
significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized, although these terms are not used to represent overall financial
condition. If adequately capitalized, regulatory approval is required to accept broker deposits. The Office of the Comptroller
of the Currency is required to take certain supervisory actions against undercapitalized institutions, the severity of which depends
upon the institution s degree of undercapitalization. In addition, numerous mandatory supervisory actions become immediately
applicable to an undercapitalized institution, including, but not limited to, increased monitoring by regulators and restrictions
on growth, capital distributions and expansion. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency could also take any one of a number
of discretionary supervisory actions, including the issuance of a capital directive and the replacement of senior executive officers
and directors. Significantly and critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to additional mandatory and discretionary
measures. 

Insurance of Deposit Accounts. 
Ocean City Home Bank s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation. Deposit insurance per account owner is currently 250,000. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s
existing risk-based assessment system, insured institutions are assigned to one of four risk categories based on supervisory evaluations,
regulatory capital levels and certain other factors, with less risky institutions paying lower assessments. An institution s
assessment rate depends upon the category to which it is assigned. Assessment rates range from five to 45 basis points on the institution s
assessment base, which is calculated as total assets minus tangible equity. 

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
has authority to increase insurance assessments. A significant increase in insurance premiums would likely have an adverse effect
on the operating expenses and results of operations of Ocean City Home Bank. Management cannot predict what insurance assessment
rates will be in the future. 

Loans to One Borrower. Federal law
provides that savings associations are generally subject to the limits on loans to one borrower applicable to national banks.
Generally, subject to certain exceptions, a savings association may not make a loan or extend credit to a single or related group
of borrowers in excess of 15 of its unimpaired capital and surplus. An additional amount may be lent, equal to 10 of unimpaired
capital and surplus, if secured by specified readily-marketable collateral. 

Qualified Thrift Lender Test. Federal
law requires savings associations to meet a qualified thrift lender test. Under the test, a savings association is required to
either qualify as a domestic building and loan association under the Internal Revenue Code or maintain at least
65 of its portfolio assets (total assets less: (i) specified liquid assets up to 20 of total assets; (ii) intangibles,
including goodwill; and (iii) the value of property used to conduct business) in certain qualified thrift investments 
(primarily residential mortgages and related investments, including certain mortgage-backed securities but also including education,
credit card and small business loans) in at least nine months out of each 12-month period. 

A savings association that fails the
qualified thrift lender test is subject to certain operating restrictions, including dividend limitations. The Dodd-Frank Act made
noncompliance with the qualified thrift lender test a violation of law that could result in an enforcement action. As of December
31, 2015, Ocean City Home Bank maintained 91.4 of its portfolio assets in qualified thrift investments and, therefore, met the
qualified thrift lender test. 

Limitation on Capital Distributions.
 Federal regulations impose limitations upon all capital distributions by a savings association, including cash dividends,
payments to repurchase its shares and payments to shareholders of another institution in a cash-out merger. Under the regulations,
an application to and the prior approval of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency is required before any capital distribution
if the institution does not meet the criteria for expedited treatment of applications under Office of the Comptroller
of the Currency regulations (i.e., generally, examination and Community Reinvestment Act ratings in the two top categories), the
total capital distributions for the calendar year exceed net income for that year plus the amount of retained net income for the
preceding two years, the institution would be undercapitalized following the distribution or the distribution would otherwise
be contrary to a statute, regulation or agreement with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. If an application is not
required, the institution must still provide 30 days prior written notice to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
of the capital distribution if, like Ocean City Home Bank, it is a subsidiary of a holding company, as well as an informational
notice filing to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. If Ocean City Home Bank s capital ever fell below its regulatory
requirements or the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency notified it that it was in need of increased supervision, its ability
to make capital distributions could be restricted. In addition, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency could prohibit a
proposed capital distribution by any institution, which would otherwise be permitted by the regulation, if the Office of the Comptroller
of the Currency determines that such distribution would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. 

11 

Community Reinvestment Act. All
federal savings associations have a responsibility under the Community Reinvestment Act and related regulations to help meet the
credit needs of their communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. An institution s failure to satisfactorily
comply with the provisions of the Community Reinvestment Act could result in denials of regulatory applications. Ocean City Home
Bank received a satisfactory Community Reinvestment Act rating in its most recently completed examination. 

Transactions with Related Parties. Federal
law limits Ocean City Home Bank s authority to engage in transactions with affiliates (e.g., any entity that
controls or is under common control with Ocean City Home Bank, including Ocean Shore Holding and their other subsidiaries). The
aggregate amount of covered transactions with any individual affiliate is limited to 10 of the capital and surplus of the savings
association. The aggregate amount of covered transactions with all affiliates is limited to 20 of the savings association s
capital and surplus. Certain transactions with affiliates are required to be secured by collateral in an amount and of a type
specified by federal law. The purchase of low quality assets from affiliates is generally prohibited. Transactions with affiliates
must generally be on terms and under circumstances that are at least as favorable to the institution as those prevailing at the
time for comparable transactions with non-affiliated companies. In addition, savings associations are prohibited from lending
to any affiliate that is engaged in activities that are not permissible for bank holding companies and no savings association
may purchase the securities of any affiliate other than a subsidiary. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 generally
prohibits loans by Ocean Shore Holding to its executive officers and directors. However, the law contains a specific exception
for loans by a depository institution to its executive officers and directors in compliance with federal banking laws. Under such
laws, Ocean City Home Bank s authority to extend credit to executive officers, directors and 10 shareholders insiders ),
as well as entities such person s control, is limited. The laws limit both the individual and aggregate amount of loans that
Ocean City Home Bank may make to insiders based, in part, on Ocean City Home Bank s capital level and requires that certain
board approval procedures be followed. Such loans are required to be made on terms substantially the same as those offered to unaffiliated
individuals and not involve more than the normal risk of repayment. There is an exception for loans made pursuant to a benefit
or compensation program that is widely available to all employees of the institution and does not give preference to insiders over
other employees. Loans to executive officers are subject to additional limitations based on the type of loan involved. 

Enforcement. The Office of the Comptroller
of the Currency currently has primary enforcement responsibility over savings associations and has authority to bring actions
against the institution and all institution-affiliated parties, including shareholders, and any attorneys, appraisers and accountants
who knowingly or recklessly participate in wrongful actions likely to have an adverse effect on an insured institution. Formal
enforcement action may range from the issuance of a capital directive or cease and desist order to removal of officers and/or
directors to institution of receivership, conservatorship or termination of deposit insurance. Civil penalties cover a wide range
of violations and can amount to 25,000 per day, or even 1 million per day in especially egregious cases. Federal law also establishes
criminal penalties for certain violations. 

Federal Home Loan Bank System. Ocean
City Home Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of 12 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The Federal
Home Loan Bank provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions. Ocean City Home Bank, as a member of the
Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in that Federal Home Loan Bank. Ocean
City Home Bank was in compliance with this requirement with an investment in Federal Home Loan Bank of New York stock at December
31, 2015 of 5.9 million. 

12 

Federal Reserve Board System. The
Federal Reserve Board regulations require savings associations to maintain non-interest earning reserves against their transaction
accounts (primarily Negotiable Order of Withdrawal (NOW) and regular checking accounts). The regulations generally provide that
reserves be maintained against aggregate transaction accounts as follows for 2015: a 3 reserve ratio was assessed on net transaction
accounts up to and including 103.6 million; a 10 reserve ratio is applied above 103.6 million. The first 14.5 million of otherwise
reservable balances (subject to adjustments by the Federal Reserve Board) are exempted from the reserve requirements. The amounts
are adjusted annually and, for 2016, will require a 3 ratio for up to 110.2 million and an exemption of 15.2 million. Ocean
City Home Bank complies with the foregoing requirements. 

Other Regulations 

Ocean City Home Bank s operations
are also subject to federal laws applicable to credit transactions, including the: 

Truth-In-Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; 

Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public
officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community
it serves; 

Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending
credit; 

Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1978, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; 

Fair Debt Collection Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; and rules and
regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal laws. 

The operations of Ocean City Home Bank also are subject
to laws such as the: 

Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes
procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; 

Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from
deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic
banking services; and 

Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as Check 21 ), which gives substitute checks, 
such as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check. 

Holding Company Regulation 

General. As a savings and loan holding
company, Ocean Shore Holding is subject to Federal Reserve Board regulations, examinations, supervision, reporting requirements
and regulations regarding its activities. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board has enforcement authority over Ocean Shore Holding
and its non-savings institution subsidiaries. Among other things, this authority permits the Federal Reserve Board to restrict
or prohibit activities that are determined to be a serious risk to Ocean City Home Bank. 

Ocean Shore Holding is a unitary savings
and loan holding company within the meaning of federal law. As a unitary savings and loan holding company that was in existence
prior to May 4, 1999, Ocean Shore Holding is generally not restricted as to the types of business activities in which it may engage,
provided that Ocean City Home Bank continues to be a qualified thrift lender. 

Federal law prohibits a savings and
loan holding company from, directly or indirectly or through one or more subsidiaries, acquiring more than 5 of the voting stock
of another savings association, or savings and loan holding company thereof, without prior written approval of the Federal Reserve
Board or from acquiring or retaining, with certain exceptions, more than 5 of a non-subsidiary holding company or savings association.
A savings and loan holding company is also prohibited from acquiring more than 5 of a company engaged in activities other than
those authorized by federal law or acquiring or retaining control of a depository institution that is not insured by the FDIC.
In evaluating applications by holding companies to acquire savings associations, the Federal Reserve Board must consider the financial
and managerial resources and future prospects of the company and institution involved, the effect of the acquisition on the risk
to the insurance funds, the convenience and needs of the community and competitive factors. 

13 

The Federal Reserve Board is prohibited
from approving any acquisition that would result in a multiple savings and loan holding company controlling savings associations
in more than one state, except: (i) the approval of interstate supervisory acquisitions by savings and loan holding companies;
and (ii) the acquisition of a savings association in another state if the laws of the state of the target savings association specifically
permit such acquisitions. The states vary in the extent to which they permit interstate savings and loan holding company acquisitions. 

Source of Strength. The Dodd-Frank
Act also extends the source of strength doctrine to savings and loan holding companies. The regulatory agencies
must promulgate regulations implementing the source of strength policy that holding companies act as a source of
strength to their subsidiary depository institutions by providing capital, liquidity and other support in times of financial stress. 

Dividends. The Federal Reserve Board
has the power to prohibit dividends by savings and loan holding companies if their actions constitute unsafe or unsound practices.
The Federal Reserve Board has issued a policy statement on the payment of cash dividends by bank holding companies, which also
applies to savings and loan holding companies and which expresses Federal Reserve Board s view that a holding company should
pay cash dividends only to the extent that the company s net income for the past year is sufficient to cover both the cash
dividends and a rate of earnings retention that is consistent with the company s capital needs, asset quality and overall
financial condition. The Federal Reserve Board also indicated that it would be inappropriate for a holding company experiencing
serious financial problems to borrow funds to pay dividends. Under the prompt corrective action regulations, the Federal Reserve
Board may prohibit a bank holding company from paying any dividends if the holding company s bank subsidiary is classified
as undercapitalized. 

Acquisition of Ocean Shore Holding. Under
the Federal Change in Bank Control Act, a notice must be submitted to the Federal Reserve Board if any person (including a company),
or group acting in concert, seeks to acquire direct or indirect control of a savings and loan holding company or
savings association. Under certain circumstances, a change of control may occur, and prior notice is required, upon the acquisition
of 10 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the company or institution, unless the Federal Reserve Board has found that the
acquisition will not result in a change of control of Ocean Shore Holding. Under the Change in Control Act, the Federal Reserve
Board generally has 60 days from the filing of a complete notice to act, taking into consideration certain factors, including the
financial and managerial resources of the acquirer and the anti-trust effects of the acquisition. Any company that acquires control
would then be subject to regulation as a savings and loan holding company. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

The current economic conditions pose significant challenges
that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our success depends to a large degree on
the general economic conditions in Atlantic and Cape May Counties, New Jersey. Our market has experienced a significant downturn
in which we have seen falling home prices, rising foreclosures and an increased level of commercial and consumer delinquencies.
If economic conditions do not improve or continue to decline, we could experience any of the following consequences, each of which
could further adversely affect our business: 

demand for our products and services could decline; 

14 

problem assets and foreclosures may increase; and 

loan losses may increase. 

We could experience further adverse consequences
in the event of a prolonged economic downturn in our market due to our exposure to commercial loans across various lines of business.
A prolonged economic downturn could adversely affect collateral values or cash flows of the borrowing businesses, and as a result
our primary source of repayment could be insufficient to service the debt. Another adverse consequence in the event of a prolonged
economic downturn in our market could be the loss of collateral value on commercial and real estate loans that are secured by real
estate located in our market area. A further significant decline in real estate values in our market would mean that the collateral
for many of our loans would provide less security. As a result, we would be more likely to suffer losses on defaulted loans because
our ability to fully recover on defaulted loans by selling the real estate collateral would be diminished. 

Future economic conditions in our market
will depend on factors outside of our control such as political and market conditions, broad trends in industry and finance, legislative
and regulatory changes, changes in government, military and fiscal policies and inflation. 

A downturn in the local gaming industry could cause increases
in nonperforming loans, which would hurt our profits. 

Substantially all of our loans are secured
by real estate or made to individuals or businesses located in Southern New Jersey. As a result of this concentration, a downturn
in the local economy could cause significant increases in nonperforming loans, which would hurt our profits. Four of the 12 Atlantic
City casinos that were operating as of January 1, 2014 closed during the year and a fifth declared bankruptcy. The casino closings
in 2014 resulted in the loss of approximately 8,000 jobs. Tourism is a significant contributor to the economy of Southern New Jersey,
and other tourism destinations on the Jersey Shore rely on visitors to Atlantic City, who also visit nearby Shore communities for
shopping, sightseeing or dining. While we are not engaged in lending to the gaming industry, some of our borrowers are employed
in the gaming industry or have businesses that benefit from the industry. Further declines in the New Jersey gaming industry could
result in increased levels of classified assets, nonperforming loans and charge-offs, as well as reduced loan demand. 

Our emphasis on residential mortgage loans exposes us to
a risk of loss due to a decline in property values. 

At December 31, 2015, 607.8 million, or
77.6 , of our loan portfolio consisted of one- to four-family residential mortgage loans, and 51.0 million, or 6.5 , of
our loan portfolio consisted of home equity loans. Declines in real estate values could cause some of our mortgage and home equity
loans to be inadequately collateralized, which would expose us to a greater risk of loss in the event that we seek to recover on
defaulted loans by selling the real estate collateral. Because of our location on the South Jersey shore, many of the properties
securing our residential mortgages are second homes or rental properties. At December 31, 2015, 41.2 of our one- to four-family
mortgage loans were secured by second homes and 15.7 were secured by rental properties. These loans generally are considered to
be more risky than loans secured by the borrower s permanent residence, since the borrower is typically dependent upon rental
income to meet debt service requirements, in the case of a rental property, and when in financial difficulty is more likely to
make payments on the loan secured by the borrower s primary residence before a vacation home. 

Commercial lending may expose us to increased lending risks.

At December 31, 2015, 109.1 million, or
13.9 , of our loan portfolio consisted of commercial and multi-family real estate loans, commercial construction loans and commercial
business loans. These types of loans generally expose a lender to greater risk of non-payment and loss than one- to four-family
residential mortgage loans because repayment of the loans often depends on the successful operation of the property and the income
stream of the borrowers. Such loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared
to one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. Also, many of our commercial borrowers have more than one loan outstanding with
us. Consequently, an adverse development with respect to one loan or one credit relationship can expose us to a significantly greater
risk of loss compared to an adverse development with respect to a one- to four-family residential mortgage loan. 

15 

Higher loan losses could require us to increase our allowance
for loan losses through a charge to earnings. 

When we loan money we incur the risk that
our borrowers do not repay their loans. We reserve for loan losses by establishing an allowance through a charge to earnings. The
amount of this allowance is based on our assessment of loan losses inherent in our loan portfolio. The process for determining
the amount of the allowance is critical to our financial results and condition. It requires subjective and complex judgments about
the future, including forecasts of economic or market conditions that might impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their
loans. We might underestimate the loan losses inherent in our loan portfolio and have loan losses in excess of the amount reserved.
We might increase the allowance because of changing economic conditions. For example, in a rising interest rate environment, borrowers
with adjustable-rate loans could see their payments increase. There may be a significant increase in the number of borrowers who
are unable or unwilling to repay their loans, resulting in our charging off more loans and increasing our allowance. In addition,
when real estate values decline, the potential severity of loss on a real estate-secured loan can increase significantly, especially
in the case of loans with high combined loan-to-value ratios. In addition, our determination as to the amount of our allowance
for loan losses is subject to review by Ocean City Home s primary regulator, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency,
as part of its examination process, which may result in the establishment of an additional allowance based upon the judgment of
the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency after a review of the information available at the time of its examination. Our allowance
for loan losses amounted to 0.41 of total loans outstanding and 56.3 of nonperforming loans at December 31, 2015. Our allowance
for loan losses at December 31, 2015, may not be sufficient to cover future loan losses. A large loss could deplete the allowance
and require increased provisions to replenish the allowance, which would negatively affect earnings. 

If we conclude that the decline in value of any of our investment
securities is other than temporary, we are required to write down the value of that security through a charge to earnings. 

We evaluate our securities portfolio for
other-than-temporary impairment throughout the year. Each investment that has a fair value less than book value is reviewed on
a quarterly basis. An impairment charge is recorded against individual securities if management s review concludes that the
decline in value is other than temporary. As of December 31, 2015, our investment portfolio included 5 corporate debt securities
with a book value of 9.7 million and an estimated fair value of 8.8 million. Changes in the expected cash flows of these securities
and/or prolonged price declines may result in our concluding in future periods that the impairment of these securities is other
than temporary, which would require a charge to earnings to write down the value of these securities. At December 31, 2015, we
had an investment of 5.9 million in capital stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. If the Federal Home Loan Bank of
New York is unable to meet minimum regulatory capital requirements or is required to aid the remaining Federal Home Loan Banks,
our holding of Federal Home Loan Bank stock may be determined to be other than temporarily impaired and may require a charge to
our earnings, which could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any charges
for other-than-temporary impairment would not impact cash flow, tangible capital or liquidity. 

Ineffective liquidity management could adversely affect our
financial results and condition. 

Effective liquidity management is essential
for the operation of our business. We require sufficient liquidity to meet customer loan requests, customer deposit maturities/withdrawals,
payments on our debt obligations as they come due and other cash commitments under both normal operating conditions and other unpredictable
circumstances causing industry or general financial market stress. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance
our activities on terms that are acceptable to us could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services
industry or economy generally. Factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include a downturn in the
geographic markets in which our loans and operations are concentrated or difficult credit markets. Our access to deposits may also
be affected by the liquidity needs of our depositors. In particular, a majority of our liabilities during 2015 were checking accounts
and other liquid deposits, which are payable on demand or upon several days notice, while by comparison, a substantial majority
of our assets were loans, which cannot be called or sold in the same time frame. Although we have historically been able to replace
maturing deposits and advances as necessary, we might not be able to replace such funds in the future, especially if a large number
of our depositors seek to withdraw their accounts, regardless of the reason. A failure to maintain adequate liquidity could materially
and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

16 

Changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest income
and earnings. 

Our net interest income is the interest
we earn on loans and investments less the interest we pay on our deposits and borrowings. Our net interest spread is the difference
between the yield we earn on our assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits and our other sources of funding. Changes in
interest rates up or down could adversely affect our net interest spread and, as a result, our net interest income
and net interest margin. Although the yield we earn on our assets and our funding costs tend to move in the same direction in response
to changes in interest rates, one can rise or fall faster than the other, causing our net interest margin to expand or contract.
Our liabilities tend to be shorter in duration than our assets, so they may adjust faster in response to changes in interest rates.
As a result, when interest rates rise, our funding costs may rise faster than the yield we earn on our assets, causing our net
interest margin to contract until the yield catches up. This contraction could be more severe following a prolonged period of lower
interest rates, as a larger proportion of our fixed rate residential loan portfolio will have been originated at those lower rates
and borrowers may be more reluctant or unable to sell their homes in a higher interest rate environment. Changes in the slope of
the yield curve or the spread between short-term and long-term interest rates could also reduce our net
interest margin. Normally, the yield curve is upward sloping, meaning short-term rates are lower than long-term rates. Because
our liabilities tend to be shorter in duration than our assets, when the yield curve flattens or even inverts, we could experience
pressure on our net interest margin as our cost of funds increases relative to the yield we can earn on our assets. 

Strong competition within our market area could reduce our
profits and slow growth. 

We face intense competition both in making
loans and attracting deposits. This competition has made it more difficult for us to make new loans and at times has forced us
to offer higher deposit rates. Price competition for loans and deposits might result in us earning less on our loans and paying
more on our deposits, which would reduce net interest income. Competition also makes it more difficult to grow loans and deposits.
As of June 30, 2015, which is the most recent date for which information is available, we held 10.36 of the deposits in Atlantic
County, New Jersey, which represented the 4 th largest share of deposits, respectively, out of 16 financial institutions
with offices in the county. As of June 30, 2015, we held 9.33 of the deposits in Cape May County, New Jersey, which was the 
 6 th largest share of deposits out of 12 financial institutions with offices in the county. Some of the institutions
with which we compete have substantially greater resources and lending limits than we have and may offer services that we do not
provide. We expect competition to increase in the future as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the
continuing trend of consolidation in the financial services industry. Our profitability depends upon our continued ability to compete
successfully in our market area. 

Our profitability may suffer because of changes in the highly
regulated environment in which we operate. 

The banking industry is subject to extensive
regulation by state and federal banking authorities. Many of the banking regulations that govern us are intended to protect depositors,
the public or the insurance fund maintained by the FDIC rather than our shareholders. Banking regulations affect our lending practices,
capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy and many other aspects of our business. These requirements may constrain
our rate of growth, and changes in regulations could adversely affect our ability to grow. The burden imposed by these federal
and state regulations may place banks at a competitive disadvantage compared to less regulated competitors. In addition, the cost
of compliance with regulatory requirements could adversely affect our ability to operate profitably. 

We operate in a highly regulated industry and may be adversely
affected by supervisory actions of our regulators. 

Since the financial crisis that began in
2008, the federal regulatory agencies have taken stronger supervisory actions against financial institutions that have experienced
increased loan losses and other weaknesses. Actions include entering into written agreements and cease and desist orders that place
certain limitations on such institutions operations. Federal bank regulators recently have also been using with more frequency
their ability to impose individual minimal capital requirements on banks, which requirements may be higher than those which would
otherwise qualify the bank as being well capitalized under prompt corrective action regulations. If we were to become
subject to a supervisory agreement or higher individual capital requirements, such action may have a negative impact on our ability
to execute our business plans, as well as our ability to grow, pay dividends or engage in mergers and acquisitions and may result
in restrictions in our operations. 

17 

New capital rules generally require insured depository institutions
and their holding companies to hold more capital. The impact of the new rules on our financial condition and operations is uncertain
but could be materially adverse. 

New capital rules adopted by the Federal
Reserve and the OCC substantially amend the regulatory risk-based capital rules applicable to us. The rules phase in over time
beginning in 2015 and will become fully effective in 2019. The rules apply to the Company as well as to the Bank. Our minimum capital
requirements are (i) a common Tier 1 equity ratio of 4.5 , (ii) a Tier 1 capital (common Tier 1 capital plus Additional Tier 1
capital) of 6 (up from 4 and (iii) a total capital ratio of 8 (the current requirement). Beginning in 2016, a capital conservation
buffer will phase in over three years, ultimately resulting in a requirement of 2.5 on top of the common Tier 1, Tier 1 and total
capital requirements, resulting in a required common Tier 1 equity ratio of 7 , a Tier 1 ratio of 8.5 , and a total capital ratio
of 10.5 . Failure to satisfy any of these three capital requirements will result in limits on paying dividends, engaging in share
repurchases and paying discretionary bonuses. These limitations will establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income
that could be utilized for such actions. 

Regulation of the financial services industry is undergoing
major changes, and future legislation could increase our cost of doing business or harm our competitive position. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act enacted in 2010 has created a significant shift in the way financial institutions
operate. The Dodd-Frank Act restructured the regulation of depository institutions by merging the Office of Thrift Supervision,
which previously regulated Ocean City Home Bank, into the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and assigning the regulation
of savings and loan holding companies, including Ocean City Home, to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 

The Dodd-Frank Act also created the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau which has broad powers to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws. The Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau has broad rule-making authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all banks and savings institutions
including the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. The Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau has examination and enforcement authority over all banks and savings institutions with more than 10.0 billion in assets.
Banks and savings institutions with 10.0 billion or less in assets are examined by their applicable bank regulators. 

As required by the Dodd-Frank Act, the federal
banking regulators have adopted new consolidated capital requirements that limit our ability to borrow at the holding company level
and invest the proceeds from such borrowings as capital in Ocean City Home Bank that could be leveraged to support additional growth.
The Dodd-Frank Act contains various other provisions designed to enhance the regulation of depository institutions and prevent
the recurrence of a financial crisis such as occurred in 2008-2009. The Dodd-Frank Act may have a material impact on our operations,
particularly through increased regulatory burden and compliance costs. 

Any future legislative changes could have
a material impact on our profitability, the value of assets held for investment or collateral for loans. Future legislative changes
could require changes to business practices or force us to discontinue businesses and potentially expose us to additional costs,
liabilities, enforcement action and reputational risk. 

We are dependent on our information technology and telecommunications
systems and third-party servicers; systems failures, interruptions or breaches of security could have a material adverse effect
on us. 

Our business is dependent on the successful
and uninterrupted functioning of our information technology and telecommunications systems and third-party servicers. The failure
of these systems, or the termination of a third-party software license or service agreement on which any of these systems is based,
could interrupt our operations. Because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on
third-party systems, we could experience service denials if demand for such services exceeds capacity or such third-party systems
fail or experience interruptions. If significant, sustained or repeated, a system failure or service denial could compromise our
ability to operate effectively, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, and/or subject us to additional regulatory
scrutiny and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

18 

Our third-party service providers may be
vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, phishing schemes and other security breaches. We may be required to expend
significant additional resources to protect against the threat of such security breaches and computer viruses, or to alleviate
problems caused by such security breaches or viruses. To the extent that the activities of our third-party service providers or
the activities of our customers involve the storage and transmission of confidential information, security breaches and viruses
could expose us to claims, regulatory scrutiny, litigation and other possible liabilities. 

Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise
our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 

In the ordinary course of our business,
we collect and store sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business
partners; and personally identifiable information of our customers and employees. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission
of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. We, our customers, and other financial institutions with
which we interact, are subject to ongoing, continuous attempts to penetrate key systems by individual hackers, organized criminals,
and in some cases, state-sponsored organizations. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure
may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could
compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such unauthorized
access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect
the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties; disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers;
damage our reputation; and cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, all of which could adversely affect our business,
revenues and competitive position. We may be required to spend significant capital and other resources to protect against the threat
of security breaches and computer viruses, or to alleviate problems caused by security breaches or viruses. 

To remain competitive, we must keep pace with technological
change. 

Financial products and services have become
increasingly technology-driven. Our ability to meet the needs of our customers competitively, and in a cost-efficient manner, is
dependent on the ability to keep pace with technological advances and to invest in new technology as it becomes available. Many
of our competitors have greater resources to invest in technology than we do and may be better equipped to market new technology-driven
products and services. The ability to keep pace with technological change is important, and the failure to do so could have a material
adverse impact on our business and therefore on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with
the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. 

The federal Bank Secrecy Act, the Uniting
and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the PATRIOT
Act and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain effective
anti-money laundering programs and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate. The federal Financial
Crimes Enforcement Network, established by the U.S. Treasury Department to administer the Bank Secrecy Act, is authorized to impose
significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts
with the individual federal banking regulators, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration and
Internal Revenue Service. Federal and state bank regulators also have begun to focus on compliance with Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money
laundering regulations. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient or the policies, procedures and systems of
the financial institutions that we may acquire in the future are deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and
regulatory actions such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed
with certain aspects of our business plan, including our acquisition plans, which would negatively impact our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist
financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us. 

19 

We are subject to a variety of operational, environmental,
legal and compliance risks, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations . 

We are exposed to many types of operational
risks, including reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, the risk of fraud or theft by employees or outsiders, and unauthorized
transactions by employees or operational errors, including clerical or record-keeping errors or those resulting from faulty or
disabled computer or telecommunications systems. Negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number
of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance and acquisitions and from actions taken by government regulators
and community organizations in response to those activities. Negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to attract
and keep customers and can expose us to litigation and regulatory action. Actual or alleged conduct by the Bank can also result
in negative public opinion about our business. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently conduct business through our
eleven full-service banking offices in Ocean City, Marmora, Linwood, Ventnor, Egg Harbor Township, Northfield, Margate City, Mays
Landing, Galloway, Hammonton and Egg Harbor City, New Jersey. We own all of our offices, except for those in Absecon, Northfield
and Hammonton. The lease for our Northfield office expires in 2021 and has an option for an additional one year. The lease for
our Hammonton office expires in 2021 and has an option for an additional one year. The net book value of the land, buildings, furniture,
fixtures and equipment owned by us was 12.4 million at December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Periodically, there have been various claims
and lawsuits against us, such as claims to enforce liens, condemnation proceedings on properties in which we hold security interests,
claims involving the making and servicing of real property loans and other issues incident to our business. We are not a party
to any pending legal proceedings that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

20 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

The Company s common stock is listed
on the Nasdaq Global Market NASDAQ under the trading symbol OSHC. The following table sets forth
the high and low sales prices of the common stock and dividends paid per share for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.
See Item 1, Business Regulation and Supervision Limitation on Capital Distributions and note 2
in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information relating to restrictions on dividends. 

High 
 Low 
 Dividends Paid Per Share 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2015: 

Fourth Quarter 
 17.60 
 15.74 
 0.06 
 
 Third Quarter 
 16.17 
 14.54 
 0.06 
 
 Second Quarter 
 15.72 
 14.59 
 0.06 
 
 First Quarter 
 14.85 
 13.80 
 0.06 

Year Ended December 31, 2014: 

Fourth Quarter 
 14.44 
 13.64 
 0.06 
 
 Third Quarter 
 14.79 
 14.12 
 0.06 
 
 Second Quarter 
 14.88 
 13.94 
 0.06 
 
 First Quarter 
 14.32 
 13.28 
 0.06 

As of March 2, 2016, there were approximately
562 holders of record of the Company s common stock. 

21 

Period Ending 
 
 Index 
 12/31/10 
 12/31/11 
 12/31/12 
 12/31/13 
 12/31/14 
 12/31/15 
 
 Ocean Shore Holding Co. 
 100.00 
 91.45 
 134.55 
 126.23 
 134.55 
 163.68 
 
 NASDAQ Composite 
 100.00 
 99.21 
 116.82 
 163.75 
 188.03 
 201.40 
 
 SNL Thrift Index 
 100.00 
 84.12 
 102.32 
 131.30 
 141.22 
 158.80 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchases During the 4th Quarter of 2015 

Period 
 (a) Total number of Shares (or Units) Purchased 
 (b) Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) 
 (c) Total Number of Shares (or units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 (d) Maximum Number (or Appropriate Dollar Value) of Shares (or units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 
 
 Month #1 October 1, 2015 through October 31, 2015 

Month #2 November 1, 2015 through November 30, 2015 
 3,093 (1) 
 16.65 

Month #3 December 1, 2015 through December 31, 2015 

Total 
 3,093 
 16.65 

(1) Shares withheld upon vesting of restricted stock to satisfy tax obligations. 

22 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

At or For the Year Ended December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 2012 
 2011 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Financial Condition Data: 

Total assets 
 1,043,379 
 1,024,754 
 1,020,048 
 1,045,488 
 994,730 
 
 Investment securities 
 112,992 
 111,317 
 128,701 
 116,774 
 52,732 
 
 Loans receivable, net 
 783,948 
 774,017 
 744,802 
 703,898 
 727,626 
 
 Deposits 
 812,033 
 787,078 
 780,647 
 801,765 
 752,455 
 
 Borrowings 
 105,000 
 117,217 
 120,309 
 125,464 
 125,464 
 
 Total equity 
 111,789 
 105,811 
 106,223 
 104,728 
 104,680 

Operating Data: 

Interest and dividend income 
 35,150 
 35,367 
 34,972 
 36,851 
 38,087 
 
 Interest expense 
 6,696 
 7,566 
 8,512 
 10,217 
 12,186 
 
 Net interest income 
 28,454 
 27,801 
 26,460 
 26,634 
 25,901 
 
 Provision for loan losses 
 689 
 462 
 757 
 893 
 473 
 
 Net interest income after provision for loan losses 
 27,765 
 27,339 
 25,703 
 25,741 
 25,428 
 
 Other income 
 4,390 
 4,246 
 4,463 
 4,003 
 3,538 
 
 Other expenses 
 21,888 
 21,765 
 21,972 
 21,563 
 20,376 
 
 Income before taxes 
 10,267 
 9,820 
 8,194 
 8,181 
 8,590 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 3,399 
 3,522 
 2,845 
 3,180 
 3,532 
 
 Net income 
 6,868 
 6,298 
 5,349 
 5,001 
 5,058 

Per Share Data: 

Earnings per share, basic 
 1.14 
 1.00 
 0.82 
 0.75 
 0.75 
 
 Earnings per share, diluted 
 1.12 
 0.98 
 0.81 
 0.74 
 0.74 
 
 Dividends per share 
 0.24 
 0.24 
 0.24 
 0.24 
 0.24 
 
 Dividend payout ratio 
 22.0 
 25.7 
 31.2 
 34.5 
 34.6 
 
 Weighted average shares basic 
 6,015,157 
 6,266,344 
 6,520,951 
 6,652,537 
 6,748,334 
 
 Weighted average shares diluted 
 6,124,158 
 6,400,804 
 6,607,109 
 6,715,404 
 6,831,989 

23 

At or For the Year Ended December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 2012 
 2011 
 
 Performance Ratios: 

Return on average assets 
 0.65 
 0.61 
 0.51 
 0.48 
 0.54 
 
 Return on average equity 
 6.31 
 5.89 
 5.02 
 4.73 
 4.90 
 
 Interest rate spread (1) 
 3.04 
 3.08 
 3.10 
 3.43 
 3.54 
 
 Net interest margin (2) 
 3.19 
 3.15 
 3.12 
 3.37 
 3.51 
 
 Noninterest expense to average assets 
 2.08 
 2.10 
 2.09 
 2.08 
 2.18 
 
 Efficiency ratio (3) 
 66.64 
 67.91 
 71.05 
 70.38 
 69.21 
 
 Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 
 120.67 
 107.76 
 102.41 
 95.18 
 98.17 
 
 Average equity to average assets 
 10.34 
 10.32 
 10.16 
 10.20 
 11.03 

Capital Ratios (4): 

Tier 1 leverage capital 
 9.30 
 9.78 
 9.96 
 9.62 
 9.72 
 
 Common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital 
 17.94 

Tier 1 risk-based capital 
 17.94 
 18.73 
 19.05 
 19.92 
 19.40 
 
 Total risk-based capital 
 18.52 
 19.24 
 19.77 
 20.63 
 18.75 

Asset Quality Ratios: 

Allowance for loan losses as a percent of total loans 
 0.41 
 0.49 
 0.56 
 0.57 
 0.52 
 
 Allowance for loan losses as a percent of nonperforming loans 
 56.3 
 60.0 
 82.8 
 69.5 
 58.0 
 
 Non-performing loans as a percent of total loans 
 0.72 
 0.81 
 0.68 
 0.82 
 0.89 
 
 Non-performing assets as a percent of total assets 
 0.72 
 0.68 
 0.55 
 0.64 
 0.66 

(1) Represents the difference between the weighted average yield on average interest-earning assets and the weighted average cost
of interest-bearing liabilities. 

(2) Represents net interest income as a percent of average interest-earning assets. 

(3) Represents noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest income and noninterest income, excluding gains or losses
on the sale of securities. 

(4) Ratios are for Ocean City Home Bank. Common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital was introduced in 2015. 

24 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This report contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be
identified by words such as anticipates, intends, plans, seeks, believes, 
 estimates, expects, will, may, could, should, 
 can and similar references to future periods. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements we make about: future results of the Company; expectations for loan losses and the sufficiency of our loan loss
allowance to cover future loan losses; the expected outcome and impact of legal, regulatory and legislative developments; and the
Company s plans, objectives and strategies. 

Forward-looking statements are based on
our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking
statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult
to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. We caution you,
therefore, against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. They are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees
or assurances of future performance. While there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete,
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include the
following, without limitation: 

the effect of political and economic conditions and geopolitical events; 

economic conditions that affect the general economy, housing prices, the job market, consumer confidence and spending habits; 

the level and volatility of the capital markets and interest rates; 

investor sentiment and confidence in the financial markets; 

the impact of current, pending and future legislation, regulation and legal actions; 

changes in accounting standards, rules and interpretations; 

various monetary and fiscal policies and regulations of the U.S. government; and 

the other factors described in Risk Factors in this report. 

Any forward-looking statement made by us
in this report speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ
may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update
any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required
by law. 

General Overview 

We conduct community banking activities
by accepting deposits and making loans in our market area. Our lending products include residential mortgage loans, commercial
loans and mortgages, and home equity and other consumer loans. We also maintain an investment portfolio consisting primarily of
mortgage-backed securities to manage our liquidity and interest rate risk. Our loan and investment portfolios are funded with deposits
as well as collateralized borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. 

Income . Our primary source
of pre-tax income is net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income, which is the income that
we earn on our loans and investments, and interest expense, which is the interest that we pay on our deposits and borrowings. Our
net interest income is affected by a variety of factors, including the mix of interest-earning assets in our portfolio and changes
in levels of interest rates. Growth in net interest income is dependent upon our ability to prudently manage the balance sheet
for growth, combined with how successfully we maintain or increase net interest margin, which is net interest income as a percentage
of average interest-earning assets. 

25 

A secondary source of income is non-interest
income, or other income, which is revenue that we receive from providing products and services. The majority of our non-interest
income generally comes from service charges (mostly from service charges on deposit accounts). We also earn income on bank-owned
life insurance and receive commissions for various services. In some years, we recognize income from the sale of securities and
real estate owned. 

Allowance for Loan Losses . The
allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance for probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date.
We evaluate the need to establish allowances against losses on loans on a monthly basis. When additional allowances are necessary,
a provision for loan losses is charged to earnings. 

Expenses. The noninterest
expenses we incur in operating our business consist primarily of expenses for salaries and employee benefits and for occupancy
and equipment. We also incur expenses for items such as professional services, advertising, office supplies, insurance, telephone,
and postage. Our largest noninterest expense is for salaries and employee benefits, which consist primarily of salaries and wages
paid to our employees, payroll taxes, and expenses for health insurance, retirement plans and other employee benefits. Occupancy
and equipment expenses, which are the fixed and variable costs of buildings and equipment, consist primarily of depreciation charges,
ATM and data processing expenses, furniture and equipment expenses, maintenance, real estate taxes and costs of utilities. Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation assessments are a specified percentage of assessable deposits. 

Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates 

The discussion and analysis of the financial
condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires management
to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities, and the reported amounts of income and expenses. We consider the accounting policies discussed below to be critical
accounting policies. The estimates and assumptions that we use are based on historical experience and various other factors and
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions
or conditions, resulting in a change that could have a material impact on the carrying value of our assets and liabilities and
our results of operations. 

Allowance for Loan Losses . The
allowance for loan losses is the amount estimated by management as necessary to cover losses inherent in the loan portfolio at
the balance sheet date. The allowance is established through the provision for loan losses, which is charged to income. Determining
the amount of the allowance for loan losses necessarily involves a high degree of judgment. Among the material estimates required
to establish the allowance are the following: loss exposure at default; the amount and timing of future cash flows on impacted
loans; value of collateral; and determination of loss factors to be applied to the various elements of the portfolio. All of these
estimates are susceptible to significant change. Although we believe that we use the best information available to establish the
allowance for loan losses, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially from
the assumptions used in making the evaluation. In addition, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, as an integral part
of its examination process, periodically reviews our allowance for loan losses. Such agency may require us to recognize adjustments
to the allowance based on its judgments about information available to it at the time of its examination. The allowance for loan
losses is maintained at a level that management considers adequate to provide for estimated losses and impairment based upon an
evaluation of known and inherent risk in the loan portfolio. Loan impairment is evaluated based on the fair value of collateral
or estimated net realizable value. A provision for loan losses is charged to operations based on management s evaluation
of the estimated losses that have been incurred in the Company s loan portfolio. It is the policy of management to provide
for losses on unidentified loans in its portfolio in addition to classified loans. 

26 

Management monitors its allowance for loan
losses monthly and makes adjustments to the allowance through the provision for loan losses as economic conditions and other pertinent
factors indicate. The quarterly review and adjustment of the qualitative factors employed in the allowance methodology and the
updating of historic loss experience allow for timely reaction to emerging conditions and trends. In this context, a
series of qualitative factors are used in a methodology as a measurement of how current circumstances are affecting the loan portfolio.
Included in these qualitative factors are: 

Levels of past due, classified and non-accrual loans, troubled debt restructurings and modifications; 

Nature and volume of loans; 

Changes in lending policies and procedures, underwriting standards, collections, charge-offs and recoveries, and for commercial
loans, the level of loans being approved with exceptions to policy; 

Experience, ability and depth of management and staff; 

National and local economic and business conditions, including various market segments; 

Quality of our loan review system and degree of Board oversight; 

Concentrations of credit by industry, geography and collateral type, with a specific emphasis on real estate, and changes in
levels of such concentrations; and 

Effect of external factors, including the deterioration of collateral values, on the level of estimated credit losses in the
current portfolio. 

In determining the allowance for loan losses,
management has established both specific and general pooled allowances. Values assigned to the qualitative factors and those developed
from historic loss experience provide a dynamic basis for the calculation of reserve factors for both pass-rated loans (general
pooled allowance) and those criticized and classified loans without reserves (specific allowance). The amount of the specific allowance
is determined through a loan-by-loan analysis of non-performing loans. Loans not individually reviewed are evaluated as a group
using reserve factor percentages based on qualitative and quantitative factors described above. In determining the appropriate
level of the general pooled allowance, management makes estimates based on internal risk ratings, which take into account such
factors as debt service coverage, loan-to-value ratios, and external factors. If a loan is identified as impaired and is collateral
dependant, an appraisal is obtained to provide a base line in determining whether the carrying amount of the loan exceeds the net
realizable value. We recognize impairment through a provision estimate or a charge-off is recorded when management determines we
will not collect 100 of a loan based on foreclosure of the collateral, less cost to sell the property, or the present value of
expected cash flows. 

As changes in our operating environment
occur and as recent loss experience fluctuates, the factors for each category of loan based on type and risk rating will change
to reflect current circumstances and the quality of the loan portfolio. Given that the components of the allowance are
based partially on historical losses and on risk rating changes in response to recent events, required reserves may trail the emergence
of any unforeseen deterioration in credit quality. 

27 

Other Than Temporary Impairment. 
We assess whether a decline is other than temporary with respect to a debt security which has a fair value less than the book value
by considering whether (1) we have the intent to sell the security, (2) it is more likely than not that we will be required to
sell the security before recovery, or (3) we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. We bifurcate
the impact on securities where impairment in value was deemed to be other than temporary between the component representing credit
loss and the component representing loss related to other factors, when the security is not otherwise intended to be sold or is
required to be sold. The portion of the fair value decline attributable to credit loss must be recognized through a charge to earnings.
The credit component is determined by comparing the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected, discounted at the
rate in effect before recognizing any OTTI, with the amortized cost basis of the debt security. We use the cash flow expected to
be realized from the security, which includes assumptions about interest rates, timing and severity of defaults, estimates of potential
recoveries, the cash flow distribution from the bond indenture and other factors, then apply a discount rate equal to the effective
yield of the security. The difference between the present value of the expected cash flows and the amortized book value is considered
a credit loss. The fair market value of the security is determined using the same expected cash flows, where market-based observable
inputs are not available; the discount rate is a rate we determine from open market and other sources as appropriate for the security.
The fair value is based on market prices or market-based observable inputs when available. The difference between the fair
market value and the credit loss is recognized in other comprehensive income. Additional information regarding our accounting for
investment securities is included in notes 2 and 3 to the notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Deferred Income Taxes. We
account for income taxes in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes. FASB ASC 740 requires the recording of deferred income taxes that reflect
the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes
and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future
tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases. If current available information raises doubt as to the realization of the deferred tax assets,
a valuation allowance is established. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply
to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. We exercise significant
judgment in evaluating the amount and timing of recognition of the resulting tax liabilities and assets. These judgments require
us to make projections of future taxable income as well as judgments about availability of capital gains. The judgments and estimates
we make in determining our deferred tax assets, which are inherently subjective, are reviewed on a continual basis as regulatory
and business factors change. Any reduction in estimated future taxable income may require us to record an additional valuation
allowance against our deferred tax assets. Further, an inability to employ a qualifying tax strategy to utilize our deferred tax
asset arising from capital losses may give rise to an additional valuation allowance. An increase in the valuation allowance would
result in additional income tax expense in the period, which would negatively affect earnings. FASB ASC 740 prescribes a minimum
probability threshold that a tax position must meet before a financial statement benefit is recognized. When applicable, we recognize
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes in the consolidated income statement. Assessment
of uncertain tax positions under FASB ASC 740 requires careful consideration of the technical merits of a position based on management s
analysis of tax regulations and interpretations. Significant judgment may be involved in applying the requirements of FASB
ASC 740. 

Our adherence to FASB ASC 740 may result
in increased volatility in quarterly and annual effective income tax rates, as FASB ASC 740 requires that any change in judgment
or change in measurement of a tax position taken in a prior period be recognized as a discrete event in the period in which it
occurs. Factors that could impact management s judgment include changes in income, tax laws and regulations, and tax planning
strategies. 

Fair Value Measurement. We
account for fair value measurement in accordance with FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures . FASB
ASC 820 establishes a framework for measuring fair value. FASB ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date, emphasizing that fair value is a market-based measurement and not an entity-specific measurement. FASB ASC 820
clarifies the application of fair value measurement in a market that is not active. FASB ASC 820 also includes additional
factors for determining whether there has been a significant decrease in market activity, affirms the objective of fair value
when a market is not active, eliminates the presumption that all transactions are not orderly unless proven otherwise, and requires
an entity to disclose inputs and valuation techniques, and changes therein, used to measure fair value. FASB ASC 820 addresses
the valuation techniques used to measure fair value. These valuation techniques include the market approach, income approach and
cost approach. The market approach uses prices or relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or
comparable assets or liabilities. The income approach involves converting future amounts to a single present amount. The measurement
is valued based on current market expectations about those future amounts. The cost approach is based on the amount that currently
would be required to replace the service capacity of the asset. 

28 

FASB ASC 820 establishes a fair value
hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The fair value
hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest
priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based
upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the instrument s fair value measurement. The three levels within the
fair value hierarchy are described as follows: 

Level 1 Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include: quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices
for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable
for the asset or liability; and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation
or other means. 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value
of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing
models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value
requires significant management judgment or estimation. 

We measure financial assets and liabilities
at fair value in accordance with FASB ASC 820. These measurements involve various valuation techniques and models, which involve
inputs that are observable, when available, and include the following significant financial instruments: investment securities
available for sale and derivative financial instruments. The following is a summary of valuation techniques utilized by us for
our significant financial assets and liabilities which are valued on a recurring basis. 

Investment securities available for sale .
Where quoted prices for identical securities are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the
valuation hierarchy. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated using quoted prices of securities
with similar characteristics or discounted cash flows based on observable market inputs and are classified within Level 2 of the
fair value hierarchy. In certain cases where there is limited activity or less transparency around inputs to the valuation, securities
are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. Level 3 market value measurements include an internally developed discounted
cash flow model combined with using market data points of similar securities with comparable credit ratings in addition to market
yield curves with similar maturities in determining the discount rate. In addition, significant estimates and unobservable inputs
are required in the determination of Level 3 market value measurements. If actual results differ significantly from the estimates
and inputs applied, it could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

In addition, certain assets are measured
at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject
to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). We measure impaired loans,
FHLB stock and loans transferred into other real estate owned at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 

We review and validate the valuation techniques
and models utilized for measuring financial assets and liabilities at least quarterly. 

Goodwill and Core Deposit Intangibles.
 Goodwill is the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets and
liabilities of companies acquired through business combinations accounted for under the purchase method. Core deposit intangibles
are a measure of the value of checking, savings and other-low cost deposits acquired in business combinations accounted for under
the purchase method. Core deposit intangibles are amortized over the estimated useful lives of the existing deposit relationships
acquired, but not exceeding 15 years. The Company evaluates the identifiable intangibles at its Ocean City Home Bank subsidiary
for impairment when an indicator of impairment exists, but not less than annually. Separable intangible assets that are not deemed
to have an indefinite life continue to be amortized over their useful lives. 

29 

Goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible
assets are not amortized on a recurring basis, but rather are subject to periodic impairment testing. Management performs
an annual goodwill impairment test and whenever events occur or circumstances change that indicates the fair value of a reporting
unit may be below its carrying value. 

Balance Sheet Analysis 

General . Total assets increased
 18.6 million, or 1.8 , to 1,043.4 million at December 31, 2015 from 1,024.8 million at December 31, 2014. Total loans, net,
increased 9.9 million, or 1.3 , to 783.9 million at December 31, 2015 from 744.0 million at December 31, 2014 as a result of
loan originations and other advances totaling 156.8 million offset by payoffs and payments received of 147.8 million. Investment
and mortgage-backed securities increased 1.7 million, or 1.5 , to 113.0 million at December 31, 2015 from 111.3 million at December
31, 2014. Cash and cash equivalents increased 7.4 million, or 9.2 , to 87.7 million at December 31, 2015 from 80.3 million
at December 31, 2014. The increase in investments and mortgage-backed securities resulted from purchases of investments offset
by normal repayments, calls and payoffs. Cash and cash equivalents increased as deposit growth exceeded increases in loans and
investments and payoffs in borrowings. 

Deposits increased 24.9 million, or 3.2 ,
to 812.0 million at December 31, 2015 from 787.1 million at December 31, 2014. The Company continued its focus on core deposits,
which increased 23.8 million, or 3.9 , to 632.1 million. Certificates of deposit increased 1.1 million, or 0.6 , to 179.9 million
at December 31, 2015 compared to December 31, 2014. Total borrowings decreased 12.2 million, or 10.4 , to 105.0 million at December
31, 2015 from 117.2 million at December 31, 2014. The decrease resulted from the redemption of trust preferred securities of 7.2
million and decreases in FHLB advances of 5.0 million to 105.0 million. 

Loans. Our primary lending
activity is the origination of loans secured by real estate. Total loans, net, represented 75.1 of total assets at December 31,
2015, compared to 75.5 of total assets at December 31, 2014. 

Loans receivable, net, increased 9.9 million,
or 1.3 , in 2015 to 783.9 million at December 31, 2015. One- to four-family residential loans increased 20.4 million, or 3.5 ,
to 607.8 million representing 77.6 of total loans. Commercial real estate mortgages decreased 5.7 million, or 6.4 , to
 84.1 million representing 10.7 of total loans. Construction loans decreased 1.6 million, or 8.0 , to 18.6 million representing
2.4 of total loans. Commercial loans decreased 894 thousand, or 4.0 , to 21.4 million representing 2.7 of total loans. Consumer
loans, almost all of which are home equity loans, decreased 3.2 million, or 5.9 , to 51.4 million representing 6.6 of total
loans. Loan originations in 2015 totaled 156.8 million, which was an increase of 2.2 million, or 1.5 , over 2014. Loan originations
resulted from originations from normal property purchase activity and refinance activity. The origination activity was offset by
payoffs and payments received of 144.4 million, which was an increase of 20.2 million over 2014. The increase in payoff and payment
activity in 2015 resulted from higher refinance activity due to lower interest rates on loans in 2015 compared to 2014. One- to
four-family residential loan originations accounted for 91.5 million, or 58.4 , of total loan originations. Commercial real estate
loan originations totaled 5.0 million, or 3.2 , of total loan originations. Construction loan originations totaled 26.4 million,
or 16.8 , of total loan originations. Commercial loan originations totaled 17.2 million, or 11.0 , of total originations. Consumer
loan originations totaled 16.6 million, or 10.6 , of total loan originations. 

30 

The following table sets forth the composition of our loan portfolio
by type of loan at the dates indicated: 

Table 1: Loan Portfolio Analysis 

At December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 2012 
 2011 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 

Real estate - mortgage: 

One- to four-family residential 
 607,807 
 77.6 
 587,399 
 75.9 
 545,812 
 73.2 
 522,206 
 74.1 
 547,906 
 75.2 
 
 Commercial and multi-family 
 84,075 
 10.7 
 89,778 
 11.5 
 90,855 
 12.2 
 80,013 
 11.3 
 77,073 
 10.6 
 
 Total real estate - mortgage loans 
 691,882 
 88.3 
 677,177 
 87.4 
 636,667 
 85.4 
 602,219 
 85.4 
 624,979 
 85.8 

Real estate - construction: 

Residential 
 14,960 
 1.9 
 16,030 
 2.1 
 25,113 
 3.4 
 12,709 
 1.8 
 8,057 
 1.1 
 
 Commercial 
 3,595 
 0.5 
 4,141 
 0.5 
 2,510 
 0.3 
 4,821 
 0.7 
 3,791 
 0.5 
 
 Total real estate - construction loans 
 18,555 
 2.4 
 20,171 
 2.6 
 27,623 
 3.7 
 17,530 
 2.5 
 11,848 
 1.6 

Commercial 
 21,383 
 2.7 
 22,277 
 2.9 
 23,445 
 3.1 
 22,932 
 3.3 
 23,937 
 3.3 
 
 Consumer: 

Home equity 
 51,001 
 6.5 
 54,279 
 7.0 
 57,367 
 7.7 
 61,328 
 8.7 
 66,788 
 9.2 
 
 Other 
 431 
 0.1 
 377 
 0.1 
 628 
 0.1 
 879 
 0.1 
 810 
 0.1 
 
 Total consumer loans 
 51,432 
 6.6 
 54,656 
 7.1 
 57,995 
 7.8 
 62,207 
 8.8 
 67,598 
 9.3 

Total loans 
 783,252 
 100.0 
 774,281 
 100.0 
 745,730 
 100.0 
 704,888 
 100.0 
 728,362 
 100.0 

Net deferred loan costs (fees) 
 3,886 
 
 3,496 
 
 3,271 
 
 3,007 
 
 3,026 

Allowance for loan losses 
 (3,190 
 
 (3,760 
 
 (4,199 
 
 (3,997 
 
 (3,762 

Loans, net 
 783,948 
 
 774,017 
 
 744,802 
 
 703,898 
 
 727,626 

31 

The following table sets forth certain information
at December 31, 2015 regarding the dollar amount of loan principal repayments coming due during the periods indicated. The
table does not include any estimate of prepayments, which significantly shorten the average life of all loans and may cause our
actual repayment experience to differ from that shown below. Demand loans having no stated schedule of repayments and no stated
maturity are reported as due in one year or less. 

Table 2: Contractual Maturities and Interest Rate Sensitivity 

(In thousands) 
 Real Estate- Mortgage Loans 
 Real Estate- Construction Loans 
 Commercial Loans 
 Consumer Loans 
 Total Loans 
 
 Amounts due in: 

One year or less 
 1,507 
 17,820 
 7,837 
 470 
 27,634 
 
 More than one to five years 
 10,088 
 735 
 6,879 
 4,172 
 21,874 
 
 More than five years 
 680,287 
 
 6,668 
 46,789 
 733,744 
 
 Total 
 691,882 
 18,555 
 21,384 
 51,431 
 783,252 
 
 Interest rate terms on amounts due after one year: 

Fixed-rate loans 
 535,663 
 14,496 
 8,771 
 20,797 
 579,727 
 
 Adjustable-rate loans 
 156,219 
 4,060 
 12,612 
 30,634 
 203,525 
 
 Total 
 691,882 
 18,555 
 21,383 
 51,431 
 783,252 

Table 3: Loan Origination, Purchase and Sale Activity 

(In thousands) 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 2012 
 2011 

Total loans, net, at beginning of period 
 774,017 
 744,802 
 703,898 
 727,626 
 660,340 
 
 Loans originated: 

Real estate-mortgage 
 96,535 
 90,656 
 116,947 
 117,816 
 88,369 
 
 Real estate-construction 
 26,411 
 32,530 
 35,604 
 21,737 
 17,873 
 
 Commercial 
 17,228 
 15,060 
 17,045 
 14,474 
 15,517 
 
 Consumer 
 16,599 
 16,285 
 17,150 
 14,911 
 12,847 
 
 Total loans originated 
 156,773 
 154,531 
 186,746 
 168,938 
 134,606 
 
 Loans purchased 

342 
 554 
 
 Loans acquired through acquisition of Select Bank 

81,608 
 
 Deduct: 

Real estate loan principal repayments 
 107,157 
 89,049 
 106,621 
 155,087 
 109,380 
 
 Loan sales 

Other repayments 
 37,263 
 35,145 
 37,637 
 36,351 
 39,593 
 
 Total loan repayments 
 144,420 
 124,194 
 144,258 
 191,438 
 148,973 
 
 Transfer to real estate owned 
 2,126 
 872 
 1,165 
 1,049 
 191 
 
 Loans charged -off 
 1,258 
 977 
 568 
 378 
 700 
 
 Increase (decrease) due to deferred loan fees and allowance for loan losses 
 962 
 727 
 149 
 (143 
 382 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in loan portfolio 
 9,931 
 29,215 
 40,904 
 (23,728 
 67,286 
 
 Total loans, net, at end of period 
 783,948 
 774,017 
 744,802 
 703,898 
 727,626 

32 

Securities. At December 31,
2015 our securities portfolio represented 10.8 of total assets, compared to 10.9 at December 31, 2014. Investment securities
increased 1.7 million to 113.0 million at December 31, 2015 from 111.3 million at December 31, 2014 primarily as the result
of increases of 12.5 million in GNMA and FNMA mortgage backed securities offset by decreases of 11.0 million in U.S. agency securities. 

The following table sets forth amortized
cost and fair value information relating to our investment and mortgage-backed securities portfolios at the dates indicated: 

Table 4: Investment Securities 

At December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Amortized Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Amortized Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Amortized Cost 
 Fair Value 

Securities available for sale: 

U.S. Government and agencies 
 10,033 
 10,040 
 21,223 
 20,991 
 35,035 
 32,903 
 
 Agency mortgage-backed 
 94,248 
 92,982 
 81,383 
 80,258 
 83,187 
 81,659 
 
 Corporate debt 
 9,660 
 8,844 
 9,596 
 8,839 
 11,551 
 10,797 
 
 Total debt securities 
 113,941 
 111,866 
 112,202 
 110,088 
 129,773 
 125,359 
 
 Equity securities 
 3 
 42 
 3 
 28 
 3 
 30 
 
 Total securities available for sale 
 113,944 
 111,908 
 112,205 
 110,116 
 129,776 
 125,389 

Securities held to maturity: 

Agency mortgage-backed 
 507 
 560 
 707 
 784 
 984 
 1,075 
 
 Municipal 
 577 
 577 
 494 
 494 
 2,328 
 2,328 
 
 Total securities held to maturity 
 1,084 
 1,137 
 1,201 
 1,278 
 3,312 
 3,403 
 
 Total 
 115,028 
 113,045 
 113,406 
 111,394 
 133,088 
 128,791 

At December 31, 2015, we had no investments
in a single company or entity (other than the U.S. Government or an agency of the U.S. Government) that had an aggregate book value
in excess of 10 of our equity. 

33 

The following table sets forth the stated
maturities and weighted average yields of debt securities at December 31, 2015. Certain mortgage-backed securities have adjustable
interest rates and will reprice annually within the various maturity ranges. These repricing schedules are not reflected in the
table below. At December 31, 2015, mortgage-backed securities with adjustable rates totaled 1.2 million. Weighted average yields
are on a tax-equivalent basis. 

Table 5: Investment Maturities Schedule 

One Year or Less 
 More than One Year to Five Years 
 More than Five Years to Ten Years 
 More than Ten Years 
 Total 
 
 At December 31, 2015 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Carrying Value 
 Weighted Average Yield 
 Carrying Value 
 Weighted Average Yield 
 Carrying Value 
 Weighted Average Yield 
 Carrying Value 
 Weighted Average Yield 
 Carrying Value 
 Weighted Average Yield 

Securities available for sale: 

U. S. Government and agency 

33 
 1.15 
 10,000 
 1.99 

10,033 
 1.99 
 
 Mortgage-backed 

14 
 6.10 
 6,455 
 1.28 
 87,779 
 1.71 
 94,248 
 1.68 
 
 Corporate debt 
 5,974 
 1.91 

3,686 
 2.65 
 9,660 
 2.21 
 
 Total securities available for sale 
 5,974 
 1.91 
 47 
 2.61 
 16,455 
 1.71 
 91,465 
 1.74 
 113,941 
 1.75 

Securities held to maturity: 

Mortgage-backed 

304 
 4.97 
 203 
 5.88 
 507 
 5.34 
 
 Municipal 
 577 
 0.96 

577 
 1.93 
 
 Total held to maturity debt securities 
 577 
 0.96 

304 
 4.97 
 203 
 5.88 
 1,084 
 3.52 
 
 Total 
 6,551 
 1.83 
 47 
 2.61 
 16,759 
 1.77 
 91,668 
 1.74 
 115,025 
 1.77 

34 

Deposits . Our primary source
of funds is retail deposit accounts held primarily by individuals and businesses within our market area. We also actively solicit
deposits from municipalities in our market area. Municipal deposit accounts differ from business accounts in that we pay interest
on those deposits and we pledge collateral (typically investment securities) with the New Jersey Department of Banking to secure
the portion of the deposits that are not covered by federal deposit insurance. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, there were approximately
 194.6 million and 181.0 million of such deposits, respectively. 

Our deposit base is comprised of demand
deposits, savings accounts and time deposits. Deposits increased 24.9 million, or 3.2 , to 812.0 million in 2015. The Company
continued its focus on core deposits, which increased 23.8 million, or 3.9 , to 632.1 million. The change in deposits
consisted of increases in demand deposits of 17.9 million, savings accounts of 6.0 million and in time deposits of 1.1 million.
A repricing of a segment of interest bearing demand deposits to non-interest bearing demand deposits led to the change of category
of those deposits. 

We aggressively market checking and savings
accounts, as these tend to provide longer-term customer relationships and a lower cost of funding compared to time deposits. Due
to our marketing and sales efforts, we have been able to attract core deposits of 77.8 of total deposits at December 31,
2015, compared to 77.3 in 2014. 

Table 6: Deposits 

At December 31, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 

Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 

Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 
 190,614 
 23.5 
 98,417 
 12.5 
 96,750 
 12.4 
 
 Interest-bearing demand deposits 
 266,874 
 32.9 
 341,206 
 43.4 
 322,857 
 41.3 
 
 Savings accounts 
 174,640 
 21.5 
 168,686 
 21.4 
 170,661 
 21.9 
 
 Time deposits 
 179,905 
 22.1 
 178,770 
 22.7 
 190,379 
 24.4 
 
 Total 
 812,033 
 100.0 
 787,079 
 100.0 
 780,647 
 100.0 

Table 7: Time Deposit Maturities of 100,000 or More 

Maturity Period 
 Certificates of Deposit 
 
 At December 31, 2015 (In thousands) 

Three months or less 
 10,232 
 
 Over three through six months 
 9,383 
 
 Over six through twelve months 
 26,787 
 
 Over twelve months 
 24,158 
 
 Total 
 70,560 

35 

Borrowings . We utilize borrowings
from a variety of sources to supplement our supply of funds for loans and investments and to meet deposit withdrawal requirements. 

Table 8: Borrowings 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 

Maximum amount outstanding at any month end during the period: 

FHLB advances 
 110,000 
 110,000 
 110,000 
 
 Subordinated debt 
 7,217 
 10,309 
 15,464 

Average amounts outstanding during the period: 

FHLB advances 
 109,849 
 110,000 
 110,000 
 
 Subordinated debt 
 4,686 
 9,309 
 13,713 

Weighted average interest rate during the period: 

FHLB advances 
 3.41 
 3.83 
 3.88 
 
 Subordinated debt 
 8.75 
 8.64 
 8.69 

Balance outstanding at end of period: 

FHLB advances 
 105,000 
 110,000 
 110,000 
 
 Subordinated debt 
 
 7,217 
 10,309 

Weighted average interest rate at end of period: 

FHLB advances 
 3.38 
 3.37 
 3.80 
 
 Subordinated debt 
 
 8.67 
 8.67 

At December 31, 2015, Federal Home Loan
Bank advances decreased 5.0 million, or 4.5 , to 105.0 million from 110 million at December 31, 2014. These advances
mature starting in 2016 through 2024. 

Subordinated debt reflects the junior subordinated
deferrable interest debentures issued by us in 1998 to a business trust formed by us that issued 15.0 million of preferred securities
in a private placement. On August 30, 2013, the Company redeemed 5.2 million of this issue resulting in a remaining outstanding
balance of 10.3 million. On September 5, 2014, the Company redeemed 3.1 million of this issue resulting in a remaining outstanding
balance of 7.2 million. On August 26, 2015, the Company redeemed the remaining 7.2 million of this issue. 

36 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31,
2015, 2014 and 2013 

Table 9: Overview of 2015, 2014 and 2013 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 Change 2015/2014 
 Change 2014/2013 

Net income 
 6,868 
 6,298 
 5,349 
 9.1 
 17.7 
 
 Return on average assets 
 0.65 
 0.61 
 0.51 
 6.6 
 19.6 
 
 Return on average equity 
 6.31 
 5.89 
 5.02 
 7.1 
 17.3 
 
 Average equity to average assets 
 10.34 
 10.32 
 10.16 
 0.2 
 1.6 

2015 vs. 2014. Net income increased
 570 thousand, or 9.1 , in 2015 to 6.9 million. The increase was due to an increase in net interest income of 653 thousand,
an increase in other income of 144 thousand and a decrease in taxes of 123 thousand offset by an increase in the provision for
loan losses of 227 thousand and an increase in other expenses of 123 thousand. 

2014 vs. 2013. Net income increased
 949 thousand, or 17.7 , in 2014 to 6.3 million. The increase was due to an increase in net interest income of 1.3 million,
a decrease in the provision for loan losses of 295 thousand and a decrease in other expenses of 207 thousand offset by a decrease
in other income of 217 thousand and an increase in taxes of 677 thousand. 

Net Interest Income. 

2015 vs. 2014 . Net interest income
increased 653 thousand, or 2.3 , to 28.5 million for 2015 from 27.8 million in 2014. Net interest margin increased four basis
points to 3.19 for 2015 from 3.15 in 2014. The increase in net interest income for 2015 resulted from an increase in average
interest-earning assets of 10.2 million, a decrease in average interest-bearing liabilities of 79.1 million and a decrease in
the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities of 2 basis points to 0.90 offset by a decrease of 7 basis points in the average
yield on interest-earning assets to 3.94 . Changes in average balances of earning assets and interest bearing liabilities and a
decrease in the average cost of interest bearing liabilities resulted from the Company s strategy to grow earning assets,
and decrease interest bearing liabilities. The declining yields on earning assets reflect the continued impact of repricing of
the earning assets in the low interest rate environment, such that maturing assets were replaced with lower yield investments. 

Total interest and dividend income decreased 
 217 thousand, or 0.6 , to 35.1 million for 2015, as an increase in the average balance of loans was partially offset by a
decrease in the average balance of investments. Interest income on loans decreased 69 thousand as an increase in the average balance
of the portfolio of 16.0 million, or 2.1 , was partially offset by the decrease in the average yield of nine basis points to 4.20 .
The decrease in the average yield was the primarily the result of lower rates on new loans originated and payoffs or refinances
of higher yielding loans. Decreased balances and a lower yield in the investment portfolio accounted for the 148
thousand decrease in interest income on investment securities in 2015. The average balance of the investment portfolio decreased 
 5.8 million, or 4.8 , in 2015, while the average yield decreased two basis points to 2.14 . 

Total interest expense decreased 870 thousand,
or 11.5 , to 6.7 million for 2015 as compared to 2014 as the result of decreases in the cost and balance of interest-bearing liabilities.
Interest paid on deposits decreased 9 thousand, or 0.3 , in 2015 as the average balance of interest-bearing deposits decreased
 74.4 million, or 10.6 , in 2015 due to decreases of 70.2 million in the average balances of interest-bearing checking and of
 4.9 million in the average balance of certificates of deposit offset by increases in the average balance of savings accounts of
 672 thousand and in the average interest rate paid on deposits of five basis points. The decrease in interest-bearing checking
deposits resulted from the Company s restructuring of checking products to non-interest bearing from interest-bearing. Interest
paid on borrowings decreased 861 thousand, or 17.1 , in 2015. The average rate paid on borrowings decreased 42 basis points
to 3.41 due to lower rates paid on refinanced borrowings. The average balance of subordinated debt decreased 4.6 million
due to a redemption of the remaining outstanding balance of subordinated debt. 

37 

2014 vs. 2013 . Net interest income
increased 1.3 million, or 5.1 , to 27.8 million for 2014 from 26.5 million in 2013. Net interest margin increased 3 basis points
to 3.15 for 2014 from 3.12 in 2013. The increase in net interest income for 2014 resulted from an increase in the average interest-earning
assets of 35.1 million, a decrease in average interest-bearing liabilities of 8.5 million and a decrease in the average cost
of interest-bearing liabilities of 11 basis points to 0.92 offset by a decrease of 11 basis points in the average yield on interest-earning
assets to 4.01 . The lower yield on interest-earning assets was primarily attributable to lower yields on new loans and investments
offset by an increase in the balance of interest-earning assets and decreases in the cost and balance of interest-bearing liabilities. 

Total interest and dividend income increased 
 395 thousand, or 1.1 , to 35.4 million for 2014, as an increase in the average balance of loans was partially offset by a
decrease in the average balance of investments. Interest income on loans increased 691 thousand as an increase in the average
balance of the portfolio of 44.7 million, or 6.2 was partially offset by the decrease in the average yield of 18 basis points
to 4.29 . The decrease in the average yield was the primarily the result of lower rates on new loans originated and payoffs or
refinances of higher yielding loans. Decreased balances and a lower yield in the investment portfolio accounted for
the 296 thousand decrease in interest income on investment securities in 2014. The average balance of the investment portfolio
decreased 9.6 million, or 7.4 , in 2014, while the average yield decreased 7 basis points to 2.16 . 

Total interest expense decreased 946 thousand,
or 11.1 , to 7.6 million for 2014 as compared to 2013 was the result of decreases in the cost and balance of interest-bearing
liabilities. Interest paid on deposits decreased 507 thousand, or 16.6 , in 2014. The average interest rate paid on deposits decreased
7 basis points to 0.36 as a result of the prevailing lower interest rate environment during 2014. The average balance of
interest-bearing deposits decreased 4.1 million, or 0.6 , in 2014 due to decreases of 19.2 million in the average balance of
certificates of deposit and savings accounts of 2.2 million offset by an increase in the average balances of interest-bearing
checking of 17.3 million, as customers shifted deposits from CD s and savings accounts to interest bearing checking.
Interest paid on borrowings decreased 439 thousand, or 8.0 , in 2014. The average rate paid on borrowings decreased 20
basis points to 4.21 . The average balance of subordinated debt decreased 4.4 million due to a reduction in the outstanding
balance of subordinated debt. 

Table 10: Net Interest Income Changes Due to Rate
and Volume 

2015 Compared to 2014 
 2014 Compared to 2013 

Increase (Decrease) Due to 
 
 Increase (Decrease) Due to 

(In thousands) 
 Volume 
 Rate 
 Net 
 Volume 
 Rate 
 Net 

Interest and dividend income: 

Loans receivable 
 652 
 (721 
 (69 
 1,959 
 (1,268 
 691 
 
 Investment securities 
 (123 
 (25 
 (148 
 (208 
 (88 
 (296 
 
 Total interest-earning assets 
 529 
 (746 
 (217 
 1,751 
 (1,356 
 395 

Interest expense: 

Deposits 
 29 
 (38 
 (9 
 (18 
 (489 
 (507 
 
 FHLB advances 
 (44 
 (423 
 (467 
 
 (51 
 (51 
 
 Subordinated debt 
 (394 
 
 (394 
 (388 
 
 (388 
 
 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 (409 
 (461 
 (870 
 (406 
 (540 
 (946 
 
 Net change in interest income 
 938 
 (285 
 653 
 2,157 
 (816 
 1,341 

Provision for Loan Losses. 

2015 vs. 2014. Provision for loan
losses increased 227 thousand to 689 thousand in 2015 as compared to 462 thousand in 2014. The increase resulted from higher
provision needed for loans moving to real estate owned offset by lower general reserves in 2015 compared to 2014 due to improved
portfolio performance and macroeconomic trends resulting in lower loss rates applied in calculation of general reserves on loans.
Loan loss provisions in 2015 were primarily to maintain a reserve level deemed appropriate by management in light of factors such
as the level of classified and non-performing loans, the level of charge-offs and the current economic conditions. 

2014 vs. 2013. Provision for loan
losses decreased 295 thousand to 462 thousand in 2014 as compared to 757 thousand in 2013. The decrease resulted from lower
general reserves in 2014 compared to 2013 due to improved portfolio performance and macroeconomic trends resulting in lower loss
rates applied in calculation of general reserves on loans. Loan loss provisions in 2014 were primarily to maintain a reserve level
deemed appropriate by management in light of factors such as the level of classified and non-performing loans, the level of charge-offs
and the current economic conditions. 

38 

Other Income. The following
table shows the components of other income and the percentage changes from year to year. 

Table 11: Other Income Summary 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 Change 2015/2014 
 Change 2014/2013 
 
 Service charges 
 1,986 
 1,753 
 2,098 
 13.3 
 (16.4 
 
 Cash surrender value of life insurance 
 629 
 633 
 665 
 (0.6 
 (4.8 
 
 Gain (loss) on sale of AFS securities 
 3 
 95 
 3 
 (96.8 
 3066.7 
 
 Other 
 1,772 
 1,765 
 1,697 
 0.4 
 4.0 
 
 Total 
 4,390 
 4,246 
 4,463 
 3.4 
 (4.9 

2015 vs. 2014. Total other income
increased 144 thousand, or 3.4 , to 4.4 million in 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 due primarily to increases of 233
thousand in fees collected on deposit and loan accounts and of 7 thousand in Visa debit card commissions offset by decreases of
 4 thousand in cash surrender value of life insurance increases and of 92 thousand on gains on sale or calls of AFS securities. 

2014 vs. 2013. Total other income
decreased 217 thousand, or 4.9 , to 4.2 million in 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 due primarily to decreases of 345
thousand in fees collected on deposit and loan accounts, 32 thousand in cash surrender value of life insurance offset by
increases of 68 thousand in Visa debit card commissions and other income and of 92 thousand on gains on sale or calls of AFS
securities. 

Other Expense. The following
table shows the components of other expense and the percentage changes from year to year. 

Table 12: Other Expense Summary 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 Change 2015/2014 
 Change 2014/2013 

Salaries and employee benefits 
 12,864 
 12,684 
 12,436 
 1.4 
 2.0 
 
 Occupancy and equipment 
 5,001 
 5,095 
 5,100 
 (1.8 
 (0.1 
 
 FDIC deposit insurance 
 551 
 535 
 541 
 3.0 
 (1.1 
 
 Advertising 
 419 
 429 
 412 
 (2.3 
 4.1 
 
 Professional services 
 1,054 
 1,035 
 1,318 
 1.8 
 (21.5 
 
 Supplies 
 216 
 229 
 267 
 (5.7 
 (14.2 
 
 Telephone 
 119 
 125 
 130 
 (4.8 
 (3.8 
 
 Postage 
 163 
 191 
 183 
 (14.7 
 4.4 
 
 Charitable contributions 
 178 
 141 
 147 
 26.2 
 (4.1 
 
 Insurance 
 208 
 199 
 184 
 4.5 
 8.2 
 
 Real estate owned expenses 
 144 
 61 
 270 
 136.1 
 (77.4 
 
 All other 
 971 
 1,041 
 984 
 (6.7 
 5.8 
 
 Total 
 21,888 
 21,765 
 21,972 
 0.6 
 (0.9 

2015 vs. 2014. Total other expenses
increased 123 thousand, or 0.6 , to 21.9 million for 2015 compared to 21.8 million for 2014. The increase in other expenses
for 2015 resulted from increases in salary and benefits of 180 thousand, REO expenses of 83 thousand, FDIC insurance of 16 thousand,
professional services of 19 thousand, insurance of 9 thousand and charitable contributions of 37 thousand offset by decreases
in occupancy and equipment of 94 thousand, advertising expenses of 10 thousand, supplies of 13 thousand, telephone of 6 thousand,
postage of 28 thousand and all other expenses of 70 thousand. The increase in REO expenses resulted from properties sold or reevaluated
at lower prices than the original recorded investment and the costs associated with maintaining the properties. The increase in
salaries and employee benefits resulted from normal increases in 2015 over 2014 costs. The remaining expense changes were the result
of normal increases and decreases in year over year operations. 

39 

2014 vs. 2013. Total other expenses
decreased 207 thousand, or 0.9 , to 21.8 million for 2014 compared to 22.0 million for 2013. The decrease in other expenses
for 2014 resulted from decreases in REO expenses of 209 thousand, occupancy and equipment of 5 thousand, FDIC insurance of 6
thousand, professional services of 283 thousand, supplies of 38 thousand, telephone of 5 thousand and charitable contributions
of 6 thousand offset by increases in salary and benefits of 248 thousand, advertising expenses of 17 thousand, postage of 8
thousand, insurance of 15 thousand, and all other expenses of 57 thousand. The higher than normal decrease in REO expenses
resulted from 2013 properties sold or reevaluated at lower prices than the original recorded investment and the costs associated
with maintaining the properties not incurred in 2014. The decrease in professional services resulted from 2013 costs not in 2014
to start up a subsidiary. The remaining expense changes including an increase in salaries and employee benefits were the result
of normal increases and decreases in year over year operations. 

Income Taxes. 

2015 vs. 2014. Income tax expense
decreased 123 thousand, or 3.5 , to 3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to 3.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 2014. The effective tax rate decreased to 33.1 from 35.9 in 2015 compared to 2014. The decrease in the effective
rate was primarily based upon a change in the mix of assets with a tax preference offset by taxes
paid on higher taxable income. 

2014 vs. 2013. Income tax expense
increased 677 thousand, or 23.8 , to 3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to 2.8 million for the year
ended December 31, 2013. The effective tax rate increased to 35.9 from 34.7 in 2014 compared to 2013. The increase in the effective
rate was primarily based upon higher taxes on higher taxable income and a change in the mix of assets
with a tax preference. 

Average Balances and Yields . The
following table presents information regarding average balances of assets and liabilities, the total dollar amounts of interest
income and dividends from average interest-earning assets, the total dollar amounts of interest expense on average interest-bearing
liabilities, and the resulting average yields and costs. The yields and costs for the periods indicated are derived by dividing
income or expense by the average balances of assets or liabilities, respectively, for the periods presented. For purposes of this
table, average balances have been calculated using the average daily balances and nonaccrual loans are included in average balances
only. Loan fees are included in interest income on loans and are insignificant. Interest income on loans and investment securities
has not been calculated on a tax equivalent basis because the impact would be insignificant. 

40 

Table 13: Average Balance Tables 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 Average
 Balance 
 Interest and Dividends 
 Yield/ Cost 
 Average Balance 
 Interest and Dividends 
 Yield/ Cost 
 Average Balance 
 Interest and Dividends 
 Yield/ Cost 
 
 Assets: 

Interest-earning assets: 

Loans 
 779,368 
 32,716 
 4.20 
 763,374 
 32,785 
 4.29 
 718,669 
 32,094 
 4.47 
 
 Investment securities 
 113,817 
 2,434 
 2.14 
 119,575 
 2,582 
 2.16 
 129,174 
 2,878 
 2.23 
 
 Total
 interest-earning assets 
 893,185 
 35,150 
 3.94 
 882,949 
 35,367 
 4.01 
 847,843 
 34,972 
 4.12 
 
 Noninterest-earning assets 
 159,007 

153,941 

201,938 

Total assets 
 1,052,192 

1,036,890 

1,049,781 

Liabilities and equity: 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Interest-bearing demand
 deposits 
 276,149 
 482 
 0.17 
 346,314 
 537 
 0.16 
 328,973 
 513 
 0.16 
 
 Savings accounts 
 170,547 
 343 
 0.20 
 169,875 
 341 
 0.20 
 172,112 
 344 
 0.20 
 
 Certificates of deposit 
 178,957 
 1,712 
 0.96 
 183,838 
 1,668 
 0.91 
 203,055 
 2,196 
 1.08 
 
 Total interest-bearing
 deposits 
 625,653 
 2,537 
 0.41 
 700,027 
 2,546 
 0.36 
 704,140 
 3,053 
 0.43 

FHLB advances 
 109,849 
 3,749 
 3.41 
 110,000 
 4,216 
 3.83 
 110,000 
 4,267 
 3.88 
 
 Subordinated debt 
 4,686 
 410 
 8.75 
 9,309 
 804 
 8.64 
 13,713 
 1,192 
 8.69 
 
 Total borrowings 
 114,535 
 4,159 
 3.63 
 119,309 
 5,020 
 4.21 
 123,713 
 5,459 
 4.41 
 
 Total
 interest-bearing liabilities 
 740,188 
 6,696 
 0.90 
 819,336 
 7,566 
 0.92 
 827,853 
 8,512 
 1.03 
 
 Noninterest-bearing
 demand accounts 
 190,442 

98,985 

103,442 

Other 
 12,748 

11,585 

11,837 

Total liabilities 
 943,378 

929,906 

943,132 

Retained earnings 
 108,814 

106,984 

106,649 

Total
 liabilities and retained earnings 
 1,052,192 

1,036,890 

1,049,781 

Net interest income 
 
 28,454 

27,801 

26,460 

Interest rate spread 

3.04 

3.08 

3.10 
 
 Net interest margin 

3.19 

3.15 

3.12 
 
 Average interest-earning
 assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 

107.76 

102.41 

41 

Risk Management 

Overview . Managing risk is
an essential part of successfully managing a financial institution. Our most prominent risk exposures are credit risk, interest
rate risk and market risk. Credit risk is the risk of not collecting the interest and/or the principal balance of a loan or investment
when it is due. Interest rate risk is the potential reduction of interest income as a result of changes in interest rates. Market
risk arises from fluctuations in interest rates that may result in changes in the values of financial instruments, such as available-for-sale
securities that are accounted for on a mark-to-market basis. Other risks that we face are operational risks, liquidity risks and
reputation risk. Operational risks include risks related to fraud, regulatory compliance, processing errors, technology and disaster
recovery. Liquidity risk is the possible inability to fund obligations to depositors, lenders or borrowers. Reputation risk is
the risk that negative publicity or press, whether true or not, could cause a decline in our customer base or revenue. 

Credit Risk Management . Our
strategy for credit risk management focuses on having well-defined credit policies and uniform underwriting criteria and providing
prompt attention to potential problem loans. Our strategy also emphasizes the origination of one- to four-family mortgage loans,
which typically have lower default rates than other types of loans and are secured by collateral that generally holds its value
better than other types of collateral. 

When a borrower fails to make a required
loan payment, we take a number of steps to have the borrower cure the delinquency and restore the loan to current status. We make
initial contact with the borrower when the loan becomes 15 days past due. If payment is not then received by the 30th day of delinquency,
additional letters and phone calls generally are made. Generally, when the loan becomes 60 days past due, we send a letter notifying
the borrower that we will commence foreclosure proceedings if the loan is not brought current within 30 days. Generally, when the
loan becomes 90 days past due, we commence foreclosure proceedings against any real property that secures the loan or attempt to
repossess any personal property that secures a consumer loan. If a foreclosure action is instituted and the loan is not brought
current, paid in full, or refinanced before the foreclosure sale, the real property securing the loan generally is sold at foreclosure.
We may consider loan workout arrangements with certain borrowers under certain circumstances. 

Management informs the board of directors
monthly of the amount of loans delinquent more than 30 days, all loans in foreclosure and all foreclosed and repossessed property
that we own. 

Analysis of Nonperforming and Classified
Assets . We consider repossessed assets and loans that are 90 days or more past due to be nonperforming assets. When a loan
becomes 90 days delinquent, the loan is placed on nonaccrual status at which time the accrual of interest ceases and the allowance
for any uncollectible accrued interest is established and charged against operations. Typically, payments received on a nonaccrual
loan are applied to the outstanding principal and interest as determined at the time of collection of the loan. 

Real estate that we acquire as a result
of foreclosure or by deed-in-lieu of foreclosure is classified as real estate owned until it is sold. When property is acquired
it is recorded at the lower of its cost, which is the unpaid balance of the loan, plus foreclosure costs, or fair market value
at the date of foreclosure. Holding costs and declines in fair value after acquisition of the property result in charges against
income. 

Non-performing assets totaled 7.5 million,
or 0.72 of total assets, at December 31, 2015, compared to 6.9 million, or 0.68 of total assets, at December 31, 2014. Non-performing
assets consisted of seventeen residential mortgages totaling 2.6 million, five commercial mortgages totaling 1.6 million, one
construction mortgage totaling 143 thousand, one commercial loan totaling 41 thousand, eight consumer equity loans totaling 601
thousand, five TDR non-accrual loans totaling 708 thousand and six real estate owned properties totaling 1.8 million. Specific
reserves recorded for these loans at December 31, 2015 were 804 thousand. 

42 

Table 14: Nonperforming Assets 

At December 31, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 2012 
 2011 
 
 Nonaccrual loans: 

Real estate-mortgage loans 
 2,597 
 3,626 
 3,618 
 3,850 
 4,768 
 
 Real estate-commercial and multifamily 
 1,580 
 803 
 463 
 1,275 
 392 
 
 Real estate-construction 
 143 
 143 
 
 84 

Commercial 
 41 
 501 
 
 200 
 318 
 
 Consumer 
 601 
 502 
 674 
 342 
 198 
 
 Total 
 4,962 
 5,575 
 4,755 
 5,751 
 5,676 
 
 Troubled debt restructurings nonaccrual 
 708 
 694 
 316 
 
 805 
 
 Total nonaccrual loans 
 5,670 
 6,269 
 5,071 
 5,751 
 6,481 
 
 Real estate owned 
 1,814 
 650 
 498 
 906 
 98 
 
 Total nonperforming assets 
 7,484 
 6,919 
 5,569 
 6,657 
 6,579 
 
 Total nonperforming loans to total loans 
 0.72 
 0.81 
 0.68 
 0.82 
 0.89 
 
 Total nonperforming loans to total assets 
 0.54 
 0.61 
 0.50 
 0.55 
 0.65 
 
 Total nonperforming assets to total assets 
 0.72 
 0.68 
 0.55 
 0.64 
 0.66 

Interest income that would have been recorded
for the year ended December 31, 2015 had nonaccruing loans been current according to their original terms amounted to 268
thousand. 

Federal regulations require us to review
and classify our assets on a regular basis. In addition, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency has the authority to identify
problem assets and, if appropriate, require them to be classified. There are three classifications for problem assets: substandard,
doubtful and loss. Substandard assets must have one or more defined weaknesses and are characterized by the distinct
possibility that we will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Doubtful assets have the weaknesses
of substandard assets with the additional characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full on the basis
of currently existing facts, conditions and values questionable, and there is a high possibility of loss. An asset classified as
 loss is considered uncollectible and of such little value that continuance as an asset of the institution is not
warranted. The regulations also provide for a special mention category, described as assets which do not currently
expose us to a sufficient degree of risk to warrant classification but do possess credit deficiencies or potential weaknesses deserving
our close attention. When we classify an asset as substandard or doubtful we establish a specific allowance for loan losses. If
we classify an asset as loss, we charge off an amount equal to 100 of the portion of the asset classified loss. 

Classified assets decreased 3.1 million
to 18.2 million at December 31, 2015 from 21.3 million at December 31, 2014. The decrease in classified assets
reflects a decrease in classified residential mortgage loans of 2.2 million, 39 thousand in consumer loans, 272 thousand in
commercial mortgage loans and 546 thousand in commercial loans. 

Table 15: Classified Assets 

At December 31, 
 
 (In thousands) 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 

Special mention assets 
 4,310 
 5,879 
 5,451 
 
 Substandard assets 
 13,877 
 15,371 
 12,822 
 
 Doubtful and loss assets 
 
 14 

Total classified assets 
 18,187 
 21,264 
 18,273 

43 

Table 16: Loan Delinquencies (1) 

At December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 
 (In thousands) 
 30-59 Days Past Due 
 60-89 Days Past Due 
 30-59 Days Past Due 
 60-89 Days Past Due 
 30-59 Days Past Due 
 60-89 Days Past Due 
 
 Real estate-mortgage loans 
 1,483 
 
 3,154 
 
 1,271 

Commercial loans 

Consumer loans 
 93 
 21 
 485 
 5 
 266 
 50 
 
 Total 
 1,576 
 21 
 3,639 
 5 
 1,537 
 50 

(1) Excludes loans that are on nonaccrual status. 

At each of the dates in the above table,
delinquent mortgage loans consisted primarily of loans secured by residential real estate. 

Analysis and Determination of the
Allowance for Loan Losses . The allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance for probable losses inherent in the loan
portfolio as of the balance sheet date. We evaluate the need to establish allowances against losses on loans on a monthly basis.
When additional allowances are necessary, a provision for loan losses is charged to earnings. 

Our methodology for assessing the appropriateness
of the allowance for loan losses consists of two key elements: (1) specific allowances for impaired or collateral-dependent loans;
and (2) a general valuation allowance on the remainder of the loan portfolio. Although we determine the amount of each element
of the allowance separately, the entire allowance for loan losses is available for the entire portfolio. See Critical
Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates and note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional
information on the determination of the allowance for loan losses. 

At December 31, 2015, our allowance for
loan losses represented 0.41 of total net loans. The allowance for loan losses decreased to 3.2 million at December 31, 2015
from 3.8 million at December 31, 2014 due to provisions for loan losses of 689 thousand offset by net charge-offs of 1.3 million.
The decrease in the provision for loan losses for 2015 was primarily to maintain a reserve level deemed appropriate by management
in light of factors such as the increase of loans in the portfolio, level of classified loans, non-performing loans, the level
of charge-offs and the current economic conditions. At December 31, 2015, the specific allowance on impaired or collateral-dependent
loans was 804 thousand and the general valuation allowance on the remainder of the loan portfolio was 2.4 million. 

At December 31, 2014, our allowance for
loan losses represented 0.49 of total net loans. The allowance for loan losses decreased to 3.8 million at December 31, 2014
from 4.2 million at December 31, 2013 due to provisions for loan losses of 462 thousand offset by net charge-offs of 901 thousand.
The decrease in the provision for loan losses for 2014 was primarily to maintain a reserve level deemed appropriate by management
in light of factors such as the increase of loans in the portfolio, level of classified loans, non-performing loans, the level
of charge-offs and the current economic conditions. At December 31, 2014, the specific allowance on impaired or collateral-dependent
loans was 1.0 million and the general valuation allowance on the remainder of the loan portfolio was 2.8 million. 

44 

Table 17: Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses 

At
 December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Amount 
 
 of Allowance to
 Total Allowance 
 
 of Loans
 in Category to
 Total Loans 
 Amount 
 
 of Allowance to
 Total Allowance 
 
 of Loans
 in Category to
 Total Loans 
 Amount 
 
 of Allowance to
 Total Allowance 
 
 of Loans
 in Category to
 Total Loans 

Real estate-mortgage loans 
 2,291 
 71.8 
 87.8 
 2,943 
 78.3 
 87.4 
 3,532 
 84.1 
 85.2 
 
 Real estate-construction
 loans 
 25 
 0.8 
 3.0 
 33 
 0.9 
 2.6 
 85 
 2.0 
 1.6 
 
 Commercial 
 236 
 7.4 
 2.6 
 380 
 10.1 
 2.9 
 230 
 5.5 
 3.8 
 
 Consumer 
 638 
 20.0 
 6.6 
 404 
 10.7 
 7.1 
 352 
 8.4 
 9.4 
 
 Total
 allowance for loan losses 
 3,190 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 3,760 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 4,199 
 100.0 
 100.0 

At December 31, 

2012 
 2011 
 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 Amount 
 of Allowance to Total Allowance 
 of Loans in Category to Total Loans 
 Amount 
 of Allowance to Total Allowance 
 of Loans in Category to Total Loans 

Real estate-mortgage loans 
 3,094 
 77.4 
 85.4 
 2,973 
 79.0 
 85.8 
 
 Real estate-construction loans 
 187 
 4.7 
 2.5 
 98 
 2.6 
 1.6 
 
 Commercial 
 286 
 7.2 
 3.3 
 229 
 6.1 
 3.3 
 
 Consumer 
 430 
 10.7 
 8.8 
 462 
 12.3 
 9.3 
 
 Total allowance for loan losses 
 3,997 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 3,762 
 100.0 
 100.0 

Although we believe that we use the best
information available to establish the allowance for loan losses, future adjustments to the allowance for loan losses may be necessary
and our results of operations could be adversely affected if circumstances differ substantially from the assumptions used in making
the determinations. Furthermore, while we believe we have established our allowance for loan losses in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles, there can be no assurance that regulators, in reviewing our loan portfolio, will not request us
to increase our allowance for loan losses. In addition, because future events affecting borrowers and collateral cannot be predicted
with certainty, there can be no assurance that the existing allowance for loan losses is adequate or that increases will not be
necessary should the quality of any loans deteriorate as a result of the factors discussed above. Any material increase in the
allowance for loan losses may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

45 

Table 18: Analysis of Loan Loss Experience 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 2012 
 2011 
 
 Allowance at beginning of period 
 3,760 
 4,199 
 3,997 
 3,762 
 3,988 
 
 Provision for loan losses 
 689 
 462 
 757 
 893 
 473 
 
 Charge-offs: 

Real estate-mortgage loans 
 684 
 538 
 393 
 557 
 559 
 
 Real estate-construction loans 

Commercial loans 
 331 
 
 154 
 29 
 90 
 
 Consumer loans 
 244 
 439 
 21 
 105 
 51 
 
 Total charge-offs 
 1,259 
 977 
 568 
 691 
 700 
 
 Recoveries: 

Real estate-mortgage loans 
 
 1 
 
 13 

Real estate-construction loans 

Commercial loans 
 
 75 
 
 20 

Consumer loans 

13 
 
 1 
 
 Total recoveries 
 
 76 
 13 
 33 
 1 
 
 Net charge-offs (recoveries) 
 1,259 
 901 
 555 
 658 
 699 
 
 Allowance at end of period 
 3,190 
 3,760 
 4,199 
 3,997 
 3,762 
 
 Allowance to nonperforming loans 
 56.3 
 60.0 
 82.8 
 69.5 
 58.0 
 
 Allowance to total loans outstanding at the end of the period 
 0.41 
 0.49 
 0.56 
 0.57 
 0.52 
 
 Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding during the period 
 0.16 
 0.12 
 0.08 
 0.09 
 0.10 

N/M not measurable as nonperforming
loans and charge-offs are not material enough to allow for meaningful calculations . 

In 2015, we experienced charge-offs of 1.3
million on 20 loans based on current appraisals of properties securing non-performing loans. 

Interest Rate Risk Management. We
manage the interest rate sensitivity of our interest-bearing liabilities and interest-earning assets in an effort to minimize the
adverse effects of changes in the interest rate environment. Deposit accounts typically react more quickly to changes in market
interest rates than mortgage loans because of the shorter maturities of deposits. To reduce the potential volatility of our earnings,
we have sought to improve the match between asset and liability maturities and rates, while maintaining an acceptable interest
rate spread. We have adopted an interest rate risk action plan pursuant to which we manage our interest rate risk. Under this plan,
we have: periodically sold fixed-rate mortgage loans; extended the maturities of our borrowings; increased commercial lending,
which emphasizes the origination of shorter term, prime-based loans; emphasized the generation of core deposits, which provides
a more stable, lower cost funding source; and structured our investment portfolio to include more liquid securities. We currently
do not participate in hedging programs, interest rate swaps or other activities involving the use of derivative financial instruments. 

We have an Asset/Liability Committee, which
includes members of both the board of directors and management, to communicate, coordinate and control all aspects involving asset/liability
management. The committee establishes and monitors the volume, maturities, pricing and mix of assets and funding sources with the
objective of managing assets and funding sources to provide results that are consistent with liquidity, growth, risk limits and
profitability goals. 

Net Interest Income Simulation Analysis.
 We analyze our interest rate sensitivity position to manage the risk associated with interest rate movements through the
use of interest income simulation. The matching of assets and liabilities may be analyzed by examining the extent to which such
assets and liabilities are interest sensitive. An asset or liability is said to be interest rate sensitive within
a specific time period if it will mature or reprice within that time period. 

46 

Our goal is to manage asset and liability
positions to moderate the effects of interest rate fluctuations on net interest income. Interest income simulations are completed
quarterly and presented to the Asset/Liability Committee. The simulations provide an estimate of the impact of changes in interest
rates on net interest income under a range of assumptions. The numerous assumptions used in the simulation process are reviewed
by the Asset/Liability Committee on a quarterly basis. Changes to these assumptions can significantly affect the results of the
simulation. The simulation incorporates assumptions regarding the potential timing in the repricing of certain assets and liabilities
when market rates change and the changes in spreads between different market rates. The simulation analysis incorporates management s
current assessment of the risk that pricing margins will change adversely over time due to competition or other factors. 

Simulation analysis is only an estimate
of our interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time. We continually review the potential effect changes in interest
rates could have on the repayment of rate sensitive assets and funding requirements of rate sensitive liabilities. 

The table below sets forth an approximation
of our exposure as a percentage of estimated net interest income for the next 12- and 24-month periods using interest income simulation.
The simulation uses projected repricing of assets and liabilities at December 31, 2015 on the basis of contractual maturities,
anticipated repayments and scheduled rate adjustments. Prepayment rates can have a significant impact on interest income simulation.
Because of the large percentage of loans and mortgage-backed securities we hold, rising or falling interest rates have a significant
impact on the prepayment speeds of our earning assets that in turn affect the rate sensitivity position. When interest rates rise,
prepayments tend to slow. When interest rates fall, prepayments tend to rise. Our asset sensitivity would be reduced if prepayments
slow and vice versa. While we believe such assumptions to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that assumed prepayment rates
will approximate actual future mortgage-backed security and loan repayment activity. 

Table 19: Net Interest Income Simulation 

At December 31, 2015 Percentage Change in 
 Estimated Net Interest Income Over 

12 Months 
 24 Months 
 
 200 basis point increase in rates 
 2,586 
 7,713 
 
 100 basis point decrease in rates 
 (571 
 (2,717 

Management believes that under the current
rate environment, a change of interest rates downward of 200 basis points is not possible as the treasury yield curve is below
200 basis points for maturities of 2 years or less. Therefore, management has deemed a change in interest rates downward of 200
basis points not measurable. This limit will be re-evaluated periodically and may be modified as appropriate. 

The 200 and 100 basis point changes in rates
in the above table is assumed to occur evenly over the following 12- and 24- months. Based on the scenario above, net interest
income would be positively affected (within our internal guidelines) in the 12- and 24-month periods if rates rose by 200 basis
points. Additionally, if rates declined by 100 basis points net interest income would be negatively affected (within our internal
guidelines) in the 12- and 24-month periods. 

Economic Value of Equity Analysis.
 In addition to a net interest income simulation analysis, we use an interest rate sensitivity analysis prepared by the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency to review our level of interest rate risk. This analysis measures interest rate risk
by computing changes in economic value of equity of our cash flows from assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items in the
event of a range of assumed changes in market interest rates. Economic value of equity represents the market value of portfolio
equity and is equal to the market value of assets minus the market value of liabilities, with adjustments made for off-balance
sheet items. This analysis assesses the risk of loss in market risk sensitive instruments in the event of a sudden and sustained
50 to 300 basis point increase or 50 to 100 basis point decrease in market interest rates with no effect given to any steps
that we might take to counter the effect of that interest rate movement. We measure interest rate risk by modeling the changes
in net portfolio value over a variety of interest rate scenarios. The following table, which is based on information that we provide
to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, presents the change in our net portfolio value at December 31, 2015 that
would occur in the event of an immediate change in interest rates based on Office of the Comptroller of the Currency assumptions,
with no effect given to any steps that we might take to counteract that change. 

47 

Table 20: EVE Analysis 

Basis Point bp 
 Economic
 Value of Equity (Dollars
 in Thousands) 
 Economic
 Value of Equity as
 of Portfolio
 Value of Assets 
 
 Change
 in Rates 
 
 Amount 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 EVE
 Ratio 
 Change 
 
 300
 bp 
 106,153 
 (32,186 
 (23.27 
 10.92 
 (214) bp 
 
 200 
 119,229 
 (19,110 
 (13.81 
 11.89 
 (117 
 
 100 
 130,649 
 (7,690 
 (5.56 
 12.66 
 (40 
 
 50 
 135,038 
 (3,301 
 (2.39 
 12.91 
 (15 
 
 0 
 138,339 

13.06 

(50) 
 139,978 
 1,638 
 1.18 
 13.07 
 1 
 
 (100) 
 139,371 
 1,031 
 0.75 
 12.90 
 (16 

The Company uses certain assumptions in
assessing its interest rate risk. These assumptions relate to interest rates, loan prepayment rates, deposit decay rates, and the
market values of certain assets under differing interest rate scenarios, among others. As with any method of measuring interest
rate risk, certain shortcomings are inherent in the method of analysis presented in the foregoing table. For example, although
certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods to repricing, they may react in different degrees to changes
in market interest rates. Also, the interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes
in market interest rates, while interest rates on other types may lag behind changes in market rates. Additionally, certain assets,
such as adjustable-rate mortgage loans, have features that restrict changes in interest rates on a short-term basis and over the
life of the asset. Further, in the event of a change in interest rates, expected rates of prepayments on loans and early withdrawals
from certificates could deviate significantly from those assumed in calculating the table. 

Liquidity Management . The
term liquidity refers to our ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to fund loan originations, the purchase
of investment securities, deposit withdrawals, repayment of borrowings and operating expenses. Our ability to meet our current
financial obligations is a function of balance sheet structure, the ability to liquidate assets and the availability of alternative
sources of funds. To meet the needs of clients and manage risk, we engage in liquidity planning and management. 

Our primary sources of funds consist of
deposit inflows, loan repayments, maturities and sales of investment securities and borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank
of New York. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows,
calls of investment securities and borrowed funds, and prepayments on loans and mortgage-backed securities are greatly influenced
by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. 

We regularly adjust our investments in liquid
assets based upon our assessment of (1) expected loan demand, (2) expected deposit flows, (3) yields available on interest-earning
deposits and securities, and (4) the objectives of our asset/liability management policy. 

Our most liquid assets are cash and cash
equivalents and interest-bearing deposits. The levels of these assets depend on our operating, financing, lending and investing
activities during any given period. At December 31, 2015, cash and cash equivalents totaled 87.7 million. Securities classified
as available-for-sale whose market value exceeds our cost, which provide additional sources of liquidity, totaled 36.5 million
at December 31, 2015. In addition, at December 31, 2015, we had the ability to borrow an additional 271.8 million from
the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, which included available overnight lines of credit of 271.8 million. On that date, we
had no overnight advances outstanding. 

48 

At December 31, 2015, we had 78.0
million in commitments outstanding, which included 19.2 million in residential loans, 2.5 million in commercial loans, 10.8
million in undisbursed construction loans, 28.2 million in unused home equity lines of credit and 17.2 million in commercial
lines and letters of credit. Certificates of deposit due within one year of December 31, 2015 totaled 123.4 million, or 68.6 
of certificates of deposit. The large percentage of certificates of deposit that mature within one year reflects customers 
hesitancy to invest their funds for long periods in the current low interest rate environment. If these maturing deposits do not
remain with us, we will be required to seek other sources of funds, including other certificates of deposit and lines of credit.
Depending on market conditions, we may be required to pay higher rates on such deposits or other borrowings than we currently pay
on the certificates of deposit due on or before December 31, 2016. We believe, however, based on past experience that a significant
portion of our certificates of deposit will remain with us. We have the ability to attract and retain deposits by adjusting the
interest rates offered. 

Table 21: Outstanding Loan Commitments 

Amount of Commitment Expiration - Per Period 
 
 At December 31, 2015 (In thousands) 
 Total 
 Less than One Year 
 One to Three Years 
 Three to Five Years 
 More Than 5 Years 

Commitments to originate loans 
 21,745 

21,745 
 
 Unused portion of unsecured consumer lines of credit 
 8 

8 
 
 Unused portion of home equity lines of credit 
 28,244 
 576 
 1,614 
 658 
 25,396 
 
 Unused portion of commercial lines of credit 
 15,140 
 13,843 
 1,297 

Unused portion of commercial letters of credit 
 2,063 
 1,862 
 101 
 
 100 
 
 Undisbursed portion of construction loans in process 
 10,781 
 9,953 
 828 

Total 
 77,981 
 26,234 
 3,840 
 658 
 47,249 

Table 22: Contractual Obligations 

Payments due by period 
 
 At December 31, 2015 (In thousands) 
 Total 
 Less than One Year 
 One to Three Years 
 Three to Five Years 
 More Than 5 Years 

Short-term debt obligations 
 25,301 
 25,301 

Long-term debt obligations 
 96,031 
 2,953 
 25,005 
 4,324 
 63,749 
 
 Time deposits 
 179,904 
 123,394 
 45,397 
 8,971 
 2,142 
 
 Operating lease obligations (1) 
 1,135 
 160 
 338 
 363 
 274 
 
 Total 
 302,371 
 151,808 
 70,740 
 13,658 
 66,165 

(1) Payments are for lease of real property. 

Our primary investing activities are the
origination of loans and the purchase of securities. Our primary financing activities consist of activity in deposit accounts,
Federal Home Loan Bank advances and reverse repurchase agreements. Deposit flows are affected by the overall level of interest
rates, the interest rates and products offered by us and our local competitors and other factors. We generally manage the pricing
of our deposits to be competitive and to increase core deposit and commercial banking relationships. Occasionally, we offer promotional
rates on certain deposit products to attract deposits. 

49 

Table 23: Summary of Investing and Financing Activities 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 (In thousands) 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 
 Investing activities: 

Loan originations, net of repayments 
 12,471 
 30,527 
 42,800 
 
 Securities purchased 
 25,754 
 32,652 
 52,849 
 
 Loans purchased 

Financing activities: 

Increase (decrease) in deposits 
 24,955 
 6,398 
 (21,112 
 
 Increase (decrease) in FHLB advances 
 (5,000 

Increase (decrease) in subordinated debt 
 (7,311 
 (3,146 
 (5,263 

The Company is a separate legal entity from
Ocean City Home Bank and must provide for its own liquidity. In addition to its operating expenses, the Company is responsible
for paying any dividends declared to its shareholders, and interest and principal on outstanding debt, if any. The Company
also has repurchased shares of its common stock. The Company s primary source of income is dividends received from
Ocean City Home Bank. The amount of dividends that Ocean City Home Bank may declare and pay to the Company in any calendar
year, without the receipt of prior approval from the Federal Reserve Board and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, but
with prior notice to the Federal Reserve Board and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, cannot exceed net income for
that year to date plus retained net income (as defined) for the preceding two calendar years. The Company received dividends
from Ocean City Home Bank for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 of 9.0 million, 9.0 million and 6.0 million,
respectively. At December 31, 2015, the Company had liquid assets of 4.0 million. 

Capital Management. We are
subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, including a risk-based
capital measure. The risk-based capital guidelines include both a definition of capital and a framework for calculating risk-weighted
assets by assigning balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet items to broad risk categories. Under these requirements the federal
bank regulatory agencies have established quantitative measures to ensure that minimum thresholds for Tier 1 Capital, Common Equity
Tier 1 Capital, Total Capital and Leverage (Tier 1 Capital divided by average assets) ratios are maintained. Failure to meet minimum
capital requirements can trigger certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary, actions by regulators that could have
a direct material effect on our operations and financial position. Under the capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework
for prompt corrective action, the Company and Ocean City Home Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative
measures of assets and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. It is our intention
to maintain well-capitalized risk-based capital levels. Company capital amounts and classifications are also subject
to qualitative judgments by the federal bank regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. At December 31,
2015, the Company and Ocean City Home Bank exceeded all of their regulatory capital requirements and are considered well
capitalized under regulatory guidelines. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements .
 In the normal course of operations, we engage in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America, are not recorded in our financial statements. These transactions involve, to
varying degrees, elements of credit, interest rate and liquidity risk. Such transactions are used primarily to manage customers 
requests for funding and take the form of loan commitments and lines of credit. For information about our loan commitments and
unused lines of credit, see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

For the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014, we engaged in no off-balance-sheet transactions reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. 

Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

For a discussion of the impact of recent
accounting pronouncements, see note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 

50 

Effect of Inflation and Changing Prices 

The financial statements and related financial
data presented in this Form 10-K have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, which require
the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the change in the
relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The primary impact of inflation on our operations is reflected in
increased operating costs. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all the assets and liabilities of a financial institution
are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates generally have a more significant impact on a financial institution s
performance than do general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent
as the prices of goods and services. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK 

The information required by this item is
incorporated herein by reference to Part II, Item 7, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations . 

51 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 

The management of the Company is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The internal control process has been designed
under our supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the
Company s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Management conducted an assessment of the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, utilizing the framework
established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2015 is effective. 

Our internal control over financial reporting
includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that accurately and fairly reflect, in reasonable detail,
transactions and dispositions of assets; and provide reasonable assurances that: (1) transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States; (2)
receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company;
and (3) unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the Company s
financial statements are prevented or timely detected. 

All internal control systems, no matter
how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

The effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 

52 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Ocean Shore Holding Co. and subsidiaries: 

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting
of Ocean Shore Holding Co. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2015 based on criteria established in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The
Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Report of Management's Assessment
of Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk,
and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed by, or under the supervision of, the company's principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, and effected by the company's board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over
financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements
due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness
of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on the criteria established in Internal
Control -Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year
ended December 31, 2015 of the Company and our report dated March 11, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial
statements. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

Philadelphia, PA 
March 11, 2016 

53 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
of 

 Ocean Shore Holding Co. and subsidiaries: 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
statements of financial condition of Ocean Shore Holding Co. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31,
2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity, and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on
a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Ocean Shore Holding Co. 
and subsidiaries at December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2015, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 11, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on
the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

Philadelphia, PA 
March 11, 2016 

54 

OCEAN SHORE HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

(Dollars in thousands, except par value amounts) 

December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash and amounts due from depository institutions 
 7,496 
 9,023 
 
 Interest-earning bank balances 
 80,214 
 71,284 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 87,710 
 80,307 

Investment securities held to maturity (estimated fair value 1,137 at December 31, 2015 and 1,278 at December 31, 2014) 
 1,084 
 1,201 
 
 Investment securities available for sale (amortized cost 113,944 at December 31, 2015 and 112,205 at December 31, 2014) 
 111,908 
 110,116 
 
 Loans net of allowance for loan losses of 3,190 and 3,760 at December 31, 2015 and 2014 
 783,948 
 774,017 
 
 Accrued interest receivable: 

Loans 
 2,330 
 2,304 
 
 Investment securities 
 21 
 33 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock at cost 
 5,864 
 6,039 
 
 Office properties and equipment net 
 12,359 
 12,870 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 2,242 
 3,161 
 
 Real estate owned 
 1,814 
 650 
 
 Cash surrender value of life insurance 
 24,457 
 23,828 
 
 Deferred tax asset 
 4,572 
 5,062 
 
 Goodwill 
 4,630 
 4,630 
 
 Other intangible assets 
 440 
 536 

TOTAL ASSETS 
 1,043,379 
 1,024,754 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

LIABILITIES: 

Non-interest bearing deposits 
 190,614 
 98,417 
 
 Interest bearing deposits 
 621,419 
 688,661 
 
 Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank 
 105,000 
 110,000 
 
 Junior subordinated debentures 
 - 
 7,217 
 
 Advances from borrowers for taxes and insurance 
 4,591 
 4,026 
 
 Accrued interest payable 
 589 
 879 
 
 Other liabilities 
 9,377 
 9,743 

Total liabilities 
 931,590 
 918,943 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 10) 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: 

Preferred stock, .01 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, .01 par value, 25,000,000 shares authorized, 7,307,590 issued, 6,403,058 and 6,393,344 outstanding shares at December 31, 2015 and 2014 
 73 
 73 
 
 Additional paid in capital 
 66,397 
 66,059 
 
 Retained earnings - partially restricted 
 62,480 
 57,055 
 
 Treasury stock - at cost: 904,532 and 914,246 at December 31, 2015 and 2014 
 (12,694 
 (12,678 
 
 Common stock acquired by employee benefit plans 
 (2,297 
 (2,639 
 
 Deferred compensation plans trust 
 (783 
 (608 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 (1,387 
 (1,451 

Total stockholders' equity 
 111,789 
 105,811 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 1,043,379 
 1,024,754 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

55 

OCEAN SHORE HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Years Ended December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 
 INTEREST AND DIVIDEND INCOME: 

Taxable interest and fees on loans 
 32,715 
 32,785 
 32,094 
 
 Taxable interest on mortgage-backed securities 
 1,408 
 1,368 
 1,393 
 
 Non-taxable interest on municipal securities 
 4 
 7 
 69 
 
 Taxable interest and dividends on investments securities 
 1,023 
 1,207 
 1,416 

Total interest and dividend income 
 35,150 
 35,367 
 34,972 

INTEREST EXPENSE: 

Deposits 
 2,537 
 2,546 
 3,053 
 
 Borrowings 
 4,159 
 5,020 
 5,459 

Total interest expense 
 6,696 
 7,566 
 8,512 

NET INTEREST INCOME 
 28,454 
 27,801 
 26,460 

PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES 
 689 
 462 
 757 

NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES 
 27,765 
 27,339 
 25,703 

OTHER INCOME: 

Service charges 
 1,986 
 1,753 
 2,098 
 
 Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance 
 629 
 633 
 665 
 
 Gain on sale or call of securities 
 3 
 95 
 3 
 
 Other 
 1,772 
 1,765 
 1,697 

Total other income 
 4,390 
 4,246 
 4,463 

OTHER EXPENSES: 

Salaries and employee benefits 
 12,864 
 12,684 
 12,436 
 
 Occupancy and equipment 
 5,001 
 5,095 
 5,100 
 
 Federal insurance premiums 
 551 
 535 
 541 
 
 Advertising 
 419 
 429 
 412 
 
 Professional services 
 1,054 
 1,035 
 1,318 
 
 Real estate owned activity 
 144 
 61 
 270 
 
 Charitable contributions 
 178 
 141 
 147 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 1,677 
 1,785 
 1,748 

Total other expenses 
 21,888 
 21,765 
 21,972 

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
 10,267 
 9,820 
 8,194 

INCOME TAXES: 

Current 
 2,936 
 4,587 
 1,238 
 
 Deferred 
 463 
 (1,065 
 1,607 

Total income taxes 
 3,399 
 3,522 
 2,845 

NET INCOME 
 6,868 
 6,298 
 5,349 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME, NET OF TAX 

Unrealized gain (loss) on available for sale securities 
 27 
 1,375 
 (2,761 
 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on post retirement life benefit 
 37 
 (159 
 138 
 
 Total other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 64 
 1,216 
 (2,623 
 
 TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 6,932 
 7,514 
 2,726 

Earnings per share basic 
 1.14 
 1.00 
 0.82 
 
 Earnings per share diluted 
 1.12 
 0.98 
 0.81 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

56 

OCEAN SHORE HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015, 2014 AND 2013 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Common Stock 
 Deferred 
 Accumulated 

Additional 

Acquired for 
 Compensation 
 Other 
 Total 

Common 
 Paid-In 
 Retained 
 Treasury 
 Employee 
 Plans 
 Comprehensive 
 Stockholders' 

Stock 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Stock 
 Benefit
 Plans 
 Trust 
 (Loss) 
 Equity 

BALANCE January 1, 2013 
 73 
 64,842 
 48,518 
 (4,777 
 (3,323 
 (561 
 (44 
 104,776 
 
 Comprehensive income: 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 5,349 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,349 
 
 Other comprehensive income 

Unrealized holding loss arising from adjustment
 to Post Retirment Life Benefit 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 138 
 138 
 
 Unrealized holding gain
 arising during the period (net of tax of 1,854)) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (2,761 
 (2,761 
 
 Total comprehensive income 

2,726 
 
 Purchase of treasury stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (965 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (965 
 
 Unallocated ESOP shares commited to employees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 342 
 - 
 - 
 342 
 
 Excess of fair value above cost of ESOP shares
 committed to be released 
 - 
 178 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 178 
 
 Non-vested shares 
 - 
 218 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 218 
 
 Stock options 
 - 
 163 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 163 
 
 Stock options Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 438 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 438 
 
 Purchase of shares by deferred compensation
 plans trust 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (25 
 - 
 (25 
 
 Current year dividends declared 
 - 
 - 
 (1,667 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (1,667 
 
 Unallocated ESOP dividends applied to ESOP
 loan payment 
 - 
 - 
 87 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 87 

BALANCE December 31, 2013 
 73 
 65,401 
 52,287 
 (5,304 
 (2,981 
 (586 
 (2,667 
 106,223 
 
 Comprehensive income: 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 6,298 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,298 
 
 Other comprehensive income 

Unrealized holding loss arising from adjustment
 to Post Retirment Life Benefit 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (159 
 (159 
 
 Unrealized holding gain
 arising during the period (net of tax of 923) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,375 
 1,375 
 
 Total comprehensive income 

7,514 
 
 Purchase of treasury stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (7,473 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (7,473 
 
 Unallocated ESOP shares commited to employees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 342 
 - 
 - 
 342 
 
 Excess of fair value above cost of ESOP shares
 committed to be released 
 - 
 145 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 145 
 
 Non-vested shares 
 - 
 361 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 361 
 
 Stock options 
 - 
 184 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 184 
 
 Stock options Exercised 
 - 
 (32 
 - 
 99 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 67 
 
 Purchase of shares by deferred compensation
 plans trust 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (22 
 - 
 (22 
 
 Current year dividends declared 
 - 
 - 
 (1,616 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (1,616 
 
 Unallocated ESOP dividends applied to ESOP
 loan payment 
 - 
 - 
 86 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 86 

BALANCE December 31, 2014 
 73 
 66,059 
 57,055 
 (12,678 
 (2,639 
 (608 
 (1,451 
 105,811 
 
 Comprehensive income: 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 6,868 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,868 
 
 Other comprehensive income 

Unrealized holding loss arising from adjustment
 to Post Retirment Life Benefit 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 37 
 37 
 
 Unrealized holding gain
 arising during the period (net of tax of - 26) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 27 
 27 
 
 Total comprehensive income 

6,932 
 
 Purchase of treasury stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (3,608 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (3,608 
 
 Unallocated ESOP shares commited to employees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 342 
 - 
 - 
 342 
 
 Excess of fair value above cost of ESOP shares
 committed to be released 
 - 
 181 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 181 
 
 Non-vested shares 
 - 
 299 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 299 
 
 Stock options 
 - 
 175 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 175 
 
 Stock options Exercised 
 - 
 (317 
 - 
 3,592 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,275 
 
 Purchase of shares by deferred compensation
 plans trust 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (175 
 - 
 (175 
 
 Current year dividends declared 
 - 
 - 
 (1,514 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (1,514 
 
 Unallocated ESOP dividends applied to ESOP
 loan payment 
 - 
 - 
 71 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 71 

BALANCE December 31, 2015 
 73 
 66,397 
 62,480 
 (12,694 
 (2,297 
 (783 
 (1,387 
 111,789 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

57 

OCEAN SHORE HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 
 6,868 
 6,298 
 5,349 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 
 878 
 1,280 
 600 
 
 Provision for loan losses 
 689 
 462 
 757 
 
 Deferred income taxes 
 463 
 (1,065 
 1,607 
 
 Stock based compensation expense 
 997 
 1,032 
 903 
 
 Gain on sale/call of AFS securities 
 (3 
 (95 
 (3 
 
 Premium paid on redemption of junior subordinated debt 
 94 
 54 
 112 
 
 Cash surrender value of life insurance 
 (629 
 (633 
 (665 
 
 Loss on sale of office properties and equipment 
 1 
 - 
 - 
 
 Valuation adjustment on real estate owned 
 59 
 - 
 - 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities which provided (used) cash: 

Accrued interest receivable 
 (14 
 196 
 48 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 919 
 (99 
 2,512 
 
 Accrued interest payable 
 (290 
 (145 
 (233 
 
 Other liabilities 
 (329 
 1,439 
 (287 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 9,703 
 8,724 
 10,700 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Principal collected on: 

Mortgage-backed securities available for sale 
 12,060 
 10,290 
 6,541 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities held to maturity 
 198 
 277 
 437 
 
 Collateralized mortgage obligations 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Agency securities available for sale 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loans originated, net of repayments 
 (12,471 
 (30,527 
 (42,800 
 
 Purchases of: 

Loans receivable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Investment securities held to maturity 
 (577 
 (494 
 (2,328 
 
 Investment securities available for sale 
 (25,177 
 (32,158 
 (50,013 
 
 Office properties and equipment 
 (362 
 (661 
 (643 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 
 (50 
 (82 
 - 
 
 Life insurance contracts 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sales of: 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock 
 225 
 363 
 70 
 
 Investment securities available for sale 
 - 
 1,290 
 - 
 
 Premise owned 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Real estate owned 
 902 
 720 
 1,573 
 
 Proceeds from maturities and calls of: 

Investment securities held to maturity 
 494 
 2,328 
 9,143 
 
 Investment securities available for sale 
 11,200 
 38,000 
 20,032 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities available for sale 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash used for acquistion, net of cash acquired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (13,558 
 (10,654 
 (57,988 

(Continued) 

58 

OCEAN SHORE HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Increase (decrease) in deposits 
 24,955 
 6,398 
 (21,112 
 
 Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank, net 
 (5,000 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dividends paid 
 (1,514 
 (1,616 
 (1,667 
 
 Purchase of shares by deferred compensation plans trust 
 (175 
 (22 
 (24 
 
 Purchase of treasury stock 
 (3,608 
 (7,473 
 (966 
 
 Stock options exercised 
 3,275 
 67 
 436 
 
 Unallocated ESOP dividends applied to ESOP loan 
 71 
 86 
 87 
 
 Decrease in advances from borrowers for taxes and insurance 
 565 
 324 
 (6 
 
 Redemption of junior subordinated debt 
 (7,311 
 (3,146 
 (5,263 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 11,258 
 (5,382 
 (28,515 

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 7,403 
 (7,312 
 (75,803 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Beginning of period 
 80,307 
 87,619 
 163,422 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS End of period 
 87,710 
 80,307 
 87,619 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW 

INFORMATION Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 
 6,892 
 7,653 
 8,690 

Income taxes 
 4,530 
 2,684 
 2,572 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH ITEMS 

Transfers of loans to real estate owned 
 2,126 
 872 
 1,165 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

59 

OCEAN SHORE
HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (All dollar amounts presented in the tables, except share
and per share amounts, are in thousands) 

1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS 

Ocean Shore Holding Co. Company is the holding company for Ocean City Home Bank Bank ), a federally chartered savings bank. The Company is a unitary
savings and loan holding company and conducts its operations primarily through the Bank. The Bank has three active subsidiaries,
Seashore Financial Services, LLC, which receives commissions from referrals of insurance products, OCHB Preferred Corp, a New Jersey
real estate investment trust and OCHB Investment Corp, a Delaware investment company. 

The Bank s market area consists
of Atlantic and Cape May counties, New Jersey. Through a eleven-branch network, the Bank operates as a retail banking concern in
the communities of Ocean City and Marmora within Cape May County, and Linwood, Ventnor, Margate, Mays Landing, Egg Harbor Township
and Galloway Township within Atlantic County. The Bank is engaged in the business of attracting time and demand deposits from the
general public, small businesses and municipalities, and investing such deposits primarily in residential mortgage loans, consumer
loans and small commercial loans. 

The Company s outstanding
common stock is traded on NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol OSHC . The Bank is subject to regulatory supervision
and examination by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC ), its primary regulator, and the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC which insures its deposits. The Bank is a member of and owns capital stock
in the Federal Home Loan Bank (the FHLB of New York, which is one of the twelve regional banks that comprise the
FHLB System. 

2. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis of Presentation The
consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of the Bank and its subsidiaries Seashore Financial LLC,
OCHB Preferred Corp and OCHB Investment Corp and are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America GAAP and have been prepared by the Company pursuant to the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of Estimates in the Preparation
of Financial Statements The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during
the reporting period. The most significant estimates and assumptions in the Company s consolidated financial statements relate
to the allowance for loan losses, other-than-temporary-impairment on investment securities, goodwill and intangible impairment,
deferred income taxes and the fair value measurements of financial instruments. Actual results could differ from those estimates
under different assumptions and conditions, and the differences may be material to the consolidated financial statements. 

Subsequent Events All
material events that occurred after the date of the consolidated financial statements and before the consolidated financial statements
were issued have been either recognized in the consolidated financial statements or disclosed in the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. The Company evaluated events from the date of the consolidated financial statements on December 31, 2015
through the issuance of those consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Segment Information In
accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU FASB
ASC 280, Segment Reporting (FASB ASC 280), the Company has one reportable operating segment, Community Banking. 
All of the Company s activities are interrelated, and each activity is dependent and assessed based on how each of the activities
of the Company supports the others. For example, lending is dependent upon the ability of the Company to fund itself with
deposits and other borrowings, and manage interest rate and credit risk. Accordingly, all significant operating decisions
are based upon analysis of the Company as one segment or unit. 

60 

Business Combinations The
Company records the net assets of companies that are acquired at their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition, and includes
the results of operations of the acquired companies in the Consolidated Income Statement from the date of acquisition. The Company
recognizes, as goodwill, the excess of the acquisition price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired. 

Treasury Stock From time to
time the Company may choose to reacquire some of its outstanding stock from its shareholders for retirement or resale. Common stock
reacquired by the Company is accounted for using the cost method,
which treats stock held in treasury as a reduction to total stockholders equity equal to the cost of purchase. 

The Company held 904,532 shares in treasury stock
at a cost of 12.7 million at December 31, 2015 and 914,246 shares at a cost of 12.7 million at December 31, 2014. 

During 2015, the Company repurchased 246,958 shares
of the Company s outstanding common stock for 3.6 million at a weighted average cost of 14.61 per share. Additionally,
256,672 shares were issued from treasury stock for exercised stock options totaling 3.3 million. 

Concentration of Credit
Risk The majority of the Company s loans are secured by 1 to 4 family real estate or made to businesses in
Atlantic or Cape May Counties, New Jersey. 

Investment Securities 
The Company s debt and equity securities include both those that are held to maturity and those that are available for sale. The
purchase and sale of the Company s debt securities are recorded as of the trade date. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the
Company had no unsettled purchases or sales of investment securities. The following provides further information on the Company s
accounting for debt securities: 

a. Held to Maturity Debt securities that management has the positive intent and ability to hold until maturity are
classified as held to maturity and are carried at their remaining unpaid principal balance, net of unamortized premiums or unaccreted
discounts. Premiums are amortized and discounts are accreted using the interest method over the estimated remaining term of the
underlying security. 

b. Available for Sale Debt and equity securities that will be held for indefinite periods of time, including securities
that may be sold in response to changes in market interest or prepayment rates, needs for liquidity and changes in the availability
of and the yield of alternative investments, are classified as available for sale. These securities are carried at estimated fair
value. Fair values are based on quoted prices for identical assets in active markets, quoted prices for similar assets in markets
that are either actively or not actively traded, or, in some cases where there is limited activity or less transparency around
inputs, internally developed discounted cash flow models. 
Unrealized gains and losses that are not concluded to be other than temporary, are excluded from earnings and are reported net
of tax in other comprehensive income. Upon the sale of securities, any unamortized premium or unaccreted discount is considered
in the determination of gain or loss from the sale. Realized gains and losses on the sale or call of investment securities are
recorded as of the trade date, reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income and determined using
the adjusted cost of the specific security sold or called. The Company had no sales of securities for the year ended December 31,
2015 and sold 1.3 million of available for sale securities realizing a gain on sale of 84 thousand for the year ended 2014. 

61 

In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB Accounting Standard Codification ASC 325-40, Beneficial Interests in Securitized
Financial Assets , and FASB ASC 320-10, Investments Debt and Equity Securities , the Company evaluates
its debt securities portfolio for other-than-temporary impairment OTTI throughout the year. Each investment that
has a fair value less than the book value is reviewed on a quarterly basis by management. Management considers at a minimum the
following factors that, both individually or in combination, could indicate that the decline is other-than-temporary: (a) the Company
has the intent to sell the security; (b) it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security before recovery;
and (c) the Company does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. An impairment charge
is recorded if, based on the review described above, management concludes that the decline in value is other-than-temporary. Among
the factors that are considered in determining intent is a review of capital adequacy, interest rate risk profile and liquidity
at the Company. The guidance allows the Company to bifurcate the impact on securities where impairment in value was deemed to be
other than temporary between the component representing credit loss and the component representing loss related to other factors,
when the security is not otherwise intended to be sold or is not required to be sold. The portion of the fair value decline attributable
to credit loss must be recognized through a charge to earnings. The portion of the fair value decline not attributable to credit
loss is recognized through other comprehensive income. For securities accounted for under FASB ASC 320-10, the credit loss component
is determined by comparing the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected, discounted at the effective interest rate
implicit in the security at the date of acquisition, with the amortized cost basis of the debt security. For securities accounted
for under FASB 325-40, if the present value of the original estimate at the initial transaction date (or the last date previously
revised) of cash flows expected to be collected is greater than the present value of the current estimate of cash flows expected
to be collected, the difference is considered to be the credit loss component. For all securities, the Company s expected
cash flow estimates include assumptions about interest rates, timing and severity of defaults, estimates of potential recoveries,
the cash flow distribution from the bond indenture and other factors, The Company did not record any OTTI for the years ended December
31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. 

Other investments include the Company's investment
in the stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of New York. Although FHLB stock is an equity interest in an FHLB,
it does not have a readily determinable fair value, because its ownership is restricted and it is not readily marketable. FHLB
stock can be sold back only at its par value of 100 per share and only to the FHLBs or to another member institution. Accordingly,
FHLB stock is carried at cost. The Company evaluates this investment for impairment on the ultimate recoverability of the par value
rather than by recognizing temporary declines in value. 

Deferred Loan Fees The
Bank defers all loan origination fees, net of certain direct loan origination costs. The balance is accreted into income as a yield
adjustment over the life of the loan using the level-yield method. Deferred loan fees are recorded as a component of Loans
 net in the statement of financial condition. 

Unearned Discounts and Premiums Unearned
discounts and premiums on loans, investments and mortgage-backed securities purchased are accreted and amortized, respectively,
over the estimated life of the related asset using the interest method. 

Office Properties and Equipment
- Net Office properties and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method
over the expected useful lives of the related assets as follows: buildings and improvements, ten to thirty nine years or at the
lesser of the life of improvement or the lease; furniture and equipment, three to seven years. The costs of maintenance and repairs
are expensed as incurred, and renewals and betterments are capitalized. 

Real Estate Owned Real
estate owned is comprised of property acquired through foreclosure, in lieu of deed and bank property that is not in use. The property
acquired through foreclosure is carried at the lower of the related loan balance or fair value of the property based on an appraisal
less estimated cost to dispose. Losses arising from foreclosure transactions are charged against the allowance for loan losses.
Bank property is carried at the lower of cost or fair value less estimated cost to dispose. Costs to maintain real estate owned
and any subsequent gains or losses are included in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Bank Owned Life Insurance The
Company has purchased life insurance policies on certain key employees. The
Bank is the primary beneficiary of insurance policies on the lives of officers and employees of the Bank. These policies are recorded
at their cash surrender value and the Bank has recognized any increase in cash surrender value of life insurance, net of insurance
costs, in the consolidated statements of income. The cash surrender value of the insurance policies is recorded as an asset in
the statements of financial condition. The Company accounts for split dollar life insurance in accordance with FASB ASC 715-60,
 Defined Benefit Plans Other Post-Retirement . The guidance provides for determining a liability for the
postretirement benefit obligation as well as recognition and measurement of the associated asset on the basis of the terms of the
collateral assignment agreement. 

62 

Loans held for investment 
Loans are reported net of loan origination fees, direct origination costs and discounts and premiums associated with purchased
loans and unearned income. Interest on loans is credited to income as it is earned. Loan origination fees and certain direct loan
origination costs are deferred and recognized as adjustments to interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations over
the contractual life of the loan utilizing the effective interest rate method. Premiums and discounts associated with loans purchased
by the Bank are deferred and amortized as adjustments to interest income utilizing the effective interest rate method. 

Certain loans acquired that result
in recognition of a discount attributable, at least in part, to credit quality, and are not subsequently accounted for at fair
value, are accounted for under the receivable topic of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Section 310-30, Loans
and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality. The excess of the estimated undiscounted principal, interest
and other cash flows expected to be collected over the initial investment in the acquired loans is amortized to interest income
over the expected life of the loans through the effective interest rate method. The amount amortized for the acquired loan pool
is adjusted when there is an increase or decrease in the expected cash flows. Further, the Company assesses impairment on these
acquired loan pools for which there has been a decrease in the expected cash flows. Impairment is measured based on the present
value of the expected cash flows from the loan (including the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral), discounted using
the loan's effective interest rate. 

Loans are considered past due 16
days or more past the due date. Loans are considered delinquent if 30 days or more past due. Loans over 90 days past due are placed
on non-accrual status. Payments received on non-accrual loans are applied to principal, interest and escrow on mortgage loans and
to accrued interest followed by principal on all other loans. Loans are returned to accrual status when no payment is over 90 days
past due. Unsecured loans are charged off when becoming more than 90 days past due. Secured loans are charged off to the extent
the loan amount exceeds the appraised value of the collateral when over 90 days past due and management believes the uncollectability
of the loan balance is confirmed. 

A loan is determined to be impaired
and non-accrual when, based upon current information and events, it is probable that scheduled payments of principal and interest
will not be received when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. An insignificant delay (e.g., less than
90 days) or insignificant shortfall in amount of payments does not necessarily result in the loan being identified as impaired. 

When a loan is placed on non-accrual
status, all accrued yet uncollected interest is reversed from income. Payments received on non-accrual loans are generally applied
to the outstanding principal balance. Interest income on impaired loans other than nonaccrual loans is recognized on an accrual
basis. Interest income on nonaccrual loans is recognized only as collected. 

Troubled debt restructurings TDRs are loans that have been modified whereby the Company has agreed to make certain concessions to customers to both meet the needs
of the customers and maximize the ultimate recovery of the loan. TDRs occur when a borrower is experiencing, or is expected to
experience, financial difficulties and the loan is modified involving a concession that would otherwise not be granted to the borrower.
TDRs are generally placed on non-accrual status until the Company believes repayment under the revised terms is reasonably assured
and a sustained period of repayment performance has been achieved (typically defined as six months for a monthly amortizing loan).
All costs incurred by the Company in connection with a TDR are expensed as incurred. The TDR classification will remain on the
loan until it is paid in full or liquidated. 

Impaired loans are defined as all
TDRs plus non-accrual loans. In addition, the Company may perform a specific reserve analysis on loans where based on management s
judgment the nature of the collateral or business conditions warrant such an analysis. 

Allowance for Loan Losses The
allowance for loan losses is the amount estimated by management as necessary to cover losses inherent in the loan portfolio at
the balance sheet date. The allowance is established through the provision for loan losses, which is charged to results of operations
based on management s evaluation of the estimated losses that have been incurred in the Company s loan portfolio. Determining
the amount of the allowance for loan losses necessarily involves a high degree of judgment. Among the material estimates required
to establish the allowance are the following: loss exposure at default; the amount and timing of future cash flows on impacted
loans; value of collateral; and determination of loss factors to be applied to the various elements of the portfolio. All of these
estimates are susceptible to significant change. Although we believe that we use the best information available to establish the
allowance for loan losses, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially from
the assumptions used in making the evaluation. In addition, the OCC, as an integral part of its examination process, periodically
reviews our allowance for loan losses. Such agency may require us to recognize adjustments to the allowance based on its judgments
about information available to it at the time of its examination. The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level that management
considers adequate to provide for estimated losses and impairment based upon an evaluation of known and inherent risk in the loan
portfolio as of the balance sheet date. 

63 

Management monitors its allowance for loan losses
monthly and makes adjustments to the allowance through the provision for loan losses as economic conditions and other pertinent
factors indicate. The quarterly review and adjustment of the qualitative factors employed in the allowance methodology and the
updating of historic loss experience allow for timely reaction to emerging conditions and trends. In this context, a
series of qualitative factors such as historical loss experience, trends in delinquency and non-performing loans, changes in risk
composition and underwriting standards, experience and ability of staff and regional and national economic conditions and trends
are used in a methodology as a measurement of how current circumstances are affecting the loan portfolio. 

In determining the allowance for loan losses, management
has established both general pooled and specific allowances. Values assigned to the qualitative factors and those developed from
historic loss experience provide a dynamic basis for the calculation of reserve factors for performing loans (general pooled allowance).
The amount of the specific allowance is determined through a loan-by-loan analysis of non-performing loans. Loans not individually
reviewed are evaluated as a group using reserve factor percentages based on qualitative and quantitative factors described above.
In determining the appropriate level of the general pooled allowance, management makes estimates based on internal risk ratings,
which take into account such factors as debt service coverage, loan-to-value ratios, and external factors. If a loan is identified
as impaired and is collateral dependent, an appraisal is obtained to provide a base line in determining whether the carrying amount
of the loan exceeds the net realizable value. We recognize impairment through a provision estimate or a charge-off is recorded
when management determines we will not collect 100 of a loan based on foreclosure of the collateral, less cost to sell the property,
or the present value of expected cash flows. 

As changes in our operating environment occur and
as recent loss experience fluctuates, the factors for each category of loan based on type and risk rating will change to reflect
current circumstances and the quality of the loan portfolio. Given that the components of the allowance are based partially
on historical losses and on risk rating changes in response to recent events, required reserves may trail the emergence of any
unforeseen deterioration in credit quality. 

Goodwill and Core Deposit Intangibles Goodwill
is the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities of companies
acquired through business combinations accounted for under the purchase method. Core deposit intangibles are a measure of the value
of checking, savings and other-low cost deposits acquired in business combinations accounted for under the purchase method. Core
deposit intangibles are amortized over the estimated useful lives of the existing deposit relationships acquired, but not exceeding
15 years. The Company evaluates the identifiable intangibles for impairment when an indicator of impairment exists, but not
less than annually. Separable intangible assets that are not deemed to have an indefinite life continue to be amortized over their
useful lives. 

Goodwill is not amortized on a recurring basis, but
rather is subject to periodic impairment testing. Management performs an annual goodwill impairment test and whenever events
occur or circumstances change that indicates the fair value of a reporting unit may be below its carrying value. 

The Company performed goodwill impairment testing
as of August 1, 2015 and 2014 and concluded that goodwill was not impaired. The Company did not have any indefinite-lived intangible
assets as of December 31, 2015. 

Loans Held for Sale and Loans
Sold The Bank originates mortgage loans held for investment and for sale. At origination, the mortgage loan is identified
as either held for sale or for investment. Mortgage loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or forward committed contracts
(which approximates market), determined on a net aggregate basis. The Bank had no loans classified as held for sale at December
31, 2015 and 2014. The Bank did not sell any loans in 2015 or 2014. 

64 

Income Taxes The Company accounts
for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes. FASB ASC 740 requires the recording of deferred income taxes
that reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases. If current available information raises doubt as to the realization of the deferred
tax assets, a valuation allowance is established. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. We exercise
significant judgment in evaluating the amount and timing of recognition of the resulting tax liabilities and assets. These judgments
require us to make projections of future taxable income as well as judgments about availability of capital gains. The judgments
and estimates we make in determining our deferred tax assets, which are inherently subjective, are reviewed on a continual basis
as regulatory and business factors change. Any reduction in estimated future taxable income may require us to record an additional
valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. Further, an inability to employ a qualifying tax strategy to utilize our deferred
tax asset arising from capital losses may give rise to an additional valuation allowance. An increase in the valuation allowance
would result in additional income tax expense in the period, which would negatively affect earnings. FASB ASC 740 prescribes a
minimum probability threshold that a tax position must meet before a financial statement benefit is recognized. When applicable,
we recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes in the consolidated
statement of income. Assessment of uncertain tax positions under FASB ASC 740 requires careful consideration of the
technical merits of a position based on management s analysis of tax regulations and interpretations. Judgment may
be involved in applying the requirements of FASB ASC 740. 

Our adherence to FASB ASC 740 may result in increased
volatility in quarterly and annual effective income tax rates, as FASB ASC 740 requires that any change in judgment or change in
measurement of a tax position taken in a prior period be recognized as a discrete event in the period in which it occurs. Factors
that could impact management s judgment include changes in income, tax laws and regulations, and tax planning strategies. 

Interest Rate Risk The
Bank is engaged principally in providing first mortgage loans to borrowers. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, approximately two-thirds
of the Bank s assets consisted of assets that earned interest at fixed interest rates. Those assets were funded with long-term
fixed rate liabilities and with short-term liabilities that have interest rates that vary with market rates over time. The shorter
duration of the interest-sensitive liabilities indicates that the Bank is exposed to interest rate risk because, in a rising rate
environment, liabilities will be repricing faster at higher interest rates, thereby reducing the market value of long-term assets
and net interest income. 

Earnings Per Share Basic
earnings per share is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding, net of any treasury shares, during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing
net income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding, net of any treasury
shares, after consideration of the potential dilutive effect of common stock equivalents, based upon the treasury stock method
using an average market price of common shares sold during the period. 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) The
Company classifies items of other comprehensive income (loss) by their nature and displays the accumulated balance of other comprehensive
income (loss) separately from retained earnings and additional paid-in capital in the equity section of the Consolidated Statements
of Financial Condition. Amounts categorized as other comprehensive income (loss) represent net unrealized gains or losses
on investment securities available for sale and post-retirement benefits, net of tax of 781 thousand. Reclassifications are made
to avoid double counting in comprehensive income (loss) items which are displayed as part of net income for the period. There are
no reclassifications during the period ending December 31, 2015. Reclassification adjustments recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income during the period ending December 31, 2014 are as follows: 

65 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Year Ended December 31, 2014 

Pre-tax 
 Tax 
 After-tax 
 
 Unrealized holding loss on securities available for sale during the period 
 (2,184 
 841 
 (1,343 
 
 Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income 
 95 
 (34 
 61 
 
 Net unrealized loss on securities available for sale 
 (2,089 
 807 
 (1,282 

The following table presents the changes in Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by component as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Year Ended December 31, 2015 

Unrealized 
 Accumulated 

Unrealized 
 Loss on 
 Other 

Gains(Loss) on 
 Post Retirement 
 Comprehensive 

AFS Securities 
 Life 
 Income 
 
 Beginning balance 
 (1,282 
 (169 
 (1,451 
 
 Current-period change 
 53 
 36 
 89 
 
 Tax Benefit 
 (26 
 - 
 (26 
 
 Ending Balance 
 (1,255 
 (133 
 (1,388 

Year Ended December 31, 2014 

Unrealized 
 Accumulated 

Unrealized 
 Loss on 
 Other 

Gains(Loss) on 
 Post Retirement 
 Comprehensive 
 
 Beginning balance 
 AFS Securities 
 Life 
 Income 
 
 Current-period change 
 (2,761 
 (10 
 (2,771 
 
 Tax Benefit 
 2,402 
 (159 
 2,243 
 
 Ending Balance 
 (923 
 - 
 (923 

(1,282 
 (169 
 (1,451 

Stock Based Compensation Stock-based
compensation is accounted for in accordance with FASB ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . The Company establishes
fair value for its equity awards to determine their cost. The Company recognizes the related expense for employees over the
appropriate vesting period, or when applicable, service period. However, consistent with the stock compensation topic of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification, the amount of stock-based compensation recognized at any date must at least equal the portion
of the grant date value of the award that is vested at that date and as a result it may be necessary to recognize the expense using
a ratable method. In accordance with FASB ASC 505-50, Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees , the compensation expense for
non-employees is recognized on the grant date, or when applicable, the service period. 

The Company s 2005 and 2010
Equity-Based Incentive Plans (the Equity Plans authorize the issuance of shares of common stock pursuant to awards
that may be granted in the form of stock options to purchase common stock options and awards of shares of common
stock stock awards ). The purpose of the Equity Plans is to attract and retain personnel for positions of substantial
responsibility and to provide additional incentive to certain officers, directors, advisory directors, employees and other persons
to promote the success of the Company. Under the Equity Plans, options expire ten years after the date of grant, unless terminated
earlier under the option terms. A committee of non-employee directors has the authority to determine the conditions upon which
the options granted will vest. Options are granted at the then fair market value of the Company s stock. 

Determining the fair value of stock-based
awards at measurement date requires judgment, including estimating the expected term of the stock options and the expected volatility
of the Company s stock. In addition, judgment is required in estimating the amount of stock-based awards that are expected
to be forfeited. If actual results differ significantly from these estimates or different key assumptions were used, it could have
a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

66 

In accordance with FASB ASC 718,
the fair value of the stock options granted is estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
which uses the assumptions noted in the table below. Stock options have been historically granted a for a 10 year term. The risk-free
interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. The expected term of the option is
the estimated time the option will be exercised. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s
stock price. 

The Equity Plans authorize the grant of stock options
to officers, employees and directors of the Company to acquire shares of common stock with an exercise price equal to the fair
market value of the common stock on the grant date. Options will generally become vested and exercisable at the rate of 20 per
year over five years. A total of 380,407 shares of common stock have been approved for issuance pursuant to the grant of stock
options under the Equity Plans. At December 31, 2015, 1,040 options issued in 2013, 1,200 options granted in 2011, 20,620 options
issued in 2010, 3,524 options issued in 2007, 3,520 options issued in 2006 and 54,100 options issued in 2005 have been forfeited.
At December 31, 2015, 313,087 shares have been issued upon the exercise of stock options. No options were granted in 2015 or 2014. 

Common Stock Acquired for
Employee Benefit Plans Unearned ESOP shares are not considered outstanding for calculating net income per common
share and are shown as a reduction of stockholders equity and presented as Common Stock Acquired for Employee Benefit Plans.
During the period the ESOP shares are committed to be released, the Company recognizes compensation cost equal to the fair value
of the ESOP shares. When the shares are released, Common Stock Acquired for Employee Benefit Plans is reduced by the cost
of the ESOP shares released and the differential between the fair value and the cost is charged/credited to additional paid-in
capital. The loan receivable from the ESOP to the Company is not reported as an asset nor is the debt of the ESOP reported as a
liability in the Company s consolidated financial statements. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, unearned ESOP shares totaled
258,233 and 292,500 shares, respectively. 

Statement of Cash Flows For
purposes of reporting cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, amounts due from banks, interest-bearing deposits
and federal funds sold. Generally, federal funds are purchased and sold for one-day periods. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
In January 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-04, Receivables Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors (Subtopic 310-40):
Reclassification of Residential Real Estate Collateralized Consumer Mortgage Loans Upon Foreclosure a consensus of the
FASB Emerging Issues Task Force, on January 17, 2014 . This ASU clarifies when a creditor
should be considered to have received physical possession of residential real estate property collateralizing a consumer mortgage
loan such that the loan receivable should be derecognized and the real estate property recognized. The amended guidance clarifies
that an in substance repossession or foreclosure occurs, and a creditor is considered to have received physical possession of residential
real estate property collateralizing a consumer mortgage loan, upon either (1) the creditor obtaining legal title to the residential
real estate property upon completion of a foreclosure or (2) the borrower conveying all interest in the residential real estate
property to the creditor to satisfy that loan through completion of a deed in lieu of foreclosure or through a similar legal agreement.
In addition, the amended guidance requires interim and annual disclosures of both (1) the amount of foreclosed residential real
estate property held by the creditor and (2) the recorded investment in consumer mortgage loans collateralized by residential real
estate property that are in the process of foreclosure according to local requirements of the applicable jurisdiction. The amended
guidance may be applied prospectively or through a modified retrospective approach and is effective for fiscal years, and interim
periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2014, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this accounting guidance
did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, which created
ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, superseding the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605.
This ASU requires an entity to recognize revenue for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that
reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The amendment includes
a five-step process to assist an entity in achieving the main principle(s) of revenue recognition under ASC 605. The amendment
will be effective for the first reporting period ending after December 15, 2017. Early adoption would be permitted as of the original
effective date in ASU 2014-09 which is the first reporting period ending after December 15, 2016. The adoption of the amended guidance
is currently being evaluated by the Company. 

67 

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-11, an amendment
to ASC 860 Transfers and Servicing. This ASU requires accounting changes for repurchase to maturity and repurchase
financing transactions, respectively, which will be accounted for as a secured borrowing agreement on a prospective basis. The
ASU also adds additional disclosure requirements related to these transactions. The amendment will be effective for the Company
for the first annual period ending after December 15, 2014. The accounting changes for all transactions affected by this amendment
will have the impact recorded as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings on the date of adoption. The adoption of this
accounting guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12, an amendment
to ASC 718 Compensation-Stock Compensation. This ASU requires that a performance target that affects vesting,
and could be achieved after the requisite service period, be treated as a performance condition. Application of existing guidance
in ASC 718, as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting, should continue to be used to account for
such awards. The amendment will be effective for the Company for the first reporting period ending after December 15, 2014. Early
adoption is permitted. The adoption of this accounting guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-14, an amendment
to ASC 310-40 Receivables - Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors. This ASU requires that a government-guaranteed
mortgage loan be de-recognized, and that a separate other receivable be recognized, upon foreclosure if the three criteria identified
in the ASU are met. Upon foreclosure and meeting the three criteria, the separate other receivable should be measured based on
the amount of the loan balance (principal and interest) that is expected to be recovered from the guarantor. The amendment will
be effective for the Company for the first reporting period ending after December 15, 2014. The Company adopted this amendment
in 2014 on a prospective basis. The adoption of this accounting guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB also issued ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . This ASU requires management
to perform an assessment of going concern and provides specific guidance on when and how to assess or disclose going concern uncertainties.
The new standard also defines terms used in the evaluation of going concern, such as substantial doubt. Following application,
the Company will be required to perform assessments at each annual and interim period, provide an assessment period of one year
from the issuance date, and make disclosures in certain circumstances in which substantial doubt is identified. The amendment will
be effective for the Company for the first reporting period ending after December 15, 2016. Earlier application is permitted. The
Company does not expect this ASU to have an impact on its financial position, result of operations, or disclosures. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, Financial
Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. This amendment
requires that 1) equity investments, except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or result in consolidation
of the investee, be measured at fair value with changes in the fair value being recorded in net income, unless those equity investments
do not have readily determinable fair values in which case they will be measured at cost less impairment, if any, plus the effect
of changes resulting from observable price transactions in orderly transactions or for the identical or similar investment of the
same issuer, 2) simplifies the impairment assessment of equity instruments that do not have readily determinable fair values, 3)
eliminates the requirement to disclose methods and assumptions used to estimate fair value of instruments measured at amortized
cost on the balance sheet, 4) requires public entities to use exit price when measuring the fair value of financial
instruments, 5) requires entities to separately present in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in fair value
of a liability resulting from instrument-specific credit risk when the fair value option has been elected for that liability, 6)
requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset
on the balance sheet or in the accompanying notes, and 7) clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance
on its deferred tax asset related to its available-for-sale securities in combination with its other deferred tax assets. This
amendment will be effective for the Company for the first reporting period beginning after December 15, 2017, with earlier adoption
permitted by public entities on a limited basis. Adoption of the amendment must be applied by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment
to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption, except for amendments related to equity instruments that
do not have readily determinable fair values which should be applied prospectively. Earlier application is permitted. The Company
is in the process of evaluating the impacts of the adoption of this ASU. 

68 

3. INVESTMENT
SECURITIES 

Investment securities are summarized as follows: 

December 31, 2015 

Gross 
 Gross 
 Estimated 

Amortized 
 Unrealized 
 Unrealized 
 Fair 

Cost 
 Gain 
 Loss 
 Value 
 
 Held to Maturity 

Debt Securities - Municipal 
 577 
 - 
 - 
 577 
 
 US treasury and government sponsored entity mortgage-backed securities 
 507 
 53 
 - 
 560 
 
 Totals 
 1,084 
 53 
 - 
 1,137 
 
 Available for Sale 

Debt securities: 

Corporate 
 9,660 
 26 
 (842 
 8,844 
 
 US treasury and federal agencies 
 10,033 
 7 
 - 
 10,040 
 
 Equity securities 
 3 
 39 
 - 
 42 
 
 US treasury and government sponsored entity mortgage-backed securities 
 94,248 
 223 
 (1,489 
 92,982 
 
 Totals 
 113,944 
 295 
 (2,331 
 111,908 

December 31, 2014 

Gross 
 Gross 
 Estimated 

Amortized 
 Unrealized 
 Unrealized 
 Fair 

Cost 
 Gain 
 Loss 
 Value 
 
 Held to Maturity 

Debt Securities Municipal 
 494 
 - 
 - 
 494 
 
 US treasury and government sponsored entity mortgage-backed securities 
 707 
 77 
 - 
 784 
 
 Totals 
 1,201 
 77 
 - 
 1,278 

Available for Sale 

Debt securities: 

Corporate 
 9,596 
 99 
 (856 
 8,839 
 
 US treasury and federal agencies 
 21,223 
 6 
 (238 
 20,991 
 
 Equity securities 
 3 
 25 
 - 
 28 
 
 US treasury and government sponsored entity mortgage-backed securities 
 81,383 
 278 
 (1,403 
 80,258 
 
 Totals 
 112,205 
 408 
 (2,497 
 110,116 

69 

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014,
the Company had investment securities available for sale with an estimated fair value of 97.9 million and 105.1 million, respectively,
pledged as collateral to secure public fund deposits. The decrease in held to maturity investment in 2015 from 2014 resulted from
municipal maturities and principal repayments received on mortgage-backed securities. 

The Company's municipal bond portfolio
consists of unrated general obligation bonds of local municipalities maturing in less than one year. 

The following table provides the gross
unrealized losses and fair value, aggregated by investment category and length of time the individual securities have been in a
continuous unrealized loss position at December 31, 2015 and 2014: 

December 31, 2015 

Less Than 12 Months 
 12 Months or Longer 
 Total 

Gross 
 
 Gross 
 
 Gross 

Estimated 
 Unrealized 
 Estimated 
 Unrealized 
 Estimated 
 Unrealized 

Fair Value 
 Loss 
 Fair Value 
 Loss 
 Fair Value 
 Loss 

Debt securities: 

Corporate 
 - 
 - 
 2,843 
 (842 
 2,843 
 (842 
 
 US treasuries and federal agencies 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 US Treasury and government sponsored entity mortgage-backed securities 
 20,704 
 (217 
 51,821 
 (1,272 
 72,525 
 (1,489 
 
 Totals 
 20,704 
 (217 
 54,664 
 (2,114 
 75,368 
 (2,331 

December 31, 2014 

Less Than 12 Months 
 12 Months or Longer 
 Total 

Gross 
 
 Gross 
 
 Gross 

Estimated 
 Unrealized 
 Estimated 
 Unrealized 
 Estimated 
 Unrealized 

Fair Value 
 Loss 
 Fair Value 
 Loss 
 Fair Value 
 Loss 

Debt securities: 

Corporate 
 - 
 - 
 2,826 
 (856 
 2,826 
 (856 
 
 US treasuries and federal agencies 
 4,990 
 (5 
 9,767 
 (233 
 14,757 
 (238 
 
 US Treasury and government sponsored entity mortgage-backed securities 
 10,133 
 (17 
 66,020 
 (1,386 
 76,153 
 (1,403 
 
 Totals 
 15,123 
 (22 
 78,613 
 (2,475 
 93,736 
 (2,497 

Management
has reviewed its investment securities as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and has determined that all declines in fair value below
amortized cost are temporary. 

Management
evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment OTTI at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently
when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. The OTTI assessment is a subjective process requiring the use of judgments
and assumptions. During the securities-level assessments, consideration is given to (1) the intent not to sell and probability
that the Company will not be required to sell the security before recovery of its cost basis to allow for any anticipated recovery
in fair value, (2) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, as well as company news and current events,
and (3) the ability to collect the future expected cash flows. Key assumptions utilized to forecast expected cash flows may include
loss severity, expected cumulative loss percentage, cumulative loss percentage to date, weighted average FICO and weighted average
loan-to-value LTV ), rating or scoring, credit ratings and market spreads, as applicable. 

The Company
assesses and recognizes OTTI in accordance with applicable accounting standards. Under these standards, if the Company determines
that a security in the unrealized loss position is designated to be sold or it is more likely than not that the Company will be
required to sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost basis, the impairment of such security is concluded to be
other than temporary and the entire amount of the unrealized loss will be recorded in earnings. If the Company has not made a decision
to sell the security and it does not expect that it will be required to sell the security prior to the recovery of the amortized
cost basis but the Company concludes that the entire amortized cost basis of the security will not be recovered, OTTI is concluded
to exists and the Company only recognizes currently in earnings the amount of decline in value attributable to credit deterioration,
with the remaining component of OTTI is presented in other comprehensive income. 

70 

Corporate
Debt Securities The Company s investments in corporate debt securities consist of corporate debt securities
issued by large financial institutions and single issuer and CDOs backed by bank trust preferred capital securities. 

At December
31, 2015 and 2014, two single issuer trust preferred securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months
or longer. Those securities have aggregate depreciation of 22.9 from the Company s amortized cost basis. The initial decline
of these securities was primarily attributable to depressed market pricing of non-rated issues of trust preferred securities observed
during the financial downturn. The unrealized loss position continued to improve, and the current decline of these debt securities
is principally attributable to the rising interest rate environment and depressed pricing on lower yielding investments with prolonged
maturities, which had an impact for these types of investments. These securities were performing in accordance with their contractual
terms as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and had paid all contractual cash flows since the Company s initial investment. Management
believes these unrealized losses are not other-than-temporary based upon the Company s analysis that the securities will
perform in accordance with their contractual terms and the Company s intent not to sell these investments for a period of
time sufficient to allow for the anticipated recovery of amortized cost, which may be maturity. The Company expects recovery
of amortized cost when market conditions have stabilized and that the Company will receive all contractual principal and interest
payments related to those investments. 

United
States Treasury and Government Sponsored Enterprise Mortgage-backed Securities - The Company s investments in United
States government sponsored enterprise notes consist of debt obligations of the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB ), Federal
Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac ), and Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae ).
At December 31, 2015, 13 agency and agency mortgage-backed securities had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12
months or longer. Those securities had aggregate depreciation of 2.4 from the Company s amortized cost basis. These securities
were performing in accordance with their contractual terms as of December 31, 2015, and had paid all contractual cash flows since
the Company s initial investment. Management concluded that the decline in value is attributable to rising interest rate
environment and depressed pricing on lower yielding investments with prolonged maturities. Management concluded that these unrealized
losses are not other-than-temporary. This is based upon the Company s analysis that the securities will perform in accordance
with their terms and the Company s intent not to sell or lack of requirement to sell these investments for a period of time
sufficient to allow for the anticipated recovery of amortized cost, which may be maturity. The Company expects recovery of
amortized cost when market conditions have stabilized and that the Company will receive all contractual principal and interest
payments related to those investments. 

At December
31, 2014, 15 agency and agency mortgage-backed securities had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer.
Those securities had aggregate depreciation of 2.1 from the Company s amortized cost basis. These securities were performing
in accordance with their contractual terms as of December 31, 2014, and had paid all contractual cash flows since the Company s
initial investment. Management concluded that the decline in value is attributable to rising interest rate environment and depressed
pricing on lower yielding investments with prolonged maturities. Management concluded that these unrealized losses are not other-than-temporary.
This is based upon the Company s analysis that the securities will perform in accordance with their terms and the Company s
intent not to sell or lack of requirement to sell these investments for a period of time sufficient to allow for the anticipated
recovery of amortized cost, which may be maturity. The Company expects recovery of amortized cost when market conditions
have stabilized and that the Company will receive all contractual principal and interest payments related to those investments. 

The amortized
cost and estimated fair value of debt securities available for sale at December 31, 2015 and 2014 by contractual maturity are shown
below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations
with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

71 

December 31, 2015 

Held to Maturity 
 Available for Sale Securities 

Estimated 
 
 Estimated 

Amortized 
 Fair 
 Amortized 
 Fair 

Cost 
 Value 
 Cost 
 Value 
 
 Due within 1 year 
 577 
 577 
 5,974 
 6,001 
 
 Due after 1 year through 5 years 
 - 
 - 
 33 
 33 
 
 Due after 5 years through 10 years 
 - 
 - 
 10,000 
 10,007 
 
 Due after 10 years 
 - 
 - 
 3,686 
 2,844 
 
 Total 
 577 
 577 
 19,693 
 18,885 

December 31, 2014 

Held to Maturity 
 Available for Sale Securities 

Estimated 
 
 Estimated 

Amortized 
 Fair 
 Amortized 
 Fair 

Cost 
 Value 
 Cost 
 Value 
 
 Due within 1 year 
 494 
 494 
 - 
 - 
 
 Due after 1 year through 5 years 
 - 
 - 
 5,948 
 6,047 
 
 Due after 5 years through 10 years 
 - 
 - 
 11,189 
 11,190 
 
 Due after 10 years 
 - 
 - 
 13,683 
 12,593 
 
 Total 
 494 
 494 
 30,820 
 29,830 

Equity securities had a cost
of 3 thousand and a fair value of 42 thousand as of December 31, 2015 and a cost of 3 thousand and a fair
value of 28 thousand as of December 31, 2014. Mortgage-backed securities had a cost of 94.8 million and a fair value of 93.5
million as of December 31, 2015 and a cost of 82.1 million and a fair value of 81.0 million as of December 31, 2014. 

72 

4. LOANS
RECEIVABLE NET 

Loans receivable consist of
the following: 

December 31, 

2015 
 2014 

Real estate - mortgage: 

One-to-four family residential 
 607,807 
 587,399 
 
 Commercial and multi-family 
 84,075 
 89,778 
 
 Total real - estate mortgage 
 691,882 
 677,177 

Real estate - construction: 

Residential 
 14,960 
 16,030 
 
 Commercial 
 3,595 
 4,141 
 
 Total real estate - construction 
 18,555 
 20,171 

Commercial 
 21,383 
 22,277 

Consumer 

Home equity 
 51,001 
 54,279 
 
 Other consumer loans 
 431 
 377 
 
 Total consumer loans 
 51,432 
 54,656 

Total loans 
 783,252 
 774,281 

Net deferred loan cost 
 3,886 
 3,496 
 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 (3,190 
 (3,760 

Net total loans 
 783,948 
 774,017 

The Bank originates loans to customers
primarily in its local market area. The ultimate repayment of these loans is dependent to a certain degree on the local economy
and real estate market. The intent of management is to hold loans originated and purchased to maturity. 

The Bank originates and purchases
both fixed and adjustable interest rate loans. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the composition of these loans was approximately
 579.7 million and 567.6 million, respectively, of fixed rate loans and 203.5 million and 206.7 million, respectively, of adjustable
rate loans. 

Interest income on loans is accrued
based on the contractual interest rate and the principal amount outstanding, except for those loans classified as non-accrual.
At December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, accrued interest receivable on the Company's loans was 2.3 million and 2.3
million, respectively. 

Changes in the allowance for loan
losses are as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 
 Balance, beginning of year 
 3,760 
 4,199 
 3,997 
 
 Provision for loan loss 
 689 
 462 
 757 
 
 Charge-offs 
 (1,259 
 (977 
 (568 
 
 Recoveries 
 - 
 76 
 13 

Balance, end of year 
 3,190 
 3,760 
 4,199 

73 

The provision
for loan losses charged to expense is based upon past loan loss experiences, a series of qualitative factors, and an evaluation
of losses in the current loan portfolio, including the specific evaluation of impaired loans. Values assigned to the qualitative
factors and those developed from historic loss experience provide a dynamic basis for the calculation of reserve factors for both
pass rated loans (general pooled allowance) and the criticized and classified loans that continue to perform. 

Non-performing
assets at December 31, 2015 and 2014 consisted of non-accrual loans that amounted to 5.0 million and 5.6 million, respectively,
non-accrual troubled debt restructurings of 708 thousand and 694, respectively and real estate owned of 1.8 million and 650
thousand, respectively. The reserve for delinquent interest on loans totaled 337 thousand and 423 thousand at December 31,
2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Year-end non-performing
assets segregated by class of loans are as follows: 

2015 
 2014 
 
 Real estate - mortgage 

1-4 family residential 
 2,597 
 3,626 
 
 Commercial and multi-family 
 1,580 
 803 
 
 Real estate - construction 
 143 
 143 
 
 Commercial 
 41 
 501 
 
 Consumer 
 601 
 502 
 
 Non-accrual loans 
 4,962 
 5,575 
 
 Troubled debt restructuring, non-accrual 
 708 
 694 
 
 Total non-performing loans 
 5,670 
 6,269 
 
 Real estate owned 
 1,814 
 650 
 
 Total non-performing assets 
 7,484 
 6,919 

A rollforward of the Company s nonaccretable
and accretable yield on loans accounted for under ASU 310-30, Loans and Debts Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality,
is shown below for the year-ended December 31, 2015: 

Contractual Receivable Amount 
 Nonaccretable (Yield) / Premium 
 Accretable (Yield)/
 Premium 
 Carrying Amount 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2015 
 44,216 
 (2,540 
 542 
 42,218 
 
 Principal Reductions 
 (5,478 
 - 
 - 
 (5,478 
 
 Charge-offs, net 
 (117 
 117 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accretion of loan discount (premium) 
 - 
 - 
 (116 
 (116 
 
 Transfer between nonaccretable and accretable yield 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Settlement Adjustments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2015 
 38,621 
 (2,423 
 426 
 36,624 

Portfolio segments and classes of financing receivables 

U.S. GAAP requires that entities disclose information
about the credit quality of their financing receivables at disaggregated levels, specifically defined as portfolio segments 
and classes of financing receivables based on management s systematic methodology for determining the allowance
for credit losses. For this, compared to the financial statement categorization of loans, the Company utilizes an alternate categorization
to model and calculate the allowance for credit losses and track the credit quality, delinquency and impairment status of the
underlying commercial and consumer loan populations. 

In disaggregating its financing receivables portfolio,
the Company s methodology begins with the commercial and consumer portfolio segments. The commercial portfolio segment is
then disaggregated by line of business distinctions. Real estate includes 1-4 family residential portfolio, Commercial
and Multi-Family Real estate, as well as construction loans. Commercial represents the portfolio of small business
and commercial and industrial portfolio, and Consumer represents principally secured consumer lending. 

74 

An age analysis of past due loans, disaggregated
by class of financing receivables, as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 is as follows: 

30-59 Days 
 60-89 Days 
 Greater Than 
 Total Past 
 
 Total Loan 

Past Due 
 Past Due 
 90 Days 
 Due 
 Current 
 Receivables 
 
 2015 

Real estate 

1-4 family residential 
 1,483 
 - 
 2,968 
 4,451 
 603,356 
 607,807 
 
 Commercial and multi-family 
 - 
 - 
 1,580 
 1,580 
 82,495 
 84,075 
 
 Construction 
 - 
 - 
 143 
 143 
 18,412 
 18,555 
 
 Commercial 
 - 
 - 
 41 
 41 
 21,342 
 21,383 
 
 Consumer 
 93 
 21 
 601 
 715 
 50,717 
 51,432 
 
 Total 
 1,576 
 21 
 5,333 
 6,930 
 776,322 
 783,252 

2014 

Real estate 

1-4 family residential 
 2,323 
 - 
 4,255 
 6,578 
 580,821 
 587,399 
 
 Commercial and multi-family 
 831 
 - 
 803 
 1,634 
 88,144 
 89,778 
 
 Construction 
 - 
 - 
 143 
 143 
 20,028 
 20,171 
 
 Commercial 
 - 
 - 
 501 
 501 
 21,776 
 22,277 
 
 Consumer 
 485 
 5 
 567 
 1,057 
 53,599 
 54,656 
 
 Total 
 3,639 
 5 
 6,269 
 9,913 
 764,368 
 774,281 

Impaired Loans 

Impaired loans are generally defined as all TDRs
and loans on non-accrual status. 

Impaired loans disaggregated by class of financing
receivables, excluding purchased impaired loans, are set forth in the following table. No interest income was recognized on
impaired loans subsequent to their classification as impaired. 

75 

Unpaid 
 
 Average 

Recorded 
 Principal 
 Related 
 Recorded 

Investment 
 Balance 
 Allowance 
 Investment (1) 
 
 2015 

With no related allowance recorded 

Real estate 

1-4 family residential 
 6,103 
 6,320 
 - 
 153 
 
 Commercial and multi-family 
 1,545 
 1,545 
 - 
 257 
 
 Construction 
 143 
 143 
 - 
 143 
 
 Commercial 
 41 
 41 
 - 
 41 
 
 Consumer 
 1,187 
 1,187 
 - 
 66 
 
 With an allowance recorded 

Real estate 

1-4 family residential 
 3,758 
 3,868 
 599 
 268 
 
 Commercial and multi-family 
 285 
 310 
 23 
 285 
 
 Construction 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Commercial 
 179 
 179 
 4 
 179 
 
 Consumer 
 434 
 479 
 179 
 72 
 
 Total 

Real estate 

1-4 family residential 
 9,861 
 10,188 
 599 
 183 
 
 Commercial and multi-family 
 1,830 
 1,855 
 23 
 261 
 
 Construction 
 143 
 143 
 - 
 143 
 
 Commercial 
 220 
 220 
 4 
 110 
 
 Consumer 
 1,621 
 1,666 
 179 
 68 

2014 

With no related allowance recorded 

Real estate 

1-4 family residential 
 4,585 
 4,622 
 - 
 139 
 
 Commercial and multi-family 
 1,324 
 1,324 
 - 
 265 
 
 Construction 
 143 
 143 
 - 
 143 
 
 Commercial 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Consumer 
 970 
 970 
 - 
 57 
 
 With an allowance recorded 

Real estate 

1-4 family residential 
 5,787 
 6,138 
 721 
 340 
 
 Commercial and multi-family 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Construction 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Commercial 
 702 
 702 
 254 
 351 
 
 Consumer 
 181 
 181 
 55 
 90 
 
 Total 

Real estate 

1-4 family residential 
 10,372 
 10,760 
 721 
 207 
 
 Commercial and multi-family 
 1,324 
 1,324 
 - 
 265 
 
 Construction 
 143 
 143 
 - 
 143 
 
 Commercial 
 702 
 702 
 254 
 351 
 
 Consumer 
 1,151 
 1,151 
 55 
 61 

(1) Recorded investment includes deferred loan fees, net of deferred origination costs and unamortized purchase premiums, net of
discounts as well as purchase accounting adjustments. 

76 

Included in the Company s
loan portfolio are modified commercial loans. Per FASB ASC 310-40, Troubled Debt Restructuring TDR ), a modification
is one in which the creditor, for economic or legal reasons related to the debtor s financial difficulties, grants a concession
to the debtor that it would not otherwise consider, such as providing for a below market interest rate and/or forgiving principal
or previously accrued interest; this modification may stem from an agreement or be imposed by law or a court, and may involve a
multiple note structure. Generally, prior to the modification, the loans that are modified as a TDR are already classified as non-performing.
These loans may only be returned to performing (i.e. accrual status) after considering the borrower s sustained repayment
performance for a reasonable amount of time, generally six months; this sustained repayment performance may include the period
of time just prior to the restructuring. The company had two modified commercial mortgage loans during the period ending December
31, 2015 as compared to one commercial loan at December 31, 2014. 

The primary modification program
for the Company s home mortgage and self-originated home equity portfolios is a proprietary program designed to keep customers
in their homes and, when appropriate, prevent them from entering into foreclosure. The program is available to all customers facing
a financial hardship regardless of their delinquency status. The main goal of the modification program is to review the customer s
entire financial condition to ensure that the proposed modified payment solution is affordable according to a specific debt-to-income
ratio DTI range. The main modification benefits of the program allow for term extensions, interest rate reductions,
or deferment of principal. The Company reviews each customer on a case-by-case basis to determine which benefit or combination
of benefits will be offered to achieve the target DTI range. 
 
For the Company s other consumer portfolios, the terms of the modifications include one or a combination of the following:
a reduction of the stated interest rate of the loan at a rate of interest lower than the current market rate for new debt with
similar risk or an extension of the maturity date. 
 
Consumer TDRs are generally placed on non-accrual status until the Company believes repayment under the revised terms is reasonably
assured and a sustained period of repayment performance has been achieved (typically six months for a monthly amortizing loan).
However, any loan that has remained current for the six months immediately prior to modification will remain on accrual status
after the modification is enacted. The TDR classification will remain on the loan until it is paid in full or liquidated. 
 
In addition to those identified as TDRs above, the guidance also requires loans discharged under Chapter 7 bankruptcy to be considered
TDRs and collateral-dependent, regardless of delinquency status. Collateral-dependent loans must be written down to fair market
value and classified as non-accrual/non-performing for the remaining life of the loan. 
 
 TDR Impact to Allowance for Loan Losses 
 
The allowance for loan losses is established to recognize losses inherent in funded loans intended to be held for investment that
are probable and can be reasonably estimated. Prior to a TDR, the Company generally measures its allowance under a loss contingency
methodology in which consumer loans with similar risk characteristics are pooled and loss experience information is monitored for
credit risk and deterioration with statistical tools considering factors such as delinquency, LTVs, and credit scores. 
 
Upon TDR modification, the Company generally measures impairment based on a present value of expected future cash flows methodology
considering all available evidence using the effective interest rate or fair value of collateral. The amount of the required valuation
allowance is equal to the difference between the loan s impaired value and the recorded investment. 
 
When a consumer TDR subsequently defaults, the Company generally measures impairment based on the fair value of the collateral,
if applicable, less its estimated cost to sell. 

77 

As of December 31, 2015, the Company
entered into 20 TDR agreements with a total carrying value of 4.4 million as compared to thirteen TDR agreements with a total
carrying value of 3.8 million at December 31, 2014. 

Included in impaired loans at December
31, 2015 were 20 TDRs which had a specific reserve of 534 thousand as compared to thirteen TDRs which had a specific reserve of
 495 thousand at December 31, 2014. The following table presents an analysis of the Company s TDR agreement entered into
during the years ending December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Outstanding Recorded Investment 
 
 As of December 31, 2015 
 Number of 
Contracts 
 Pre-Modification 
 Post-Modification 
 
 1-4 family residential real estate 
 10 
 3,378 
 3,378 
 
 Commercial mortgage 
 2 
 250 
 250 
 
 Consumer loan 
 7 
 621 
 621 
 
 Commercial loan 
 1 
 179 
 179 
 
 Total 
 20 
 4,428 
 4,428 

Outstanding Recorded Investment 
 
 As of December 31, 2014 
 Number of 
Contracts 
 Pre-Modification 
 Post-Modification 
 
 1-4 family residential real estate 
 8 
 3,335 
 3,335 
 
 Consumer loan 
 4 
 287 
 287 
 
 Commercial loan 
 1 
 201 
 201 
 
 Total 
 13 
 3,823 
 3,823 

Federal regulations require
us to review and classify our assets on a regular basis. In addition, the Office of Comptroller of the Currency has the
authority to identify problem assets and, if appropriate, require them to be classified. There are three classifications for
problem assets: substandard, doubtful and loss. Substandard assets must have one or more defined weaknesses and
are characterized by the distinct possibility that we will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.
 Doubtful assets have the weaknesses of substandard assets with the additional characteristic that the
weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values
questionable, and there is a high possibility of loss. An asset classified as loss is considered uncollectible
and of such little value that continuance as an asset of the institution is not warranted. The regulations also provide for a
 special mention category, described as assets which do not currently expose us to a sufficient degree of risk
to warrant classification but do possess credit deficiencies or potential weaknesses deserving our close attention. When we
classify an asset as substandard or doubtful we establish a specific allowance for loan losses. If we classify an asset as
loss, we charge off an amount equal to 100 of the portion of the asset classified loss. 

The following table presents classified
loans by class of loans as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Real
 Estate 

1-4 Family 
 Commercial 

Residential 
 and
 Multi-Family 
 Construction 
 Commercial 
 Consumer 

2015 
 2014 
 2015 
 2014 
 2015 
 2014 
 2015 
 2014 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Grade: 

Special mention 
 3,182 
 3,948 
 321 
 572 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 444 
 807 
 915 
 
 Substandard 
 7,916 
 9,370 
 3,989 
 4,010 
 143 
 143 
 557 
 659 
 1,272 
 1,189 
 
 Doubtful and loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 14 
 
 Total 
 11,098 
 13,318 
 4,310 
 4,582 
 143 
 143 
 557 
 1,103 
 2,079 
 2,118 

78 

The following
table presents the credit risk profile of loans based on payment activity as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Real
 Estate 

1-4 Family 
 Commercial 

Residential 
 and
 Multi-Family 
 Construction 
 Commercial 
 Consumer 

2015 
 2014 
 2015 
 2014 
 2015 
 2014 
 2015 
 2014 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Performing 
 605,210 
 583,773 
 82,495 
 88,975 
 18,412 
 20,028 
 21,342 
 21,776 
 50,831 
 54,154 
 
 Non-performing 
 2,597 
 3,626 
 1,580 
 803 
 143 
 143 
 41 
 501 
 601 
 502 
 
 Total 
 607,807 
 587,399 
 84,075 
 89,778 
 18,555 
 20,171 
 21,383 
 22,277 
 51,432 
 54,656 

The following table details
activity in the allowance for possible loan losses by portfolio segment for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. Allocation
of a portion of the allowance to one category does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other categories. 

Real
 Estate 

1-4 Family 
 Commercial 

Residential 
 and
 Multi-Family 
 Construction 
 Commercial 
 Consumer 
 Total 
 
 2015 

Allowance for credit losses: 

Beginning Balance 
 2,318 
 625 
 33 
 380 
 404 
 3,760 
 
 Charge-offs 
 (683 
 (25 
 - 
 (306 
 (245 
 (1,259 
 
 Recoveries 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Provision for loan losses 
 416 
 (360 
 (8 
 162 
 479 
 689 
 
 Ending balance 
 2,051 
 240 
 25 
 236 
 638 
 3,190 

Ending balance: individually
 evaluated for impairment 
 599 
 23 
 - 
 4 
 178 
 804 

Ending balance: collectively
 evaluated for impariment 
 1,452 
 217 
 25 
 232 
 460 
 2,386 

Loan Receivables: 

Ending balance 
 607,807 
 84,075 
 18,555 
 21,383 
 51,432 
 783,252 

Ending balance: individually
 evaluated for impairment 
 9,861 
 1,830 
 143 
 220 
 1,621 
 13,675 

Ending balance: collectively
 evaluated for impariment 
 597,946 
 82,245 
 18,412 
 21,163 
 49,811 
 769,577 

2014 

Allowance for credit losses: 

Beginning Balance 
 2,981 
 551 
 85 
 230 
 352 
 4,199 
 
 Charge-offs 
 (538 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (439 
 (977 
 
 Recoveries 
 1 
 - 
 - 
 75 
 - 
 76 
 
 Provision for loan losses 
 (126 
 74 
 (52 
 75 
 491 
 462 
 
 Ending balance 
 2,318 
 625 
 33 
 380 
 404 
 3,760 

Ending balance: individually
 evaluated for impairment 
 721 
 - 
 - 
 254 
 55 
 1,030 

Ending balance: collectively
 evaluated for impariment 
 1,597 
 625 
 33 
 126 
 349 
 2,730 

Loan Receivables: 

Ending balance 
 587,399 
 89,778 
 20,171 
 22,277 
 54,656 
 774,281 

Ending balance: individually
 evaluated for impairment 
 10,372 
 1,324 
 143 
 702 
 1,151 
 13,692 

Ending balance: collectively
 evaluated for impariment 
 577,027 
 88,454 
 20,028 
 21,575 
 53,505 
 760,589 

79 

Certain directors and officers of the Company have
loans with the Bank. Repayments and other includes loans for which there was a change in employee status which resulted in a change
in loan classification. 

Total loan activity for directors and officers was
as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 

Balance, beginning of year 
 4,072 
 4,749 
 4,626 
 
 Additions 
 1,355 
 295 
 672 
 
 Repayments and other 
 (1,008 
 (972 
 (549 

Balance, end of year 
 4,419 
 4,072 
 4,749 

5. OFFICE
PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT NET 

Office properties and equipment
are summarized by major classification as follows: 

December 31, 

2015 
 2014 

Land 
 3,465 
 3,465 
 
 Buildings and improvements 
 14,096 
 13,986 
 
 Furniture and equipment 
 6,999 
 7,211 

Total 
 24,560 
 24,662 
 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 (12,201 
 (11,792 

Net 
 12,359 
 12,870 

For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013,
depreciation expense amounted to 872 thousand, 934 thousand and 935 thousand, respectively. 

6. DEPOSITS 

Deposits consist of the following major classifications: 

December 31, 

2015 
 2014 

Weighted 
 
 Weighted 

Average 
 
 Average 

Amount 
 Interest Rate 
 Amount 
 Interest Rate 

NOW and other demand deposit accounts 
 457,488 
 0.13 
 439,623 
 0.13 
 
 Passbook savings and club accounts 
 174,640 
 0.20 
 168,686 
 0.20 

Subtotal 
 632,128 
 
 608,309 

Certificates with original maturities: 

Within one year 
 29,341 
 0.30 
 42,821 
 0.29 
 
 One to three years 
 127,813 
 1.03 
 113,927 
 0.92 
 
 Three years and beyond 
 22,751 
 1.56 
 22,021 
 1.73 

Total certificates 
 179,905 
 
 178,769 

Total 
 812,033 
 
 787,078 

The aggregate amount of certificate
accounts in denominations of 100 thousand or more at December 31, 2015 and 2014 amounted to 70.6 million and 62.8 million,
respectively. Currently, deposit amounts in excess of 250 thousand are generally not federally insured. 

80 

Municipal demand deposit accounts
in denominations of 100 thousand or more at December 31, 2015 and 2014 amounted to 194.6 million and 181.0 million, respectively. 

7. ADVANCES
FROM FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK 

Advances from the FHLB of New York
are as follows: 

Interest 
 December 31, 
 
 Due 
 Rate 
 2015 
 2014 

December 17, 2015 
 0.610 
 - 
 15,000 
 
 December 21, 2015 
 4.540 
 - 
 5,000 
 
 April 11, 2016 
 4.795 
 10,000 
 10,000 
 
 December 19, 2016 
 1.130 
 15,000 
 - 
 
 November 16, 2017 
 3.875 
 20,000 
 20,000 
 
 January 14, 2022 
 3.690 
 10,000 
 10,000 
 
 August 22, 2022 
 3.497 
 10,000 
 10,000 
 
 October 24, 2022 
 3.770 
 20,000 
 20,000 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 3.408 
 10,000 
 10,000 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 3.160 
 10,000 
 10,000 

105,000 
 110,000 

The advances are collateralized by FHLB stock and
substantially all first mortgage loans. The carrying value of assets pledged to the FHLB of New York was 414.8 million and 415.7
million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

The following table sets forth information concerning
balances and interest rates on our FHLB advances at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

December 31, 

2015 
 2014 

Weighted average balance during the period 
 109,849 
 110,000 
 
 Maximum month-end balance during the period 
 110,000 
 110,000 
 
 Balance outstanding at the end of the period 
 105,000 
 110,000 

Weighted average interest rate during the period 
 3.41 
 3.83 
 
 Weighted average interest rate at the end of the period 
 3.38 
 3.37 

Unused lines of credit and borrowing capacity available
for short-term and long-term borrowings from the FHLB of New York at December 31, 2015 and 2014 were 271.8 million and 295.7
million, respectively. 

81 

8. INCOME
TAXES 

The income tax provision consists of the following: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 
 Income taxes: 

Current: 

Federal 
 2,932 
 3,995 
 1,221 
 
 State 
 4 
 592 
 17 
 
 Total current tax provision 
 2,936 
 4,587 
 1,238 

Deferred: 

Federal 
 434 
 (835 
 1,324 
 
 State 
 29 
 (230 
 283 
 
 Total deferred tax provision (benefit) 
 463 
 (1,065 
 1,607 

Total income tax provision 
 3,399 
 3,522 
 2,845 

The Company s provision for income taxes differs
from the amounts determined by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income before taxes as follows: 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 

Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 

Income tax expense at statutory rate 
 3,491 
 34.0 
 3,338 
 34.0 
 2,783 
 34.0 
 
 State income taxes, net of federal benefit 
 21 
 0.2 
 239 
 2.4 
 197 
 2.5 
 
 Changes in taxes resulting from: 

Tax exempt income 
 (215 
 (2.1 
 (217 
 (2.2 
 (247 
 (3.1 
 
 Non-deductible and other expenses 
 102 
 1.0 
 162 
 1.7 
 112 
 1.3 
 
 Total 
 3,399 
 33.1 
 3,522 
 35.9 
 2,845 
 34.7 

Items that gave rise to significant portions of the
deferred tax accounts are as follows: 

December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 
 Deferred tax assets: 

Unrealized (gain) loss on available for sale securities 
 781 
 807 
 1,730 
 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 1,274 
 1,502 
 1,677 
 
 Nonperforming loans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred compensation 
 365 
 387 
 371 
 
 Employee benefits 
 2,351 
 2,257 
 2,023 
 
 Other than temporary impairment 
 1,020 
 1,020 
 1,020 
 
 Property 
 54 
 4 
 (122 
 
 Purchase accounting 
 772 
 893 
 1,000 
 
 Other 
 41 
 47 
 81 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 6,658 
 6,917 
 7,780 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 

Deferred loan fees 
 (1,487 
 (1,203 
 (1,257 
 
 Servicing 
 - 
 (1 
 (2 
 
 IRC Section 475 mark-to-market 
 (598 
 (651 
 (1,602 
 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 (2,085 
 (1,855 
 (2,861 
 
 Net deferred tax asset 
 4,573 
 5,062 
 4,919 

82 

Pursuant to ASC-740, the Company
is not required to provide deferred taxes on its tax loan loss reserve as of December 31, 1987. The amount of this reserve
on which no deferred income taxes have been provided is approximately 2.4 million and is included in retained earnings at December
31, 2015 and 2014. This reserve could be recognized as taxable income and create a current and/or deferred tax liability using
the income tax rates then in effect if one of the following occur: (1) the Company s retained earnings represented by this
reserve are used for distributions in liquidation or for any other purpose other than to absorb losses from bad debts; (2) the
Company fails to qualify as a Bank, as provided by the Internal Revenue Code; or (3) there is a change in federal tax law. 

The Company recognizes, when applicable,
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statement of
income and comprehensive income. As of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, there were no uncertain tax positions and the Company
does not anticipate any in the next twelve months. The Company files income tax returns in the United States federal jurisdiction
and in the State of New Jersey. As of December 31, 2015, the tax years ended December 31, 2012 through 2015 were subject to examination
by the Internal Revenue Service, while the tax years ended December 31, 2011 through 2015 were subject to New Jersey examination. 

9. JUNIOR
SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES 

In 1998, Ocean Shore Capital Trust
I (the Trust ), a trust created under Delaware law that is wholly owned by the Company, issued 15 million of 8.67 
Capital Securities (the Capital Securities with a liquidation amount of 1,000 per Capital Security unit and a scheduled
maturity of July 15, 2028. The proceeds from the sale of the Capital Securities, together with a capital contribution from the
Company, were utilized by the Trust to invest in 15.5 million of 8.67 Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures (the
 Debentures of the Company. The Debentures are unsecured and rank subordinate and junior in right of payment to all
indebtedness, liabilities and obligations of the Company. The Debentures represent the sole assets of the Trust. Interest on the
Capital Securities is cumulative and payable semi-annually in arrears. The Company has the option, subject to required regulatory
approval, to prepay the Debentures in whole or in part, at various prepayment prices, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon
to the date of the prepayment. On September 5, 2014, the Company redeemed 3.1 million of this issue, paying a redemption premium
of 54 thousand, reducing the outstanding balance to 7.2 million. On August 26, 2015, the Company redeemed the remaining 7.2
million of this issue, paying a redemption premium of 94 thousand. 

10. COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES 

Loan Commitments 
As of December 31, 2015, the Company had approximately 32.5 million in outstanding commitments to originate fixed and variable
rate loans with market interest rates ranging from 3.00 to 5.50 and approximately 45.5 million in unused lines and letters of
credit with interest rates ranging from 3.00 to 6.50 on outstanding balances. Commitments are issued in accordance with the same
policies and underwriting procedures as settled loans. 

Lease Commitment The
Company leases certain property and equipment under non-cancellable operating leases. Scheduled minimum lease payments are as follows
as of December 31, 2015: 

Year Ending December 31 

2016 
 160 
 
 2017 
 165 
 
 2018 
 172 
 
 2019 
 178 
 
 2020 
 185 
 
 Thereafter 
 275 
 
 Total 
 1,135 

Rent expense for all operating leases was approximately
 163 thousand, 217 thousand and 261 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

83 

Cash Reserve Requirement The
Bank is required to maintain average reserve balances under the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation D issued thereunder. Such
reserves totaled approximately 100,000 at December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Restrictions on Funds Transferred There
are various restrictions which limit the ability of a bank subsidiary to transfer funds in the form of cash dividends, loans or
advances to the parent company. Under federal law, the approval of the primary regulator is required if dividends declared
by the Bank in any year exceed the net profits of that year, as defined, combined with the retained profits for the two preceding
years. 
 
 Employment Contracts The Bank has entered into employment contracts with several officers of the Bank whereby
such officers would be entitled to a cash payment equal to 2 or 3 years annual compensation, depending on the officer, in the event
of a change of control or other specified reasons. 

11. EARNINGS PER SHARE 

Basic net income per share is based upon the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding, net of any treasury shares, while diluted net income per share is based upon the weighted
average number of shares of common stock outstanding, net of any treasury shares, after consideration of the potential dilutive
effect of common stock equivalents, based upon the treasury stock method using an average market price for the period, and impact
of unallocated ESOP shares. 

The calculated basic and diluted earnings per share EPS are as follows: 

December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 

Numerator Net Income 
 6,868 
 6,298 
 5,349 
 
 Denominators: 

Basic average shares outstanding 
 6,015,157 
 6,266,344 
 6,520,951 
 
 Net effect of dilutive common stock equivalents 
 109,001 
 134,460 
 86,158 
 
 Diluted average shares outstanding 
 6,124,158 
 6,400,804 
 6,607,109 

Earnings per share: 

Basic 
 1.14 
 1.00 
 0.82 
 
 Diluted 
 1.12 
 0.98 
 0.81 

At December 31, 2015, 2014 and
2013 there were 317,549, 612,406 and 605,803 outstanding options that were anti-dilutive, respectively. 

12. REGULATORY
CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS 

The Company and the Bank are subject
to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements
can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken,
could have a direct material effect on the Company s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory
framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative
measures of the assets, liabilities and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital
amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other
factors. 

Quantitative measures established
by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Company and the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in
the table below) of Tier 1 and common equity Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to total adjusted assets (as defined),
and of risk-based capital (as defined) to risk-weighted assets (as defined). Basel III capital regulations, which became effective
for the Company and the Bank on January 1, 2015, revised the capital requirements applicable to the Bank and made the same requirements
applicable to the Company. Management believes that, as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company and the Bank met all capital
adequacy requirements to which it is subject. 

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014,
the most recent notification from the OCC categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework
for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized, the Company must maintain minimum Tier 1 leverage and common
equity, Tier 1 and total risk-based ratios as set forth in the table below. There are no conditions or events since that notification
that management believes have changed the Bank s category. 

84 

Required 
 Considered Well 

For Capital 
 Capitalized Under Prompt 

Actual 
 Adequacy Purposes 
 Corrective Action Provisions 

Amount 
 Ratio 
 Amount 
 Ratio 
 Amount 
 Ratio 

As of December 31, 2015: 

Tier 1 leverage capital 
 98,711 
 9.30 
 42,456 
 4.00 
 53,070 
 5.00 
 
 Common equity risk-based capital 
 98,711 
 17.94 
 24,764 
 4.50 
 35,770 
 6.50 
 
 Tier 1 risk-based capital 
 98,711 
 17.94 
 33,018 
 6.00 
 44,024 
 8.00 
 
 Total risk-based capital 
 101,918 
 18.52 
 44,024 
 8.00 
 55,030 
 10.00 

As of December 31, 2014: 

Tangible capital 
 99,286 
 9.78 
 15,226 
 1.50 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Tier 1 leverage capital 
 99,286 
 9.78 
 40,603 
 4.00 
 60,905 
 6.00 
 
 Tier 1 risk-based capital 
 99,286 
 18.73 
 21,207 
 4.00 
 31,810 
 6.00 
 
 Total risk-based capital 
 102,026 
 19.24 
 42,414 
 8.00 
 53,017 
 10.00 

As of December 31, 2015, the
most recent notification from the OCC categorized the Company as well capitalized under the regulatory framework
for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized, the Company must maintain minimum Tier 1 leverage and common
equity, Tier 1 and total risk-based ratios as set forth in the table below. There are no conditions or events since that notification
that management believes have changed the Company s category. 

Required 
 Considered Well 

For Capital 
 Capitalized Under Prompt 

Actual 
 Adequacy Purposes 
 Corrective Action Provisions 

Amount 
 Ratio 
 Amount 
 Ratio 
 Amount 
 Ratio 

As of December 31, 2015: 

Tier 1 leverage capital 
 108,014 
 10.15 
 42,563 
 4.00 
 53,203 
 5.00 
 
 Common equity risk-based capital 
 108,014 
 19.58 
 24,826 
 4.50 
 35,860 
 6.50 
 
 Tier 1 risk-based capital 
 108,014 
 19.58 
 33,101 
 6.00 
 44,135 
 8.00 
 
 Total risk-based capital 
 111,204 
 20.16 
 44,135 
 8.00 
 55,169 
 10.00 

Federal banking regulations place
certain restrictions on dividends paid by the Bank to the Company. The total dividends that may be paid at any date is generally
limited to the earnings of the Bank for the year to date plus retained earnings for the prior two years, net of any prior capital
distributions. In addition, dividends paid by the Bank to the Company would be prohibited if the distribution would cause the Bank s
capital to be reduced below the applicable minimum capital requirements. For the periods ending December 31, 2015 and December
31, 2014, the Bank paid 9.0 million in dividends to the Company. 

13. BENEFIT PLANS 

401(k)
Plan 

The Company maintains an approved
401(k) Plan. All employees age 18 and over are eligible to participate in the plan at the beginning of the quarter after hire date.
The employees may contribute up to 100 of their compensation, subject to IRS limitations, to the plan with the Company matching
one-half of the first six percent contributed. Full vesting in the plan is prorated equally over a five-year period from the date
of employment. The Company s contributions to the 401(k) Plan for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were
 219 thousand, 202 thousand, and 196 thousand, respectively, and were included as a component of Salaries and employee
benefits expense. 

85 

Deferred Compensation Plans 

The Bank maintains a deferred compensation
plan whereby certain officers will be provided supplemental retirement benefits for a period of fifteen or twenty years following
normal retirement. The benefits under the plan are fully vested for all officers. The Company makes annual contributions, based
upon an accrued liability schedule, to a trust for each respective officer organized by the Company to administer the plan so that
the amounts required will be provided at the normal retirement dates and thereafter. Assuming normal retirement, the benefits under
the plan will be paid in varying amounts between 2016 and 2032. The agreements also provide for payment of benefits in the event
of disability, early retirement, termination of employment, or death. The contributions to the plan for the years ended December 31,
2015, 2014 and 2013 were 357 thousand, 523 thousand and 550 thousand, respectively, and were included as a component of Salaries
and employee benefits expense in the statement of income. The accrued liability included as a component of Other
liabilities in the statement of financial condition was 4.8 million, 4.4 million and 3.9 million for the years ended
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

The Bank maintains a directors 
deferred compensation plan whereby directors may defer into a retirement account a portion of their monthly director fees for a
specified period to provide a specified amount of income for a period of five to ten years following normal retirement. The Company
also accrues the interest cost on the deferred fee obligation so that the amounts required will be provided at the normal retirement
dates and thereafter. Assuming normal retirement, the benefits under the plan will be paid in varying amounts between 2016 and
2032. Payments of 85 thousand were made from the plan in 2015. The agreements also provide for payment of benefits in the event
of disability, early retirement, termination of service, or death. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the accrued deferred compensation
liability amounted to approximately 914 thousand and 970 thousand, respectively, and is included as a component of Other
Liabilities in the statement of financial condition. The contributions to the plan for the years ended December 31,
2015, 2014 and 2013 were 162 thousand, 104 thousand and 57 thousand, respectively, and were included as a component of Salaries
and employee benefits expense. 

The Bank is the owner and primary
beneficiary of insurance policies on the lives of participating officers and directors. Such policies were purchased to informally
fund the benefit obligations and to allow the Company to honor its contractual obligations in the event of pre-retirement death
of a covered officer or director. Certain of the insurance policies owned by the Bank are policies under which the employee s
designated beneficiary is entitled to part of the policy benefits upon the death of the employee. The aggregate cash surrender
value of all policies owned by the Company amounted to 24.5 million and 23.8 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

During 2004, a Deferred Compensation
Stock Plan was established creating a rabbi trust to fund benefit plans for certain officers and directors to acquire shares through
deferred compensation plans. During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, 11,055 and 1,082 shares of the Company s
stock were purchased for 171 thousand and 16 thousand, respectively, at various market prices. 

Employee
Stock Ownership Plan 

In December 2004, the Company established
an Employee Stock Ownership Plan ESOP covering all eligible employees as defined by the ESOP. The ESOP is a tax-qualified
plan designed to invest primarily in the Company s common stock that provides employees with the opportunity to receive a
funded retirement benefit based primarily on the value of the Company s common stock. 

To purchase the Company s
common stock in December 2004, the ESOP borrowed 3.4 million from the Company to purchase 343,499 shares of the Company s
common stock in the initial public offering. The ESOP loan is being repaid principally from the Bank's contributions to the ESOP
over a period of up to 15 years. Dividends declared on common stock held by the ESOP and not allocated to the account of a participant
can be used to repay the loan. The number of shares released annually is based upon the ratio that the current principal and interest
payment bears to the current and all remaining scheduled future principal and interest payments. 

In December 2009, the ESOP borrowed
an additional 2.3 million from the Company to purchase 282,611 shares of the Company s common stock in its second step offering.
The ESOP loan is being repaid principally from the Bank's contributions to the ESOP over a period of up to 20 years. Dividends
declared on common stock held by the ESOP and not allocated to the account of a participant can be used to repay the loan. The
number of shares released annually is based upon the ratio that the current principal and interest payment bears to the current
and all remaining scheduled future principal and interest payments. 

During the years ended December
31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company annually released 34,267 shares and recorded an expense related to this plan of approximately
 523 thousand, 487 thousand and 498 thousand, respectively. 

86 

All shares that have not been released
for allocation to participants are held in a suspense account by the ESOP for future allocation as the loans are repaid. Unallocated
common stock purchased by the ESOP is recorded as a reduction of stockholders' equity at cost. At December 31, 2015, the ESOP had
258,233 unallocated shares remaining. 

Stocks Options 

A summary of the status of the
Company s stock options under the Equity Plans as of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and changes during the periods ended
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 are presented below. 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 2015 
 December 31, 2014 
 December 31, 2013 

Number of shares 
 Weighted average exercise price 
 Number of shares 
 Weighted average exercise price 
 Number of shares 
 Weighted average exercise price 
 
 Outstanding at the beginning of the period 
 674,391 
 12.15 
 680,200 
 12.14 
 649,313 
 11.50 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 66,300 
 14.14 
 
 Exercised 
 (290,090 
 13.06 
 (5,809 
 11.49 
 (35,413 
 12.30 
 
 Forfeited 
 (3,894 
 11.69 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at the end of the period 
 380,407 
 11.46 
 674,391 
 12.15 
 680,200 
 12.14 

Exercisable at the end of the period 
 322,993 
 11.09 
 541,222 
 12.12 
 471,686 
 12.24 

Stock options vested or expected to vest (1) 
 290,693 
 11.09 

(1) Includes vested shares and
nonvested shares after a forfeiture rate, which is based upon historical data, is applied. 

There were no options granted in
2015 and 2014. The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted for the year ended December 31, 2013 2.56 per share.
Options exercised in 2015 totaled 290,090 shares at an average price of 13.09 as compared to 5,809 shares in 2014 at an average
price of 11.49 as compared to 35,413 shares in 2013 at an average exercise price of 12.30. The aggregate intrinsic value of options
outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was 2.0 million, 1.2 million, and 670 thousand, respectively. 

The following table summarizes
all stock options outstanding under the Equity Plan as of December 31, 2015: 

Options Outstanding 
 
 Date Issued 
 Number of Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life 

(in years) 
 
 November 21, 2006 
 14,506 
 14.78 
 0.9 
 
 November 20, 2007 
 17,274 
 11.32 
 1.9 
 
 August 18, 2010 
 208,239 
 10.21 
 4.6 
 
 March 15, 2011 
 13,600 
 12.06 
 5.2 
 
 August 17, 2011 
 44,898 
 11.53 
 5.6 
 
 November 19, 2012 
 17,100 
 13.10 
 6.9 
 
 November 19, 2013 
 64,790 
 14.14 
 7.9 
 
 Total 
 380,407 
 11.46 
 5.2 

87 

At December 31, 2015, there was 253 thousand of
total unrecognized compensation cost related to options granted under the stock option plans. That cost is expected to be recognized
over a weighted average period of 1.6 years. 

The compensation expense recognized for the period
ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was 175 thousand, 184 thousand and 155 thousand, respectively. 

Summary of Non-vested Stock Award
activity: 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 2015 
 December 31, 2014 
 December 31, 2013 

Number of shares 
 Weighted average exercise price 
 Number of shares 
 Weighted average exercise price 
 Number of shares 
 Weighted average exercise price 
 
 Outstanding at the beginning of the period 
 54,950 
 10.74 
 83,290 
 10.99 
 60,390 
 10.33 
 
 Issued 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 42,700 
 14.14 
 
 Vested 
 28,340 
 11.46 
 28,340 
 11.46 
 19,800 
 10.30 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at the end of the period 
 26,610 
 14.06 
 54,950 
 10.74 
 83,290 
 10.99 

As of December 31, 2015, there was 350 thousand
of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested stock awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted
average period of 2.9 years. 

The compensation expense recognized for the period
ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was 241 thousand, 325 thousand and 218 thousand, respectively. 

14. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT 

In accordance with FASB ASC 825-10-50-10, 
 the Company is required to disclose the fair value of financial instruments. The fair value of a financial instrument is
the current amount that would be exchanged between willing parties, other than in a distressed sale. Fair value is best determined
using observable market prices; however for many of the Company s financial instruments no quoted market prices are readily
available. In instances where quoted market prices are not readily available, fair value is determined using present value or other
techniques appropriate for the particular instrument. These techniques involve some degree of judgment and as a result are not
necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company would realize in a current market exchange. Different assumptions or estimation
techniques may have a material effect on the estimated fair value. 

FASB ASC 820 describes three levels of
inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 - Observable inputs other than Level 1
prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that
are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported
by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities
include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques,
as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. 

The Company s assessment of the significance
of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset
or liability. 

88 

Those assets as of December 31, 2015 which will continue
to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis are as follows: 

Category Used for Fair Value Measurement 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Assets: 

Securities available for sale: 

U.S. Government sponsored entity mortgage-backed securities 
 - 
 92,982 
 - 
 
 U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
 - 
 10,040 
 - 
 
 Corporate securities 
 - 
 8,844 
 - 
 
 Equity securities 
 42 
 - 
 - 
 
 Totals 
 42 
 111,866 
 - 

Those assets as of December
31, 2014 which will continue to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis are as follows: 

Category Used for Fair Value Measurement 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Assets: 

Securities available for sale: 

U.S. Government sponsored entity mortgage-backed securities 
 - 
 80,258 
 - 
 
 U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
 - 
 20,991 
 - 
 
 Corporate securities 
 - 
 8,839 
 - 
 
 Equity securities 
 28 
 - 
 - 
 
 Totals 
 28 
 110,088 
 - 

In accordance with the fair value measurement and
disclosures topic of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification management assessed whether the volume and level of activity for
certain assets have significantly decreased when compared with normal market conditions. The Company concluded that there was not
a significant decrease in the volume and level of activity with respect to certain investments included in the corporate debt
securities and classified as level 2 in accordance with the framework for fair value measurements. Fair value for such securities
is obtained from third party broker quotes. The Company evaluated these values to determine that the quoted price is based on current
information that reflects orderly transactions or a valuation technique that reflects market participant assumptions by benchmarking
the valuation results and assumptions used against similar securities that are more actively traded in order to assess the reasonableness
of the estimated fair values. The fair market value estimates we assign to these securities assume liquidation in an orderly fashion
and not under distressed circumstances. 

Certain assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring
basis; that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in
certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). The Company measures impaired loans, FHLB stock and
loans or bank properties transferred into other real estate owned at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 

89 

Summary of Non-Recurring
Fair Value Measurements 

Category Used for Fair Value Measurement 

Total 

Total 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 (Losses) 
 
 December 31, 2015 

Assets: 

Impaired loans 
 3,852 
 - 
 1,282 
 2,570 
 (166 
 
 Real estate owned 
 1,714 
 - 
 1,714 
 - 
 (451 

December 31, 2014 

Assets: 

Impaired loans 
 5,640 
 - 
 3,294 
 2,346 
 (735 
 
 Real estate owned 
 510 
 - 
 510 
 - 
 (122 

Impaired Loans 

The Company considers a loan to be impaired when
it becomes probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms of the
loan agreement. Under FASB ASC 310, collateral dependent impaired loans are valued based on the fair value of the collateral, which
is based on appraisals, less cost to sell. These adjustments are based upon observable inputs, and therefore, the fair value measurement
has been categorized as a level 2 measurement. In some cases, adjustments are made to the appraised values for various factors,
including age of the appraisal, age of the comparables included in the appraisal, and known changes in the market and in the collateral.
These adjustments are based upon unobservable inputs, and therefore, the fair value measurement has been categorized as a Level
3 measurement. Total loans remeasured at fair value for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 were 3.9 million. Such
loans were carried at the value of 4.0 million immediately prior to remeasurement, resulting in the recognition of impairment
through earnings in the amount of 166 thousand. Total loans remeasured at fair value for the twelve months ended December 31,
2014 were 5.6 million. Such loans were carried at the value of 6.4 million immediately prior to remeasurement, resulting in the
recognition of impairment through earnings in the amount of 735 thousand. 

Real Estate Owned 

Once an asset is determined to be uncollectible,
the underlying collateral is repossessed and reclassified to foreclosed real estate and repossessed assets. These assets are carried
at lower of cost or fair value of the collateral, less cost to sell. These adjustments are based upon observable inputs, and therefore,
the fair value measurement has been categorized as a Level 2 measurement. In some cases, adjustments are made to the appraised
values for various factors, including age of the appraisal, age of the comparables included in the appraisal, and known changes
in the market and in the collateral. These adjustments are based upon unobservable inputs, and therefore, the fair value measurement
would be categorized as a Level 3 measurement. Total real estate owned remeasured at fair value for the twelve months ended December
31, 2015 was 2.2 million, of which 447 thousand was sold. These properties were carried at the value of 2.2 million immediately
prior to remeasurement, resulting in the recognition of impairment through earnings in the amount of 451 thousand. Total real
estate owned remeasured at fair value for the twelve months ended December 31, 2014 was 872 thousand, of which 362 thousand was
sold. These properties were carried at the value of 632 thousand immediately prior to remeasurement, resulting in the recognition
of impairment through earnings in the amount of 122 thousand. 

90 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

December 31, 2015 

Carrying 
 Category Used for Fair Value 

Amount 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 87,710 
 87,710 
 - 
 - 
 
 Investment securities: 

Held to maturity 
 1,084 
 - 
 1,137 
 - 
 
 Available for sale 
 111,908 
 42 
 111,866 
 - 
 
 Loans receivable, net 
 783,948 
 - 
 793,597 
 - 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 
 5,864 
 - 
 5,864 
 - 

Liabilities: 

NOW and other demand deposit accounts 
 457,488 
 - 
 476,186 
 - 
 
 Passbook savings and club accounts 
 174,640 
 - 
 183,352 
 - 
 
 Certificates 
 179,905 
 - 
 180,624 
 - 
 
 Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank 
 105,000 
 - 
 111,315 
 - 

December 31, 2014 

Carrying 
 Category Used for Fair Value 

Amount 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 80,307 
 80,307 
 - 
 - 
 
 Investment securities: 

Held to maturity 
 1,201 
 - 
 1,278 
 - 
 
 Available for sale 
 110,116 
 28 
 110,088 
 - 
 
 Loans receivable, net 
 774,017 
 - 
 791,095 
 - 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 
 6,039 
 - 
 6,039 
 - 

Liabilities: 

NOW and other demand deposit accounts 
 439,623 
 - 
 458,328 
 - 
 
 Passbook savings and club accounts 
 168,686 
 - 
 168,893 
 - 
 
 Certificates 
 178,769 
 - 
 179,224 
 - 
 
 Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank 
 110,000 
 - 
 118,777 
 - 
 
 Junior subordinated debenture 
 7,217 
 - 
 7,217 
 - 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
For cash and cash equivalents, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Investment and Mortgage-Backed
Securities For investment securities, fair values are based on a combination of quoted prices for identical assets
in active markets, quoted prices for similar assets in markets that are either actively or not actively traded and pricing models,
discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques that may contain unobservable inputs that are supported by little or
no market activity and require significant judgment. For investment securities that do not actively trade in the marketplace, (primarily
our investment in trust preferred securities of non-publicly traded companies) fair value is obtained from third party broker quotes.
The Company evaluates prices from a third party pricing service, third party broker quotes, and from another independent third
party valuation source to determine their estimated fair value. These quotes are benchmarked against similar securities that are
more actively traded in order to assess the reasonableness of the estimated fair values. The fair market value estimates we assign
to these securities assume liquidation in an orderly fashion and not under distressed circumstances. For securities classified
as available for sale the changes in fair value are reflected in the carrying value of the asset and are shown as a separate component
of stockholders equity. 

Loans Receivable - Net 
 The fair value of loans receivable is estimated based on the present value using discounted cash flows based on estimated
market discount rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers and reflect similar credit ratings and interest rate risk
for the same remaining maturities. 

91 

Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB)
Stock Although FHLB stock is an equity interest in an FHLB, it is carried at cost because it does not have a readily
determinable fair value as its ownership is restricted and it lacks a market. While certain conditions are noted that required
management to evaluate the stock for impairment, it is currently probable that the Company will realize its cost basis. Management
concluded that no impairment existed as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. The estimated fair value approximates the carrying amount. 

NOW and Other Demand Deposit,
Passbook Savings and Club, and Certificates Accounts The fair value of NOW and other demand deposit accounts
and passbook savings and club accounts is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair value of certificates is
estimated by discounting future cash flows using interest rates currently offered on certificates with similar remaining maturities. 

Advances from FHLB The
fair value was estimated by determining the cost or benefit for early termination of each individual borrowing. 

Junior Subordinated Debenture The
fair value was estimated by discounting approximate cash flows of the borrowings by yields estimating the fair value of similar
issues. 

Commitments to Extend Credit
and Letters of Credit The majority of the Bank s commitments to extend credit and letters of credit carry current
market interest rates if converted to loans. Because commitments to extend credit and letters of credit are generally unassignable
by either the Bank or the borrower, they only have value to the Bank and the borrower. The estimated fair value approximates the
recorded deferred fee amounts, which are not significant. 

The fair value estimates presented
herein are based on pertinent information available to management as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. Although management is not
aware of any factors that would significantly affect the fair value amounts, such amounts have not been comprehensively revalued
for purposes of these consolidated financial statements since December 31, 2015 and 2014, and, therefore, current estimates of
fair value may differ significantly from the amounts presented herein. 

15. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

Goodwill totaled 4.6 million at December 31, 2015
as compared to 4.6 million at December 31, 2014. The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of August 1, 2015
and concluded that goodwill was not impaired. At December 31, 2015, no triggering events have occurred from the date of impairment
test that would have impaired goodwill. 

The core deposit intangible totaled 440 thousand
at December 31, 2015 as compared to 536 thousand at December 31, 2014. The core deposit intangible is being amortized over its
estimated useful life of approximately 15 years from August 1, 2011. 

16. REAL ESTATE OWNED 

Summary of Real Estate Owned Activity: 

2015 
 2014 

Residential Property 
 Commercial Property 
 Total 
 Residential Property 
 Commercial Property 
 Total 
 
 Balance, January 1, 
 609 
 41 
 650 
 296 
 202 
 498 
 
 Transfers into Real Estate Owned 
 1,931 
 195 
 2,126 
 872 
 - 
 872 
 
 Valuation adjustment on Real Estate Owned 
 (59 
 - 
 (59 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sales of Real Estate Owned 
 (708 
 (195 
 (903 
 (559 
 (161 
 (720 
 
 Balance, December 31, 
 1,773 
 41 
 1,814 
 609 
 41 
 650 

92 

17. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION 

The Company obtains legal services from McCrosson
and Stanton, PC, a law firm located in Ocean City, NJ. Dorothy F. McCrosson, a Director of the Company since January 2011,
is Managing Partner at McCrosson and Stanton, PC. Legal fees paid to McCrosson and Stanton, PC were 160 thousand,
 156 thousand and 172 thousand during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

18. PARENT ONLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

The following are the condensed
financial statements for Ocean Shore Holding Co. (Parent company): 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
- PARENT ONLY 

December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 
 Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 3,991 
 2,380 
 
 Investment securities 
 1,269 
 1,451 
 
 Investment in subsidiary 
 102,486 
 103,518 
 
 Other assets 
 4,053 
 5,792 
 
 Total assets 
 111,799 
 113,141 

Liabilities: 

Junior subordinated debenture 
 - 
 7,217 
 
 Other liabilities 
 10 
 113 
 
 Total liabilities 
 10 
 7,330 
 
 Stockholders' equity 
 111,789 
 105,811 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 111,799 
 113,141 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
- PARENT ONLY 

Years Ended December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 
 Interest income 
 198 
 318 
 419 
 
 Interest expense 
 410 
 804 
 1,192 
 
 Net interest loss 
 (212 
 (486 
 (773 
 
 Other Income 
 3 
 94 
 7 
 
 Other expenses 
 252 
 226 
 271 
 
 Loss before income tax benefit and equity in undistributed earnings in subsidiary 
 (461 
 (618 
 (1,037 
 
 Income tax 
 (157 
 (210 
 (351 
 
 Loss before equity in undistributed earnings in subsidiary 
 (304 
 (408 
 (686 
 
 Dividends distributed from subsidiary 
 9,000 
 9,000 
 6,000 
 
 Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary 
 (1,828 
 (2,294 
 35 
 
 Net income 
 6,868 
 6,298 
 5,349 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

Unrealized gain (loss) on available for sale securities 
 27 
 1,375 
 (2,761 
 
 Unrealized (loss) gain on post retirement life benefit 
 37 
 (159 
 138 
 
 Total other comprehensive
 income, net of tax 
 64 
 1,216 
 (2,623 
 
 Total comprehensive income 
 6,932 
 7,514 
 2,726 

93 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - PARENT ONLY 

Years Ended December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 
 6,868 
 6,298 
 5,349 
 
 Equity in undistributed earnings in subsidiary 
 (7,173 
 (6,706 
 (6,035 
 
 Net amortization of investment premiums/discounts 
 3 
 127 
 4 
 
 Gain on sale/call of investment securities available for sale 
 (3 
 (95 
 - 
 
 Dividends from subsidiary 
 9,000 
 9,000 
 6,000 
 
 Premium paid on redemption of junior subordinated debt 
 94 
 54 
 - 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities which provided (used) cash: 

Accrued interest receivable 
 9 
 40 
 10 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 1,401 
 (427 
 86 
 
 Other liabilities 
 (112 
 (127 
 (204 
 
 Intercompany payables 
 9 
 (235 
 413 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 10,096 
 7,929 
 5,623 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Principal repayment of mortgage backed securities held to maturity 
 99 
 134 
 248 
 
 Principal repayment of mortgage backed securities available for sale 
 - 
 75 
 444 
 
 Principal payments on ESOP loan 
 357 
 342 
 326 
 
 Proceeds from sale/call of investment securities available for sale 
 217 
 2,383 
 155 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 673 
 2,934 
 1,173 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of treasury stock 
 (3,608 
 (7,473 
 (966 
 
 Proceeds from stock options exercised 
 3,275 
 67 
 436 
 
 Dividends paid 
 (1,514 
 (1,616 
 (1,667 
 
 Redemption of junior subordinated debt 
 (7,311 
 (3,146 
 (5,155 
 
 Net cash (used in) financing activities 
 (9,158 
 (12,168 
 (7,352 

Net increase (decrease) in cash cash equivalents 
 1,611 
 (1,305 
 (556 

Cash and cash equivalents - beginning 
 2,380 
 3,685 
 4,241 

Cash and cash equivalents - ending 
 3,991 
 2,380 
 3,685 

94 

19. QUARTERLY
FINANCIAL DATA (unaudited) 

Quarter Ended 

March 31, 
 June 30, 
 September 30, 
 December 31, 

2015 
 2015 
 2015 
 2015 

Total interest income 
 8,787 
 8,764 
 8,777 
 8,822 
 
 Total interest expense 
 1,695 
 1,708 
 1,685 
 1,608 

Net interest income 
 7,092 
 7,056 
 7,092 
 7,214 
 
 Provision for loan losses 
 153 
 178 
 165 
 192 
 
 Net interest income after provision for loan losses 
 6,939 
 6,878 
 6,927 
 7,022 

Other income 
 1,049 
 1,133 
 1,122 
 1,086 
 
 Other expense 
 5,442 
 5,373 
 5,536 
 5,539 

Income before income taxes 
 2,546 
 2,638 
 2,513 
 2,569 
 
 Income taxes 
 833 
 899 
 844 
 821 

Net income 
 1,713 
 1,739 
 1,669 
 1,748 

Earnings per share basic (1) 
 0.29 
 0.29 
 0.28 
 0.29 
 
 Earnings per share diluted (1) 
 0.28 
 0.29 
 0.27 
 0.28 

(1) Earnings per share are computed independently
for each period presented. 

 Consequently, the sum of the quarters may not equal
the total earnings per share for the year. 

Quarter Ended 

March 31, 
 June 30, 
 September 30, 
 December 31, 

2014 
 2014 
 2014 
 2014 

Total interest income 
 8,871 
 8,793 
 8,855 
 8,847 
 
 Total interest expense 
 1,911 
 1,908 
 1,897 
 1,850 

Net interest income 
 6,960 
 6,885 
 6,958 
 6,997 
 
 Provision for loan losses 
 88 
 50 
 125 
 200 
 
 Net interest income after provision for loan losses 
 6,872 
 6,835 
 6,833 
 6,797 

Other income 
 1,006 
 1,086 
 1,102 
 1,052 
 
 Other expense 
 5,446 
 5,530 
 5,451 
 5,337 

Income before income taxes 
 2,432 
 2,391 
 2,484 
 2,512 
 
 Income taxes 
 845 
 859 
 904 
 914 

Net income 
 1,587 
 1,532 
 1,580 
 1,598 

Earnings per share basic (1) 
 0.25 
 0.24 
 0.25 
 0.26 
 
 Earnings per share diluted (1) 
 0.24 
 0.24 
 0.25 
 0.26 

(1) Earnings per share are computed independently for each period
presented. 

 Consequently, the sum of the quarters may not equal the total
earnings per share for the year. 

95 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company s management, including
the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s
 disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based upon their evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures were effective. 

(b) Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

Management s annual report on internal
control over financial reporting is located on page 52 of this Form 10-K. 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm is located on pages 53 and 54 of this Form 10-K. 

(c) Changes to Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2015 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information relating to the directors
and officers of Ocean Shore Holding, information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and information regarding
the audit committee and audit committee financial expert is incorporated herein by reference to Ocean Shore Holding s Proxy
Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and to Part I, Item 1, Business Executive Officers of the
Registrant to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Ocean Shore Holding has adopted a code
of ethics that applies to its principal executive officer, the principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The
code of ethics is available under Governance Documents in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ochome.com. See
Exhibit 14.0 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information regarding executive compensation
is incorporated herein by reference to Ocean Shore Holding s Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

96 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS 

(a) Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 

Information required by this item is incorporated
herein by reference to the section captioned Stock Ownership in Ocean Shore Holding s Proxy Statement for the
2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

(b) Security Ownership of Management 

Information required by this item is incorporated
herein by reference to the section captioned Stock Ownership in Ocean Shore Holding s Proxy Statement for the
2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

(c) Changes in Control 

Management of Ocean Shore Holding knows
of no arrangements, including any pledge by any person or securities of Ocean Shore Holding, the operation of which may at a subsequent
date result in a change in control of the registrant. 

(d) Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table sets forth information
as of December 31, 2015 about Company common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options under the Company s equity
incentive plans. The plans were approved by the Company s stockholders. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon the exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 380,407 
 11.46 
 3,894 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 380,407 
 11.46 
 3,894 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information relating to certain relationships
and related transactions and director independence is incorporated herein by reference to Ocean Shore Holding s Proxy Statement
for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT
FEES AND SERVICES 

The information relating to the principal
accountant fees and expenses is incorporated herein by reference to Ocean Shore Holding s Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders. 

97 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(1) The financial statements required in response to this item are incorporated by reference from Item 8 of this report. 

(2) All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not required or applicable, or the required information is shown
in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(3) Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporated by Reference to: 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Ocean Shore Holding Co. 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-153454), as amended, initially filed on September 12, 2008. 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Ocean Shore Holding Co. 
 
 Exhibit 3.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-153454), as amended, initially filed on September 12, 2008. 

4.1 
 
 No long-term debt instrument issued by Ocean Shore Holding Co. exceeds 10 of consolidated assets or is registered. In accordance with paragraph 4(iii) of Item 601(b) of Regulation S-K, Ocean Shore Holding Co. will furnish the Securities and Exchange Commission copies of long-term debt instruments and related agreements upon request 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Ocean Shore Holding Co., Ocean City Home Bank and Steven E. Brady 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, SEC File No. 000-53856 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Ocean City Home Bank and Steven E. Brady 
 
 Exhibit 10.0 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, SEC File No. 000-51000. 

10.3 
 
 Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Ocean City Home Bank and Kim M. Davidson and all amendments thereto 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 22, 2010, SEC File No. 000-53856. 

10.4 
 
 Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Ocean City Home Bank and Anthony J. Rizzotte and all amendments thereto 
 
 Exhibit 10.9 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-118597), as amended, initially filed on August 27, 2004. 

10.5 
 
 Split Dollar Life Insurance Agreement by and between Ocean City Home Bank and Steven E. Brady 
 
 Exhibit 10.10 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-118597), as amended, initially filed on August 27, 2004. 

10.6 
 
 Split Dollar Life Insurance Agreement by and between Ocean City Home Bank and Kim M. Davidson 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on April 22, 2010, SEC File No. 000-53856. 

98 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporated by Reference to: 

10.7 
 
 Split Dollar Life Insurance Agreement by and between Ocean City Home Bank and Anthony J. Rizzotte 
 
 Exhibit 10.11 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-118597), as amended, initially filed on August 27, 2004. 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement by and between Ocean City Home Bank and Anthony J. Rizzotte 
 
 Exhibit 10.6 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 000-51000. 

10.9 
 
 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement by and between Ocean City Home Bank and Donald Morgenweck 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2015, SEC File No. 000-53856. 

10.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement by and between Ocean City Home Bank and Kim M. Davidson 
 
 Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 000-51000. 

10.11 
 
 Change in Control Agreement by and between Ocean City Home Bank and Janet Bossi 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2012, SEC File No. 000-53856. 

10.12 
 
 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement by and between Ocean City Home Bank and Paul Esposito 
 
 Exhibit 10.10 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 000-51000. 

10.13 
 
 Amended and Restated Ocean City Home Bank Directors Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 Exhibit 10.11 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 000-51000. 

10.14 
 
 Amended and Restated Ocean City Home Bank Director and Executive Life Insurance Plan 

10.15 
 
 Amended and Restated Ocean City Home Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 
 Exhibit 10.13 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 000-51000. 

10.16 
 
 Amended and Restated Ocean City Home Bank Change in Control Severance Compensation Plan 
 
 Exhibit 10.14 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 000-51000. 

10.17 
 
 Ocean City Home Bank Stock-Based Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended 
 
 Exhibit 10.15 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 000-51000. 

10.18 
 
 Ocean Shore Holding Co. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Appendix A to definitive Proxy Statement filed on June 7, 2005, SEC File No. 000-51000. 

10.19 
 
 Ocean Shore Holding Co. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Appendix A to definitive Proxy Statement filed on May 19, 2010, SEC File No. 000-51000. 

10.20 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement, Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Award Agreement, and Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement for the Ocean Shore Holding Co. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Exhibit 10 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-121595) filed on August 15, 2005. 

10.21 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement 
 
 Exhibit 99.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-168525) filed on August 4, 2010. 

99 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporated by Reference to: 

10.22 
 
 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Award Agreement 
 
 Exhibit 99.3 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-168525) filed on August 4, 2010). 

10.23 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement 
 
 Exhibit 99.4 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-168525) filed on August 4, 2010. 

10.24 
 
 Supplemental Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Ocean City Home Bank and Steven E. Brady 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed January 31, 2014, SEC File No. 000-53856. 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries 

23 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

32 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

101.0 
 
 The following materials from the Ocean Shore Holding Co. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (iv) the notes to the Consolidated Statements. 

Management contract or compensatory
plan, contract or arrangement. 

100 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

OCEAN SHORE HOLDING CO. 

Date: March 11, 2016 
 By: 
 /s/ Steven E. Brady 

Steven E. Brady 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Steven E. Brady 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 11, 2016 
 
 Steven E. Brady 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/
 Donald F. Morgenweck 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
 Officer 
 
 March 11, 2016 
 
 Donald F. Morgenweck 
 
 (principal accounting and financial
 officer) 

/s/
 Frederick G. Dalzell, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 11, 2016 
 
 Frederick G. Dalzell, M.D. 

/s/
 Christopher J. Ford 
 
 Director 
 
 March 11, 2016 
 
 Christopher J. Ford 

/s/
 Dorothy F. McCrosson, Esq 
 
 Director 
 
 March 11, 2016 
 
 Dorothy F. McCrosson, Esq. 

/s/
 Robert A. Previti, Ed.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 11, 2016 
 
 Robert A. Previti, Ed.D. 

/s/
 John L. Van Duyne, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 11, 2016 
 
 John L. Van Duyne, Jr. 

/s/ Samuel R. Young 
 
 Director 
 
 March 11, 2016 
 
 Samuel R. Young 

101 

<EX-10.14>
 2
 v433276_ex10-14.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.14

Exhibit 10.14 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

 OCEAN CITY HOME BANK 

 DIRECTOR AND EXECUTIVE LIFE INSURANCE
PLAN 

INTRODUCTION 

Ocean City Home Bank (the Bank wishes to attract and retain highly qualified officers and directors. To further this objective, the Bank is willing to divide
the death proceeds of certain life insurance policies which are owned by the Bank on the lives of the participating officers and
directors with their designated beneficiaries. 

Article 1 

 Definitions 

Whenever used in this Plan, the following
terms shall have the meanings specified: 

Average Annual Bonus means
the average of the cash bonuses received by a Participant in each of the three completed calendar years preceding the first to
occur of the Participant s death or termination of employment with the Bank. 

Base Annual Salary 
means the rate of base annual salary of the Participant at the earliest of (1) the date of the Participant s death; (2) the
date of the Participant s Disability; (3) the date the Participant s employment with the Bank terminates within two
years after a Change in Control (except for Termination for Cause); (4) the date of the Participant s termination of employment
on or after attaining Early Retirement Age; or (5) the Participant s Normal Retirement Date. 

Change in Control means
any of the following: 

(i) there occurs a change in control of the
Bank, as defined or determined either by the Bank s primary banking regulator or under regulations promulgated by it. 

(ii) as a result of, or in connection with, any merger or
other business combination, sale of assets or contested election, wherein the persons who were Directors of the Bank before such
transaction or event cease to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of the Bank or any successor to the Bank. 

(iii) the Bank transfers substantially all of its assets
to another corporation or entity which is not an affiliate of the Bank. 

(iv) the Bank is merged or consolidated with another corporation
or entity and, as a result of such merger or consolidation, less than 60 of the equity interest in the surviving or resulting
corporation is owned by the former shareholders or depositors of the Bank. 

Director means a non-employee
member of the Board of Directors of the Bank. 

Disability means the
Participant s suffering a sickness, accident or injury which has been determined by the carrier of any individual or group
disability insurance policy covering the Participant, or by the Social Security Administration, to be a disability rendering the
Participant totally and permanently disabled. The Participant must submit proof to the Bank of the carrier s or Social Security
Administration s determination upon the request of the Bank. 

Early Retirement Age 
means the Participant has attained an age such that the sum of the Participant s age and Years of Service (rounded up to
the next full year) at termination totals at least 60. 

Insured means the individual
whose life is insured. 

Insurer means the insurance
company issuing the life insurance policy on the life of the Insured. 

Normal Retirement Age means
the Participant attaining age 60. 

Normal Retirement Date 
means the later of the Normal Retirement Age or the date that the Participant terminates or is terminated for any reason other
than Termination for Cause. 

Participant means an
officer of the Bank or a Director who is designated as a Participant in Appendix A to the Plan and elects in writing to participate
in the Plan using the form attached hereto as Appendix B, and by signing a split dollar endorsement for the Policy under which
he or she is the Insured. A Participant who is an officer shall be identified as a Tier 1 or Tier 2 Participant at the time of
designation. 

Policy or Policies 
means the individual insurance policy or policies acquired by the Bank for purposes of insuring a Participant s life under
this Plan. 

Plan means this Ocean
City Home Bank Director and Executive Life Insurance Plan. 

Terminated for Cause 
or Termination for Cause shall mean termination because of personal dishonesty, incompetence, willful misconduct,
breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit, intentional failure to perform stated duties, willful violation of any law,
rule or regulation (other than traffic violations or similar infractions) or a final cease-and-desist order. 

Years of Service means
the total number of twelve-month periods during which the Participant serves as an employee of the Bank. 

Article 2 

 Participation 

2.1 Participation . A Participant may commence
participation in this Plan by executing an Election to Participate and a split dollar endorsement for each Policy. The split dollar
endorsement shall bind the Participant and his or her beneficiaries, assigns and transferees, to the terms and conditions of this
Plan. 

2 

2.2 Termination
of Participation . In the case of a Participant who is an officer of the Bank, a Participant s rights under this
Plan shall cease and his or her participation in this Plan shall terminate if any of the following events occur: 

(a) If the Participant is Terminated for Cause; 

(b) If the Participant s employment is terminated
prior to his Early Retirement Age for reasons other than Disability or following a Change in Control; or 

(c) If the Participant terminates employment due to Disability
and thereafter becomes gainfully employed with an entity other than the Bank. 

In
the case of a Participant who is a Director, participation shall terminate only upon Termination for Cause. 

In the event that the Bank decides to maintain
the Policy after the Participant s termination of participation in the Plan, the Bank shall be the direct beneficiary of
the entire death proceeds of the Policy. 

2.3 Maintaining the Policy and Endorsement until
Death . If any of the events listed below occur, the Bank shall maintain the Policy in full force and effect and, in no
event shall the Bank amend, terminate or otherwise abrogate the Participant s interest in the Policy, unless the Participant
agrees pursuant to Section 8.1. The Bank may replace the Policy with a comparable insurance policy to cover the benefit provided
under this Agreement if the Bank and Participant execute a new split dollar policy endorsement for a comparable benefit. 

(a) Disability . If the Participant s employment
is terminated due to Disability, except as set forth in section 2.2(c) herein. 

(b) Retirement . If the Participant s employment
is terminated on or after Normal or Early Retirement Age (except for Termination for Cause). 

(c) Change in Control . If the Participant s
employment terminates within two years after a Change in Control (except for Termination for Cause). 

Article 3 

 Policy Ownership/Interests 

3.1 Participant s Interest . With respect
to each Policy, the Participant or the Participant s assignee shall have the right to designate the beneficiary of one of
the following death benefits: 

3 

(a) If a Participant who is an officer of the Bank dies
while actively employed by the Bank, the death benefit shall equal the following: (i) in the case of a Tier 1 Participant, three
(3) times the sum of the Participant s Base Annual Salary and Average Annual Bonus, less any Bank-sponsored group term life
insurance benefit payable at the time of the Participant s death or (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Participant, (3) times the
Participant s Base Annual Salary, less any Bank-sponsored group term life insurance benefit payable at the time of the Participant s
death. 

(b) If a Participant who was an officer of the Bank dies
following termination of employment with the Bank when the Participant is entitled to a post-termination benefit under Section
2.3 hereof, the Participant s death benefit shall equal the following: (i) in the case of a Tier 1 Participant, three (3)
times the sum of the Participant s Base Annual Salary and Average Annual Bonus, or (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Participant,
two (2) times the Participant s Base Annual Salary. 

(c) In the case of a Participant who is a Director, the
death benefit shall be 50,000. 

The
Participant shall also have the right to elect and change settlement options with the consent of the Bank and the Insurer to the
extent of the Participant s death benefits. 

3.2 Bank s Interest . Except to the extent
provided in Section 2.3, the Bank shall own the Policies and shall have the right to exercise all incidents of ownership except
that the Bank shall not sell, surrender or transfer ownership of a Policy so long as a Participant has an interest in the Policy.
With respect to each Policy, the Bank shall be the direct beneficiary of the remaining death proceeds of the Policy after the
Participant s interest is determined according to section 3.1. 

Article 4 

 Premiums 

4.1 Premium Payment . The Bank shall pay
all premiums due on all Policies. 

4.2 Imputed Income . The Bank shall annually
impute income to each Participant in the minimum amount required under applicable federal tax law based on the net death benefit
payable to the Participant s beneficiary during the calendar year. 

Article 5 

 Assignment 

Any Participant may assign without consideration
all interests in his or her Policy and in this Plan to any person, entity or trust. In the event a Participant shall transfer all
of his or her interest in the Policy, then all of that Participant s interest in his or her Policy and in the Plan shall
be vested in his or her transferee, who shall be substituted as a party hereunder, and that Participant shall have no further interest
in his or her Policy or in this Plan. 

4 

Article 6 

 Insurer 

The Insurer shall be bound only by the terms
of their corresponding Policy. Any payments the Insurer makes or actions it takes in accordance with a Policy shall fully discharge
it from all claims, suits and demands of all persons relating to that Policy. The Insurer shall not be bound by the provisions
of this Plan. The Insurer shall have the right to rely on the Bank s representations with regard to any definitions, interpretations,
or Policy interests as specified under this Plan. 

Article 7 

 Administration and Claim 

Section
7.1 Administration . 

The administration of the Plan, the exclusive
power to interpret it, and the responsibility for carrying out its provisions are vested in the Board, which may, at any time,
by resolution of the Board, delegate such functions to a committee of the Board. The Board shall have the authority to resolve
any question under the Plan. The determination of the Board as to the interpretation of the Plan or any disputed question shall
be conclusive and final to the extent permitted by applicable law. 

Section
7.2 Claims Procedures . 

(a) Claims for benefits under the Plan shall be submitted
in writing to the Chairman of the Board. 

(b) If any claim for benefits is wholly or partially denied,
the claimant shall be given written notice within a reasonable period following the date on which the claim is filed, which notice
shall set forth: 

(i) the specific reason or reasons for the denial; 

(ii) specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on
which the denial is based; 

(iii) a description of any additional material or information
necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary; and 

(iv) an explanation of the Plan s claim review procedure. 

If the claim has not been granted and written
notice of the denial of the claim is not furnished in a timely manner following the date on which the claim is filed, the claim
shall be deemed denied for the purpose of proceeding to the claim review procedure. 

5 

(c) The claimant or his authorized representative shall
have 30 days after receipt of written notification of denial of a claim to request a review of the denial by making written request
to the Chairman of the Board, and may review pertinent documents and submit issues and comments in writing within such 30-day
period. 

(d) After receipt of the request for review, the Board
shall, in a timely manner, render and furnish to the claimant a written decision, which shall include specific reasons for the
decision and shall make specific references to pertinent Plan provisions on which it is based. Such decision by the Board shall
not be subject to further review. If a decision on review is not furnished to a claimant, the claim shall be deemed to have been
denied on review. 

(e) No claimant shall institute any action or proceeding
in any state or federal court of law or equity or before any administrative tribunal or arbitrator for a claim for benefits under
the Plan until the claimant has first exhausted the provisions set forth in this section. 

Article 8 

 Amendments and Termination 

8.1 Amendment or Termination of Plan . Except
as otherwise provided in sections 2.3 and 8.2, the Bank may amend or terminate the Plan at any time. 

8.2 Amendment or Termination of Plan Upon Change
in Control . Notwithstanding the provisions of section 8.1, in the event of a Change in Control, the Bank, or its successor,
shall maintain in full force and effect each Policy that is in existence on the date the Change in Control occurs and shall not
terminate or otherwise abrogate a Participant s interest in the Policy. However, the Bank may replace the Policy with a comparable
insurance policy to cover the benefit provided under this Plan to the Participant. This section 8.2 shall apply to all Participants
in the Plan on the date the Change in Control occurs, including but not limited to (i) a retired Participant who has an interest
in a Policy; (ii) a disabled Participant who has an interest in a Policy; and (iii) a Participant whose employment terminates within
two years of a Change in Control. 

Article 9 

 Miscellaneous 

9.1 Binding Effect . This Plan in conjunction
with each split dollar endorsement shall bind each Participant and the Bank, their beneficiaries, survivors, executors, administrators
and transferees and any Policy beneficiary. 

9.2 No Guarantee of Employment . This Plan
is not an employment policy or contract. It does not give a Participant the right to remain an employee of the Bank, nor does it
interfere with the Bank s right to discharge a Participant. It also does not require a Participant to remain an employee
nor interfere with a Participant s right to terminate employment at any time. 

6 

9.3 Applicable Law . The Plan and all rights
hereunder shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of New Jersey, except to the extent preempted by
federal law. 

9.4 Notice . Any notice, consent or demand
required or permitted to be given under the provisions of this Plan by one party to another shall be in writing, shall be signed
by the party giving or making the same, and may be given either by delivering the same to such other party personally, or by mailing
the same, by United States certified mail, postage prepaid, to such party, addressed to his/her last known address as shown in
the records of the Bank. The date of such mailing shall be deemed the date of such mailed notice, consent or demand. 

9.5 Entire Agreement . This Plan constitutes
the entire agreement between the Bank and the Participant as to the subject matter hereof. No rights are granted to the Participants
by virtue of this Plan other than those specifically set forth herein. 

9.6 Designated Fiduciary . For purposes
of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, if applicable, the Bank shall be the named fiduciary and plan administrator
under the Agreement. The named fiduciary may delegate to others certain aspects of the management and operational responsibilities
of the Plan, including the employment of advisors and the delegation of ministerial duties to qualified individuals. 

9.7 Severability . If for any reason any
provision of this Agreement is held invalid such invalidity shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement not held so
invalid, and each such other provision shall, to the full extent consistent with the law, continue in full force and effect. If
any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid in part, such invalidity shall in no way affect the rest of such provision,
not held so invalid, and the rest of such provision, together with all other provisions of this Agreement shall, to the full extent
consistent with the law, continue in full force and effect. 

9.8 Headings . The headings of Sections
herein are included solely for convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of
this Agreement. 

9.9 Effective Date . The original effective
date of the Plan is September 26, 2003. The Plan, as amended and restated, is effective as of March 18, 2015, 

7 

APPENDIX A 

The following list reflects the roster Plan participants
as of the effective date of the Amended and Restated Plan. The roster includes participants who terminated employment or board
service with a post-termination benefit under the plan. 

Directors 

Roy Gillian 

 James Steelman 

 John Van Duyne, Jr. 

 Sylva Bertini 

 Frederick Dalzell 

 Robert Previti 

Tier 1 Officers 

Janet Bossi 

 Steven Brady 

 Kim Davidson 

 Paul Esposito 

 Donald Morgenweck 

 Anthony Rizzotte 

Tier 2 Officers 

Francine Crudo 

 Robert Garfi 

 Linda Interlante 

 Theresa Killian 

 Donna Mason 

 Robert Sobkow 

 Emily Walker 

 James Yensel 

8 

APPENDIX B 

ELECTION TO PARTICIPATE 

I, 
 , hereby elect to become a Participant in the Plan in accordance with Section
2.1 of the Plan. 

Executed this 
day of ,
2015. 

Participant 

Witness 

Accepted by Ocean City Home Bank: 

By: 

9 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-21.0>
 3
 v433276_ex21-0.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.0

Exhibit 21.0 

Subsidiaries 

Registrant Ocean
Shore Holding Co. 

Subsidiaries 
 Percentage Ownership 
 Jurisdiction or State of Incorporation 
 
 OCHB Preferred Corp. 
 100 
 New Jersey 
 
 OCHB Investment Co. 
 100 
 Delaware 
 
 Ocean City Home Bank 
 100 
 United States 
 
 Seashore Financial Services, LLC (1) 
 100 
 New Jersey 

(1) 
 Wholly-owned subsidiary of Ocean City Home Bank. 

</EX-21.0>

<EX-23.0>
 4
 v433276_ex23-0.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.0

Exhibit 23.0 

Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration
Statement Nos. 333-163982, 333-163986, and 333-168525 on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 11, 2016, relating to the consolidated
financial statements of Ocean Shore Holding Co. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of Ocean Shore Holding Co. and subsidiaries 
internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ocean Shore Holding Co. and subsidiaries
for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

 Philadelphia, PA 

March 11, 2016 

</EX-23.0>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 v433276_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of
Chief Executive Officer 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Steven E. Brady certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Ocean Shore Holding Co.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as the end of the period covered by this annual
report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 11, 2016 
 /s/ Steven E. Brady 

Steven E. Brady 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 v433276_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of
Chief Financial Officer 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Donald F. Morgenweck certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Ocean Shore Holding Co.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as the end of the period covered by this annual
report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 11, 2016 
 /s/ Donald F. Morgenweck 

Donald F. Morgenweck 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.0>
 7
 v433276_ex32-0.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.0

Exhibit 32.0 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADDED BY 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of
Ocean Shore Holding Co. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added
by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

/s/ Steven E. Brady 

Steven E. Brady 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Donald F. Morgenweck 

Donald F. Morgenweck 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

March 11, 2016 

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 oshc-20151231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 oshc-20151231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 oshc-20151231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 oshc-20151231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 oshc-20151231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 oshc-20151231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

