<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20160310_10-K_edgar_data_1498291_0001493152-16-007948.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2266926</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>164788</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>139935</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>747865</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>628066</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>518454</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-007948.hdr.sgml : 20160310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20160310173213
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-007948
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Daniels Corporate Advisory Company, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001498291
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				043866724
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54762
		FILM NUMBER:		161498750

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104-60 QUEENS BLVD, SUITE 12-B
		CITY:			FOREST HILLS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11375
		BUSINESS PHONE:		372-242-3148

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104-60 QUEENS BLVD, SUITE 12-B
		CITY:			FOREST HILLS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11375

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-007948.txt : 20160310

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-K 

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended November 30, 2015 

[ ]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number: 333-169128 

DANIELS
CORPORATE ADVISORY COMPANY, INC. 

 (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

Nevada 
 
 04-3667624 
 
 (State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

Parker
 Towers, 104-60, Queens Boulevard 
 12th
 Floor Forest Hills, New York 
 
 11375 
 
 (Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (347) 242-3148 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Common
 Stock, .001 par value per share 
 
 Over-the
 Counter 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ]
No [X] 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ]
No [X] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller
reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one): 

[ ]
 Large accelerated filer 
 [ ]
 Accelerated filer 
 [ ]
 Non-accelerated filer 
 [X]
 Smaller reporting company 

(Do
 not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No
[X] 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of February 29,
2016 based upon the closing price as of such date was 142,577. 

As
of February 29, 2016, 518,404,664 shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, were outstanding. 

Table
of Contents 

10-K
 - DANIELS CORPORATE ADVISORY, INC. 10-K 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors. 
 6 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 
 18 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 18 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 
 18 
 
 Item
 4. 
 RESERVED. 
 18 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 18 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data. 
 20 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 20 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 24 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 24 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 25 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 
 25 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information. 
 26 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 26 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation. 
 28 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 30 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 31 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services. 
 31 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 32 
 
 SIGNATURES 

EXHIBIT
 INDEX 

EX-31.1
 (EXHIBIT 31.1) 

EX-32.1
 (EXHIBIT 32.1) 

2 

Forward
Looking Statements 

The
statements contained in this report other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. These forward-looking statements represent the Registrant s present expectations or beliefs concerning future
events. The Registrant cautions that such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Registrant to be materially different from any
future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among
other things, the uncertainty as to the Registrant s future profitability; the uncertainty as to the demand for Registrant s
services; increasing competition in the markets that Registrant conducts business; the Registrant s ability to hire, train
and retain sufficient qualified personnel; the Registrant s ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms to finance its
growth strategy; and the Registrant s ability to develop and implement operational and financial systems to manage its growth.
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. We assume no obligation or undertaking to update or
revise any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any changes in its expectations with regard thereto or any change
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. You should, however, review additional disclosures
we make in the reports we file with the SEC. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Overview 

Daniels
Corporate Advisory has established a permanent base upon which to provide the corporate strategy consulting services noted below,
through a variety of methods: including the issunace of additional shares in private placement and/or issuance of anti-dilutive
Convertible Preferred Stock and loans from senior officers to provide the necessary working capital of the Company to sustain
activities under any consulting assignment obtained through the networking of senior executives or through the initial purchase
of rights to be the provider of choice to offer a financial specialty package inclulding corporate strategy to clients of other
financial/business services companies. While rights agreements of this nature are not typical, senior management, drawing on personal
contacts and those of credentially members of its Corporate Strategy Advisory Board believes that offering to provide a very select
service that would be very costly to duplicate with permanent in-house professionals and will augment other financial services
already being offered/implemented by the financial/business services firm (a referral generator) entering into the rights agreement
with Daniels Corporate Advisory, will be an acceptable additional option. However, there is no assurance that has time goes by
a client may decide to enter our business and there is no provision in our agreement to prevent that from happening. However,
our senior management believes that our success with the ultimate client, the client network member of a financial/business services
client, will determine whether Daniels Corporate Advisory retains the client or not. 

The
services incorporated into corporate strategy advisory and implementation to help formulate a path for the acceleration of corporate
development (growth) include market analysis, negotiation, deal structure and determination of finance alternatives for the creation
of joint-ventures, marketing agreements, new product/creation additions and acquisitions. Daniels Corporate Advisory has a loosely
organized cadre of highly-qualified, independent contractors/consultants available to perform the necessary services to achieve
the optimum corporate strategy for a client. 

Services
will also be provided in corporate financial advisory, which, like corporate strategy, is a specialized segment of corporate advisory.
It deals more with operations/cost control issues that can be established in-house with the aid of our on-call professionals.
These offerings would be extremely expensive to do in-house by any potentially competitive financial service firm retaining Daniels
Corporate Advisory, on behalf of on of its clients, because of its fixed overhead. 

Daniels
is developing direct methods for the acquisition of clients, namely advertising in industry niches of interest and subsequent
referral by a stockholder or partner . Name brand recognition is expected to be created after one or two successful corporate
strategy assignments and the publicizing of these events on web sites related to this specialty, ours and theirs, on the worldwide
web. 

Daniels
Corporate Advisory is operating at the present time through the corporate strategy segment of its business in order to build its
own critical mass by creation of start-up subisidaries it believes to have promise/potential, with the stated goal of the parent
(DCAC) company to meet the financial requirements necessary for major Stock Exchange Listing. Senior management and its Advisory
Board are providing preliminary services to three such potential clients; one under a formal LOI (Letter of Intent) and two in
final negotiations. 

As
our presence in the market place becomes more visible, through publication on client websites of our successes in our initial
corporate strategy consulting assignments added financing options are expected to materialize for the benefit of our clients.
Capital companies and high-net worth (accredited) individuals may contact us to see if they may participate directly in subsequent
assignments. 

4 

Recent
Business Developments 

The
Company conducts on-going networking and business development in corporate strategy through its chairman, on a chairman to chairman
basis, through the networks of its Advisory Board Members and its expanded, independent contractor consulting team. A full range
of disciplines are offered to the nano-cap public and private company through personalized relationship networking to keep initial
marketing costs at a minimum. Disciplines being offered are operational strategies, market-planning, senior oversight management
and financial alternatives consulting on optimum paths for the client to take. This could include but not be limited to external
growth alternatives requiring advisory on M A, levered transactions, capital structure, bridge loans, and equity financing. 

Business
Strategy - Current Operational Strategy Current Client Projects: 

Daniels
creates and implements corporate strategy alternatives for the mini-cap public or private company client. The addition of new
business opportunities and the location of professinal talent for implementation is anticipated through the full-time efforts
of our senior management. These efforts are to be expanded in the US and in Foreign capitals by an expanding advisory board and
through the networks of independent consultants. Principals of the respective client company will open their networks to augment
professional access for specialties the Daniels corporate strategy consultants believe are needed in a jointly-venture, (jointly-controlled)
undertaking created for the client s optimum growth. 

Daniels
may provide the client with multiple corporate strategies /opportunities including joint-ventures, marketing opportunity agreements
and/or potential acquisitions structured in LBO format. One or a combination of these strategies would allow the client to enter
new market niches or expand further into existing ones. 

The
Goal : Within twenty-four months from commencement of a Corporate Strategy Assignment, financial results, aided by all participating
players, should be forthcoming and recorded in SEC Filings. At the same time, a senior mangement team and Board expanded with
highly-credible interim (or permanent) professionals (directors) will be provded in order to successfully navigate the listing
process of a major Stock Exchange. While Daniels believes this process should be successful in the above-noted, time period, there
is some uncertainity in the process which is dependent upon any past issues the listing committee of a specific exchange may deem
necessary to be addressed prior to uplifting. 

A
similar effort will be provided to tailor an optimum growth program for the private company client, whether it chooses to remain
private or to become a public company through alternative merger opportunities. 

Current
Projects: Start-Up Subsidiaries To be Expanded in Fiscal 2016. 

Just
After the Close of Fiscal 2015, Daniels Food Beverage Group was launched and continues to grow and meet initial objectives.
The Company purchased a permanent option for 27,500 to provide advisory and some capital to acquire a candidate for the Italian
Cafe s segment of its announced business model. The initial target company does approximately 185,000 in revenues and generates
a profit of 75,000. The total purchase price is 100,000 with the option value contributed as part payment. An operating partner
corporation with significant, related experience is joint-venturing with Daniels in the further build-out of the Italian Cafe s
segment of the Food Beverage Group. Daniels intends to consummate this transaction during the first half of the current
fiscal year. 

Further
expansion of the Consulting segment of our business model and that of the Food Beverage Group is anticipated through our
Letter Of Intent with Island Hospitality Concepts, Inc. IHC ). This Consulting Group develops and executes on restaurant
themes for expansion in the Islands, initially concentrating in the Dominican Republic. It has a successful 30 year history and
has already developed several profitable island brands that can be built out further through a Daniels incubation project and
them offered through a Franchising Program. 

5 

Other
Start-Up Potentials in discussions/negotations at the current time include one in Merchant Finance and one in Construction - specifically,
the reconstruction of disaster damaged properties. 

OPTIMUM
GROWTH STRATEGY: 

Twelve
to Twenty four Month Horizons for Daniels Objectives: 

Daniels 
believes that the validity of its corporate strategy model will be proven further through the success of several of its client/incubation/subsidiary
deals. The Company plans to use its publicly traded common stock, in a variety of securities packages, including anti-dilutive
Convertible Preferreds, to finance a subsidiary start-up, initially for generic sales/profits growth. Subsequent growth options
noted above will be applied as external growth becomes a secondary goal. This method of two stage (generic and then external)
growth is designed to leave existing client management with commanding equity and operating control positions. Eventually, an
optimum exit strategy will be developed for the subsidiary, one that returns a significant return on corporate (parent) capital.
The choices of optimum exit strategies could include bringing a subsidiary public, directly, or merging it with a public company
operating in one of the more profitable niches of the specific market designated for expansion. The same corporate strategy model
can/will be applied to any independent mini-cap public client. 

We
believe our business model to be scalable. Based upon the potential success of the initial corporate strategy consulting assignments
creating our uplifitng to a major Stock Exchange, Daniels may entertain the creation of a franchising plan for key US Cities and
Foreign Capitals or Finance Centers. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Daniels
senior management will concentrate its efforts to expand its corporate strategy and financial advisory services and related specialties
in the nano-cap segment of the private and public markets, where Daniels believes it will be effective. Marketing efforts will
increase through social and print media efforts and will be in addition to those methods already mentioned herein. 

 Daniels
objective is to create and help manage implementation of accelerated expansion strategies and in so doing, aid in the creation
of financing alternatives to accomplish client goals. 

Competition 

Existing
and new competitors will continue to improve their services and introduce new services with competitive price and performance
characteristics. 

In
periods of reduced demand for our services, we can either choose to maintain market share by reducing our prices to meet competition
or maintain prices and choose only those assignments with new clients, that have pressing goals to be met, that offer Daniels
optimum potential for profits and growth. 

The
 collective corporate financial services, including merchant banking/private equity, are very competitive and fragmented
in the Company s market niche. There are limited barriers to entry and new competitors frequently enter the market. A significant
number of our competitors possess substantially greater resources. We are and will continue to offer equity compensation to our
team of Advisory Board Members, and independent strategy consultants in order to keep a stable, cohesive team of professionals,
which is necessary and key to the creation of operating and capital solutions in a timely fashion. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

An
investment in our Common Stock is highly speculative, involves a high degree of risk and should be considered only by those persons
who are able to afford a loss of their entire investment. In evaluating our business, prospective investors should carefully consider
the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report. 

6 

Risks
Relating to Our Business 

We
have a limited operating history which may not serve as an adequate basis to judge our future prospects and results of operations. 

Daniels
Corporate Advisory Company, Inc., which was incorporated on August 22, 2002, has a limited operating history upon which an evaluation
of our future performance and prospects can be made. We are an early-stage operating company with limited revenue history.Our
prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses, delays, problems and difficulties frequently encountered in the
establishment of a new business. As an early-stage operating company , Daniels Corporate Advisory faces risks and uncertainties
relating to its ability to successfully implement its business plan, which are described in more detail below. 

Since
inception, as a subsidiary of INfe Human Resources, Inc., Daniels Corporate Advisory has always been an operating company, furnishing
its advisory to all phases of operations, finance and in the management of the staffing industry roll-up for its parent company
for which revenues were eliminated during consolidations. 

Limited
revenues and ongoing losses. 

Since
inception, Daniels Corporate Advisory has generated limited revenue. Daniels earnings potential would have been greater; however,
its focus had been in a financial advisory capacity to its parent company INfe Human Resources, which concentrated in Staffing
and Executive Placements Industries. Daniels was spun off to concentrate on its core Corporate Strategy consulting business. Daniels
has incurred consistent operating losses to date. 

Our
business strategy is unproven and our prospects must be considered speculative. 

Our
business strategy is unproven, and we may not be successful in addressing early stage challenges, such as establishing our position
in the market and developing effective marketing of our services. To implement our business plan, capital may be provided from
existing and possibly new consulting business revenue and through outside financing. We have not yet located additional financing
to implement our business plan in its entirety. Initial growth may be very limited and based solely on compensation from a small,
existing, consulting assignment with no guarantee of obtaining additional assignments over the next twelve months. The other potential
growth segment of our business plan, the acquisition of marketing rights for our services through the client networks of other
Business Services Companies, will only occur if we can obtain outside financing. Internally generated funds, alone, will not be
sufficient to implement this phase of our business plan. 

Our
prospects must be considered speculative, considering the risks, expenses, and difficulties frequently encountered in the establishment
of a new business, specifically the risks inherent in developmental stage companies. We expect to continue to incur significant
operating and capital expenditures and, as a result, we expect significant net losses in the future. It is possible that we will
not be able to achieve profitable operations or, if profitability is achieved, that it will be maintained for any significant
period, or at all. 

Our
auditors have stated we may not be able to stay in business. 

Our
auditors have issued a going concern opinion, which means that there is doubt that we can continue as an ongoing business for
the next 12 months.Unless we can raise additional capital, we may not be able to achieve our objectives and may have to suspend
or cease operations. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

7 

The
JOBS Act allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public
and private companies. 

Since,
we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act, this election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective
dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

We
have different disclosure requirements than other public companies as an Emerging Growth Company(EGC). 

Pursuant
to Section 107 of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act which was signed into law on April 5, 2012,
we have elected to claim the exemption provided to emerging growth companies. 

The
JOBS Act provides an IPO on ramp for emerging growth companies (a newly created category of issuer
under the Securities Act), which are issuers with annual gross revenues of less than 1 billion during the most recently completed
fiscal year. Emerging growth companies may take advantage of the scaled disclosure requirements that already have been available
to smaller reporting companies (defined by the Securities Act as companies having a public float of less than 75
million). The scaled disclosure includes a requirement to include only two, rather than three, years of audited financial statements
in the issuer s initial public offering IPO registration statement and, during the IPO on ramp 
period, the ability to omit the auditor s attestation on internal control over financial reporting required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. 

Also
during the IPO on ramp period, emerging growth companies would not need to submit say-on-pay votes to their stockholders
(including say-on-pay frequency or golden parachute votes) and would face more limited executive compensation disclosure requirements
than larger companies. 

We
may not be successful in the implementation of our business strategy or our business strategy may not be successful, either of
which will impede our development and growth. 

Daniels
Corporate Advisory is engaged in the business of offering corporate financial consulting services and merchant banking services. 

We
do not know whether we will be able to continue successfully implementing our business strategy or whether our business strategy
will ultimately be successful. In assessing our ability to meet these challenges, a potential investor should take into account
our lack of operating history, our management s relative inexperience, the competitive conditions existing in our industry
and general economic conditions. Our growth is largely dependent on our ability to successfully implement our business strategy.
Our revenues may be adversely affected if we fail to implement our business strategy or if we divert resources to a business strategy
that ultimately proves unsuccessful. 

Our
service offerings may not be accepted. 

We
constantly seek to modify our service offerings to the marketplace. As is typically the case evolving service offerings, anticipation
of demand and market acceptance are subject to a high level of uncertainty. The success of our service offerings primarily depends
on the interest of our customers. In general, achieving market acceptance for our services will require substantial marketing
efforts and the expenditure of significant funds, which we may not have available, to create awareness and demand among customers. 

We
have limited marketing experience, and have extremely limited financial, personnel and other resources to undertake extensive
marketing activities. Accordingly, we are uncertain as to the acceptance of any of our services or our ability to generate the
revenues necessary to remain in business. 

Risks
associated with our ability to manage expansion as a result of acquisitions. 

The
growth of our business depends in large part on our ability to manage expansion, control costs in our operations and consolidate
acquisitions into existing operations. This strategy will entail reviewing and potentially reorganizing acquired operations, corporate
infrastructure and system and financial controls. Unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complication and delays frequently encountered
in connection with the rapid expansion of operations could inhibit our growth and adversely affect our financial condition, results
of operations or cash flow. 

8 

Risks
associated with our inability to identify suitable acquisition candidates. 

We
may be unable to identify acquisition candidates that would result in the most successful combinations or be unable to consummate
acquisitions on acceptable terms. The magnitude, timing and nature of future acquisitions will depend upon various factors, including
our success in establishing the corporate development pilot programs for consulting clients as a viable means of
growth acceleration, the availability of suitable acquisition candidates that have the client base suitable for cross-marketing
opportunities, the negotiation of acceptable terms, our financial capabilities, the availability of skilled employees to manage
acquired companies and general economic and business conditions. 

We
may be unable to obtain financing for the acquisitions that are available to us. 

We
are currently attempting to obtain financing for our corporate financial consulting and merchant banking services lines of business
as well as for acquisition opportunities which could result in material dilution to our existing stockholders. We may be unable
to obtain adequate financing for further development of our proposed services and for any acquisition for cross-marketing of services
purposes, or that, if available, such financing will be on favorable terms. 

Our
future financial results are uncertain and our operating results may fluctuate, due to, among other things, consumer trends, seasonal
fluctuations and market demand. 

As
a result of our short and sporadic operating history, it is difficult to accurately forecast our revenue. Further, we have little
historical financial data upon which to base planned operating expenses.We base our current and future expense levels on our operating
plans and estimates of future expenses. Our expenses are dependent in large part upon expenses associated with our proposed marketing
expenditures and related overhead expenses, and the costs of hiring and maintaining qualified personnel to carry out our respective
services. Sales and operating results are difficult to forecast because they will depend on the growth of our customer base, changes
in customer demands and consumer trends, the degree of utilization of our advertising services as well as the mix of services
and services sold. As a result, we may be unable to make accurate financial forecasts and adjust our spending in a timely manner
to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. This inability could cause our net losses in a given quarter to be greater
than expected. 

We
rely on the services of Arthur D. Viola. 

Our
business relies on the efforts and talents of our sole officer and director, Arthur D. Viola. The loss of his services could adversely
affect the operations of our business, and could have a very negative impact on our ability to fulfill on our business plan. 

We
may have difficulty in attracting and retaining management and outside independent members to our board of directors as a result
of their concerns relating to their increased personal exposure to lawsuits and stockholder claims by virtue of holding these
positions in a publicly quoted company. 

The
directors and management of publicly quoted corporations are increasingly concerned with the extent of their personal exposure
to lawsuits and stockholder claims, as well as governmental and creditor claims which may be made against them, particularly in
view of recent changes in securities laws imposing additional duties, obligations and liabilities on management and directors.
Due to these perceived risks, directors and management are also becoming increasingly concerned with the availability of directors 
and officers liability insurance to pay on a timely basis the costs incurred in defending such claims. We currently do
carry limited directors and officers liability insurance. Directors and officers liability insurance
has recently become much more expensive and difficult to obtain. If we are unable to continue or provide directors and
officers liability insurance at affordable rates or at all, it may become increasingly more difficult to attract and retain
qualified outside directors to serve on our board of directors. 

9 

We
may lose potential independent board members and management candidates to other companies that have greater directors and
officers liability insurance to insure them from liability or to companies that have revenues or have received greater
funding to date which can offer more lucrative compensation packages. The fees of directors are also rising in response to their
increased duties, obligations and liabilities as well as increased exposure to such risks. As a company with limited operating
history and resources, we will have a more difficult time attracting and retaining management and outside independent directors
than a more established company due to these enhanced duties, obligations and liabilities. 

We
may fail to establish and maintain strategic relationships. 

We
believe that the establishment of strategic partnerships will greatly benefit the growth of our business, and we intend to seek
out and enter into strategic alliances. We may not be able to enter into these strategic partnerships on commercially reasonable
terms, or at all. Even if we enter into strategic alliances, our partners may not attract significant numbers of customers or
otherwise prove advantageous to our business. Our inability to enter into new distribution relationships or strategic alliances
could have a material and adverse effect on our business. 

We
may incur significant costs to ensure compliance with U.S. corporate governance and accounting requirements. 

We
may incur significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements, costs associated with newly applicable
corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by
the SEC. We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make
some activities more time-consuming and costly. We also expect that these applicable rules and regulations may make it more difficult
and more expensive for us to obtain director and officers liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy
limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult
for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We are currently
evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these newly applicable rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount
of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. 

Risks
Relating to Our Stock 

Arthur
D. Viola owns 100,000 shares of our super voting preferred stock entitling him to the right to vote 50,000,000 shares of our common
stock in any election or event. This concentration of ownership could discourage or prevent a potential takeover of Daniels Corporate
Advisory that might otherwise result in your receiving a premium over the market price for your common stock. 

Arthur
D. Viola owns 100,000 shares of our super voting preferred stock entitling him to the right to vote 50,000,000 shares of our common
stock in any election or event. This concentration of ownership and voting rights could discourage or prevent a potential takeover
of Daniels Corporate Advisory that might otherwise result in your receiving a premium over the market price for your common stock. 

Mr.Viola
owns 2,454,500 shares of our common stock as well as I 00,000 shares of the Daniels Corporate Advisory preferred stock which has
voting rights equal to 500 shares of the Daniels Corporate Advisory common stock for every one share of Daniels Corporate Advisory
preferred stock held, which equates to common stock voting rights of 52,454,500 shares of the Daniels Corporate Advisory common
stock which amount exceeds our current outstanding shares of common stock. The result of Mr. Viola s the ownership and
voting rights to our common stock allows Mr. Viola to have voting control on all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval
and to be able to control our management and affairs, including extraordinary transactions such as mergers and other changes of
corporate control, and going private transactions. Additionally, this concentration of voting power could discourage or prevent
a potential takeover of Daniels Corporate Advisory that might otherwise result in your receiving a premium over the market price
for your common stock. 

10 

We
may need to raise additional capital. If we are unable to raise necessary additional capital, our business may fail or our operating
results and our stock price may be materially adversely affected. 

Because
we are a newly operational company, we need to secure adequate funding. Selling additional stock, either privately or publicly,
would dilute the equity interests of our stockholders. If we borrow more money, we will have to pay interest and may also have
to agree to restrictions that limit our operating flexibility. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing, we may have to curtail
our operations and our business would fail. 

Our
issuance of additional common stock in exchange for services or to repay debt would dilute your proportionate ownership and voting
rights and could have a negative impact on the market price of our common stock. 

The
stated listing requirements for the OTCBB are as follows: 

Fully
reporting with the Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Not
a black check or inactive company; 

Minimum
of 40 stockholders of record holding at least 100 shares each (note: this number is informal and has been moving up); 

Directors,
officers, and stockholders will be scrutinized for previous involvements in other OTCBB companies, in particular, blank check
companies; and 

Must
have a market maker submit a Rule 15c211 application to FINRA and agree to act as market maker for securities of company. 

Even
if our shares become publicly quoted, your shares may not be free-trading. 

Investors
should understand that their shares of our common stock will not become free-trading merely because Daniels Corporate
Advisory is a publicly-quoted company. In order for the shares to become free-trading, the shares must be registered,
or entitled to an exemption from registration under applicable law. See Shares Eligible for Future Sale. 

We
may need to raise additional capital. If we are unable to raise necessary additional capital, our business may fail or our operating
results and our stock price may be materially adversely affected. 

Because
we are a newly operational company, we need to secure adequate funding. Selling additional stock, either privately or publicly,
would dilute the equity interests of our stockholders. If we borrow more money, we will have to pay interest and may also have
to agree to restrictions that limit our operating flexibility. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing, we may have to curtail
our operations and our business would fail. 

Our
issuance of additional common stock in exchange for services or to repay debt would dilute your proportionate ownership and voting
rights and could have a negative impact on the market price of our common stock. 

Our
sole director, Mr. Viola, may generally issue shares of common stock to pay for debt or services, without further approval by
our stockholders based upon such factors as our board of directors may deem relevant at that time. It is likely that we will issue
additional securities to pay for services and reduce debt in the future. It is possible that we will issue additional shares of
common stock under circumstances we may deem appropriate at the time. 

11 

We
have never paid or declared any dividends on our common stock. 

We
have never paid or declared any dividends on our common stock. Likewise, we do not anticipate paying, in the near future, dividends
or distributions on our common stock or our common stock to be sold in this offering. Any future dividends will be declared at
the discretion of our board of directors and will depend, among other things, on our earnings, our financial requirements for
future operations and growth, and other facts as we may then deem appropriate. 

Our
directors have the right to authorize the issuance of shares of our preferred stock and additional shares of our common stock. 

Our
sole director, Mr. Viola, within the limitations and restrictions contained in our articles of incorporation and without further
action by our stockholders, has the authority to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to
fix the number of shares and the relative rights, conversion rights, voting rights, and terms of redemption, liquidation preferences
and any other preferences, special rights and qualifications of any such series. We have no intention of issuing shares of preferred
stock at the present time. Any issuance of shares of preferred stock could adversely affect the rights of holders of our common
stock. 

Should
we issue additional shares of our common stock at a later time, each investor s ownership interest in our stock would be
proportionally reduced. No investor will have any preemptive right to acquire additional shares of our common stock, or any of
our other securities. 

If
our shares become publicly quoted and our shares are quoted on the Pink Sheets or the OTCBB, and we fail to remain current in
our reporting requirements, we could be removed from the OTCBB, which would limit the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities
and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. 

Companies
whose shares are quoted for sale on the OTCBB and some whose shares are quoted for sale on the Pink Sheets must be reporting issuers
under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, and must be current in their reports under Section 13 of the Exchange Act, in order to maintain
price quotation privileges on the Pink Sheets and OTCBB. If our shares become publicly quoted and our shares are quoted for sale
on the OTCBB, and we fail to remain current in our reporting requirements, we could be removed from the OTCBB. As a result, the
market liquidity for our securities could be adversely affected by limiting the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities
and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. 

If
our shares become publicly quoted, the market price for our common stock will most likely be particularly volatile given our status
as a relatively unknown company with a small and thinly quoted public float, limited operating history and lack of net revenues
which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. The price at which you purchase our common stock may not be indicative
of the price that will prevail in the trading market. 

If
our shares become publicly quoted, the market for our common stock will most likely be characterized by significant price volatility
when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our share price will be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite
future. The volatility in our share price would be attributable to a number of factors. First, as noted above, the shares of our
common stock will likely be sporadically and/or thinly quoted. As a consequence of this lack of liquidity, the trading of relatively
small quantities of shares by our stockholders may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in either direction.
The price for our shares could, for example, decline precipitously in the event that a large number of shares of our common stock
are sold on the market without commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer which could better absorb those sales without
adverse impact on its share price. 

12 

Secondly,
we will most likely be a speculative or risky investment due to our dependence on an initial flow of corporate consulting
assignments and their implementation producing positive results to attract new clients. As a consequence of this enhanced risk,
more risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack
of progress, be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case
with the stock of a seasoned issuer. 

As
a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as
compared to a mature issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales
without an adverse effect on share price. It is possible that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock
will not develop or be sustained, or that current trading levels will continue. 

Shares
eligible for future sale by our current stockholders may adversely affect our stock price . 

The
sale of a significant number of shares of common stock at any particular time could be difficult to achieve at the market prices
prevailing immediately before such shares are offered. In addition, sales of substantial amounts of common stock, including shares
issued upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants, under Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 144 or otherwise could
adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital at that time through
the sale of our securities. 

Our
issuance of additional common stock in exchange for services or to repay debt would dilute your proportionate ownership and voting
rights and could have a negative impact on the market price of our common stock. 

Our
sole director, Mr. Viola, may generally issue shares of common stock to pay for debt or services, without further approval by
our stockholders based upon such factors as Mr. Viola may deem relevant at that time. We have issued shares of our common stock
in payment for services in the past. It is likely that we will issue additional securities to pay for services and reduce debt
in the future. It is possible that we will issue additional shares of common stock under circumstances we may deem appropriate
at the time. 

Anti-takeover
provisions may impede the acquisition of Daniels Corporate Advisory. 

Certain
provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes have anti-takeover effects and may inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business
combination. These provisions are intended to encourage any person interested in acquiring Daniels Corporate Advisory to negotiate
with, and to obtain the approval of, our sole director, Mr. Viola, in connection with such a transaction. As a result, certain
of these provisions may discourage a future acquisition of Daniels Corporate Advisory, including an acquisition in which the stockholders
might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. 

You
may be unable to sell your common stock at or above your purchase price, which may result in substantial losses to you. 

The
following factors may add to the volatility in the price of our common stock: actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly
or annual operating results; government regulations, announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or joint
ventures; our capital commitments; and additions or departures of our key personnel. Many of these factors are beyond our control
and may decrease the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions
or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common stock will be at any time, including as to whether our common
stock will sustain the current market price, or as to what effect the sale of shares or the availability of common stock for sale
at any time will have on the prevailing market price. 

13 

We
may need to raise additional capital. If we are unable to raise necessary additional capital, our business may fail or our operating
results and our stock price may be materially adversely affected. 

We
may need to secure adequate funding. If we are unable to obtain adequate funding, we may not be able to successfully develop and
market our proposed products and our business will most likely fail. We do not have commitments for additional financing. To secure
additional financing, we may need to borrow money or sell more securities, which may reduce the value of our outstanding securities.
We may be unable to secure additional financing on favorable terms or at all. 

Selling
additional stock, either privately or publicly, would dilute the equity interests of our stockholders. If we borrow more money,
we will have to pay interest and may also have to agree to restrictions that limit our operating flexibility. If we are unable
to obtain adequate financing, we may have to curtail business operations, which would have a material negative effect on operating
results and most likely result in a lower stock price. 

If
our shares become publicly quoted, an active trading market in our shares may not be sustained. 

If
our shares become publicly quoted, an active trading market in our shares may not be sustained. Factors such as those discussed
in this Risk Factors section may have a significant impact upon the market price of the securities to be distributed
by us. Many brokerage firms may not be willing to participate in transactions in a security if a low price develops in the trading
of the security. Even if a purchaser finds a broker willing to effect a transaction in our securities, the combination of brokerage
commissions, state transfer taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price. Further, many lending institutions
will not permit the use of our securities as collateral for any loans. 

If
our shares become publicly quoted, our common stock will most likely be subject to the penny stock rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission, and the trading market in our common stock will be limited, which would make transactions
in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the investment value of our stock. 

If
our shares become publicly quoted, our shares of common stock will most likely be penny stocks because they most
likely will not be registered on a national securities exchange or listed on an automated quotation system sponsored by a registered
national securities association, pursuant to Rule 3a51-1(a) under the Exchange Act. For any transaction involving a penny stock,
unless exempt, the rules require: 

That
a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and 

That
the broker or dealer receives from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity
of the penny stock to be purchased. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the Securities
and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: 

Sets
forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and 

That
the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make
it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the
commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the
rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to
be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny
stocks. 

14 

The
market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. 

Stockholders
should be aware that, according to SEC Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns
of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: 

Control
of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; 

Manipulation
of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; 

Boiler
room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced salespersons; 

Excessive
and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers; and 

The
wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level,
along with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequential investor losses. 

Our
management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in
a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, if our shares become publicly
quoted, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established
with respect to our securities. The occurrence of these patterns or practices could increase the volatility of our share price. 

Subscriptions
to purchase shares in this offering are irrevocable and will be immediately available for our use without any escrow. 

The
execution of a subscription agreement by an investor constitutes a binding offer to purchase shares of our common stock. Once
an investor subscribes for our shares, the investor will not be able to revoke his subscription. As stated elsewhere herein, the
proceeds from the sale of our shares will not be subject to any escrow, but will be immediately available for our use. Consequently,
those investors who purchase shares earlier in the offering will be substantially more at risk than those investors who purchase
later in the offering, inasmuch as the later investors will have had the opportunity to assess the success of the offering before
making an investment. In no event will the subscribed amounts be returned to investors. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS DURING SLOW ECONOMIC ACTIVITY 

Our
business environment including potential real estate projects are running at an extremely slow economic pace and may continue
to do so for the foreseeable future. Our prospects must be considered within that framework and in light of the risks, expenses,
delays, problems and difficulties frequently encountered in the re-establishment of a business. As such, we face risks and uncertainties
relating to our ability to successfully implement our business plan. 

OUR
AUDITORS ISSUED A GOING CONCERN OPINION WHICH MEANS WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ACHIEVE OUR OBJECTIVES AND MAY HAVE TO SUSPEND OR CEASE
OPERATIONS. 

Our
auditors issued a going concern opinion for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014 This means that there
is substantial doubt that we can continue as an ongoing business without additional financing and/or generating profits. If we
cannot raise additional capital or generate sufficient revenues to operate profitably, we may have to suspend or cease operations.
If that occurs, you will lose your investment. 

15 

WE
MAY NEED TO RAISE ADDITIONAL FUNDS IN THE FUTURE FOR OUR OPERATIONS AND IF WE ARE UNABLE TO SECURE SUCH FINANCING, WE MAY NOT
BE ABLE TO SUPPORT OPERATIONS . 

Future
events, including the problems, delays, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by growing companies, may lead to cost
and expense increases that could make our revenues insufficient to support our operations and business plans. We may seek additional
capital, including an offering of our equity securities, an offering of debt securities or obtaining financing through a bank
or other entity. We have not established a limit as to the amount of debt we may incur nor have we adopted a ratio of our equity
to a debt allowance. If we need to obtain additional financing, there is no assurance that financing will be available from any
source, that it will be available on terms acceptable to us, or that any future offering of securities will be successful. 

We
may seek additional financing which may result in the issuance of additional shares of our common stock and/or rights to acquire
additional shares of our common stock. The issuance of our common stock in connection with such financing may result in substantial
dilution to the existing holders of our common stock who do not have anti-dilution rights. Those additional issuances of our common
stock would result in a reduction of an existing holder s percentage interest in Broadleaf Capital Partners, Inc.. Our business,
financial condition and results of operations could suffer adverse consequences if we are unable to obtain additional capital
when needed. 

OUR
COMMON STOCK MAY BE AFFECTED BY LIMITED TRADING VOLUME AND MAY FLUCTUATE SIGNIFICANTLY. 

There
has been a limited public market for our common stock, and an active trading market for our common stock may not develop. As a
result, this could reduce our shareholders ability to sell our common stock in short time periods, or possibly at all.
Our common stock has experienced, and is likely to experience in the future, significant price and volume fluctuations which could
reduce the market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance. In addition, we believe that factors
such as quarterly fluctuations in our financial results and changes in the overall economy or the condition of the financial markets
could cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. 

OUR
COMMON STOCK IS DEEMED A PENNY STOCK, WHICH MAY MAKE IT MORE DIFFICULT FOR INVESTORS TO RESELL THEIR SHARES DUE
TO SUITABILITY REQUIREMENTS. 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission or SEC has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be an equity
security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions. The market price of our common
stock on the Bulletin Board has been substantially less than 5.00 per share and therefore we are currently considered a penny
stock according to SEC rules. This designation requires any broker-dealer selling these securities to disclose certain
information concerning the transaction, obtain a written agreement from the purchaser and determine that the purchaser is reasonably
suitable to purchase the securities. These rules limit the ability of broker-dealers to solicit purchases of our common stock
and therefore reduce the liquidity of the public market for our shares. 

16 

NEVADA
LAW AND OUR CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION MAY PROTECT OUR DIRECTORS FROM CERTAIN TYPES OF LAWSUITS WHICH COULD RESULT IN LIABILITY
FOR DANIELS AND NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR LIQUIDITY OR OPERATIONS. 

Nevada
law provides that our officers and directors will not be liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for all but certain
types of conduct as officers and directors. Our Bylaws permit us broad indemnification powers to all persons against all damages
incurred in connection with our business to the fullest extent provided or allowed by law. These exculpation provisions may have
the effect of preventing stockholders from recovering damages against our officers and directors caused by their negligence, poor
judgment or other circumstances. The indemnification provisions may require us to use our limited assets to defend our officers
and directors against claims, including claims arising out of their negligence, poor judgment, or other circumstances. 

SINCE
WE HAVE NOT PAID ANY DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON STOCK AND DO NOT INTEND TO DO SO IN THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE, A PURCHASER OF OUR COMMON
STOCK WILL ONLY REALIZE AN ECONOMIC GAIN ON HIS OR HER INVESTMENT FROM AN APPRECIATION, IF ANY, IN THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR COMMON
STOCK. 

We
have never paid, and have no intentions in the foreseeable future to pay, any cash dividends on our common stock. Therefore an
investor in our common stock, in all likelihood, will only realize a profit on his investment if the market price of our common
stock increases in value. 

IF
WE FAIL TO MAINTAIN AN EFFECTIVE SYSTEM OF INTERNAL CONTROLS, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ACCURATELY REPORT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS. AS
A RESULT, CURRENT AND POTENTIAL STOCKHOLDERS COULD LOSE CONFIDENCE IN OUR FINANCIAL REPORTING, WHICH COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS AND
THE TRADING PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 

We
are subject to reporting obligations under the U.S. securities laws. The Securities and Exchange Commission as required by Section
404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, adopted rules requiring every public company to include a management report on such
company s internal controls over financial reporting in its annual report, which contains management s assessment
of the effectiveness of the company s internal controls over financial reporting. Since our election to be treated as an
emerging growth company we are exempt from Section 404(b) which is an independent registered public accounting firm attesting
to and reporting on management s assessment of the effectiveness of the company s internal controls over financial
reporting. These applicable requirements may first apply to our annual report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ending December
31, 2002. Our management may conclude that our internal controls over our financial reporting are not effective. Moreover, even
if our management concludes that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, our independent registered public
accounting firm may still decline to attest to our management s assessment or may issue a report that is qualified if they
are not satisfied with our controls or the level at which our controls are documented, designed, operated or reviewed, or if it
interprets the relevant requirements differently from us. 

Our
reporting obligations as a public company will place a significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources
and systems for the foreseeable future. If we fail to timely achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we may
not be able to conclude that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting at a reasonable assurance level. Moreover,
effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important
to help prevent fraud. As a result, our failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could
result in the loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which in turn could harm our business
and negatively impact the trading price of our common stock. Furthermore, we anticipate that we will incur considerable costs
and use significant management time and other resources in an effort to comply with Section 404(a) and other requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As of the date of this prospectus we do not have an estimate of the costs to the company of compliance with
the Act. 

We
are preparing for compliance with Section 404(a) by strengthening, assessing and testing our system of internal controls to provide
the basis for our report. The process of strengthening our internal controls and complying with Section 404(a) is expensive and
time consuming, and requires significant management attention. We cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we will
maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. Furthermore, as we rapidly grow our business,
our internal controls will become more complex and will require significantly more resources to ensure our internal controls overall
remain effective. Failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation,
could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. If we or our auditors discover a material
weakness, the disclosure of that fact, even if quickly remedied, could reduce the market s confidence in our financial statements
and harm our stock price. 

17 

INVESTORS
IN OUR SECURITIES MAY SUFFER DILUTION. 

The
issuance of shares of our common stock, or shares of our common stock underlying warrants, options or preferred stock will dilute
the equity interest of existing stockholders who do not have anti-dilution rights and could have a significant adverse effect
on the market price of our common stock. The sale of our common stock acquired at a discount could have a negative impact on the
market price of our common stock and could increase the volatility in the market price of our common stock. We may seek additional
financing which may result in the issuance of additional shares of our common stock and/or rights to acquire additional shares
of our common stock. The issuance of our common stock in connection with such financing may result in substantial dilution to
the existing holders of our common stock who do not have anti-dilution rights. Those additional issuances of our common stock
would result in a reduction of an existing holder s percentage interest in Daniels Corporate Advisory, Inc.. Our business,
financial condition and results of operations could suffer adverse consequences if we are unable to obtain additional capital
when needed. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Daniels
Corporate Advisory s operational headquarters are located at Parker Towers, 104-60, Queens Boulevard, 12th Floor, Forest
Hills, New York 11375. Our office space is provided by Arthur D. Viola, our sole officer, director, and controlling stockholder
at no charge. As our business grows, we may be forced to move to other offices and pay rent. We believe that our existing facilities
are adequate for our current needs for the foreseeable future and if additional space is needed, it would be available on favorable
terms at an acceptable location. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

We
are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. 

Item
4. RESERVED. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information and Holders 

The
shares of our common stock are not currently listed for sale on any exchange, although we do plan to attempt to have our shares
quoted for sale on the Pink Sheets or the OTC Bulletin Board. However, there can be no assurance that we will be
successful in having our shares quoted or traded on any public market. 

18 

The
table below shows the high and low sales prices for our common stock for the periods indicated. 

Price Ranges 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended November 30, 2015 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 .10 
 .039 
 
 Second Quarter 
 .09 
 .029 
 
 Third Quarter 
 .0554 
 .015 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 .06 
 .0059 

Fiscal
 Year Ended November 30, 2014 

First Quarter 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Second Quarter 
 N/A
 
 N/A 
 
 Third Quarter 
 .38 
 29 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 .55 
 .12 

Since
the company has not yet traded on the Pink Sheets or the OTC Bulletin Board there is no closing price of our common
stock, and there were approximately 136 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include stockholders for whom
shares were held in nominee or street name. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and we do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. We currently expect to retain any future earnings to fund the operation and expansion of our business. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities and Equity Purchases by Company 

RLB Freight Consultants Corp. 
 12/8/14 
 155,000 
 Shares of common stock valued at the stock price 
 
 at the close of trading on the date the issuance was approved 

10,850 for consulting services. 
 
 Michael Kofsky 
 12/8/14 
 493,000 
 Shares of common stock valued at the stock price 
 
 at the close of trading on the date the issuance was approved 

34,510 for consulting services. 
 
 Phil Novaro 
 12/8/14 
 519,000 
 Shares of common stock valued at the stock price 
 
 at the close of trading on the date the issuance was approved 

36,330 for consulting services. 
 
 Denise Novaro 
 12/8/14 
 70,000 
 Shares of common stock valued at the stock price 
 
 at the close of trading on the date the issuance was approved 

4,900 for consulting services. 
 
 Richard Delima Consulting 
 2/2/15 
 275,000 
 Shares of common stock valued at the stock price 
 
 at the close of trading on the date the issuance was approved 

16,500 for consulting services. 
 
 Gary I. Syner received on 
 4/17/15 
 15,000 
 Shares of common stock valued at the stock price 
 
 at the close of trading on the date the issuance was approved 

750 for consulting services. 
 
 Vince Caruso received on 
 5/6/15 
 750,000 
 Shares of common stock valued at the stock price 
 
 at the close of trading on the date the issuance was approved 

60,000 for consulting services. 
 
 LPO Consulting received on 
 5/9/15 
 100,000 
 Shares of common stock valued at the stock price 
 
 at the close of trading on the date the issuance was approved 

8,000 for consulting services. 
 
 A. Viola received on 
 5/25/15 
 2,885,000 
 Shares of common stock valued at the stock price 
 
 at the close of trading on the date the issuance was approved 

86,553 for consulting services. 
 
 LG received in conversion of debt on 
 8/26/16 
 2,118,634 
 Shares of common stock valued at the stock price 
 
 at the close of trading on the date the issuance was approved 

19,700 for consulting services. 
 
 Vis Vires Group received in conversion of debt on 
 10/29/15 
 1,363,636 
 Shares of common stock valued at the stock price 
 
 at the close of trading on the date the issuance was approved 

15,000 for consulting services. 
 
 Actus Private Equity received in conversion of debt on 
 11/4/15 
 2,773,748 
 Shares of common stock valued at the stock price 
 
 at the close of trading on the date the issuance was approved 

14,423 for consulting services. 
 
 Vis Vires Group received in conversion of debt on 
 11/9/15 
 2,272,727 
 Shares of common stock valued at the stock price 
 
 at the close of trading on the date the issuance was approved 

15,000 for consulting services. 
 
 Actus Private Equity received in conversion of debt on 
 11/12/15 
 3,023,713 
 Shares of common stock valued at the stock price 
 
 at the close of trading on the date the issuance was approved 

4,838 for consulting services. 
 
 Vis Vires Group received in conversion of debt on 
 11/12/15 
 4,411,765 
 Shares of common stock valued at the stock price 
 
 at the close of trading on the date the issuance was approved 

15,000 for consulting services. 
 
 Vis Vires Group received in conversion of debt on 
 11/30/15 
 5,000,000 
 Shares of common stock valued at the stock price 
 
 at the close of trading on the date the issuance was approved 

8,990 for consulting services. 

19 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, included elsewhere
within this report. The Annual Report on Form 10-K/A contains forward-looking statements including statements using terminology
such as can , may , believe , designated to , will , expect ,
 plan , anticipate , estimate , potential or continue , or the
negative thereof or other comparable terminology regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future. You
should read statements that contain these words carefully because they: 

discuss
our future expectations; 

contain
projections of our future results of operations or of our financial condition; and 

state
other forward-looking information. 

We
believe it is important to communicate our expectations. However, forward looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and
our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements
as a result of certain factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors, Business and elsewhere
in this report. All forward-looking statements and risk factors included in this document are made as of the date hereof, based
on information available to us as of the date thereof, and we assume no obligations to update any forward-looking statement or
risk factor, unless we are required to do so by law. 

Organizational
Overview 

The
company has a growth goal of providing advisory services to business services as well as non-business services client companies.
The company works with companies seeking to create and/or acquire adjunct service businesses, whose services will initially provide
better lifestyles for its existing workforce, and ultimately will be packaged, on an additional profit center basis, for sale
to other small companies for the retention of their employees. The profits generated from all the financial consulting assignments
will be available for venture investment in public or private client companies, as well as other quality business concept/operating
companies, both public and private; through the Daniels Merchant Bank Division. 

20 

The
Daniels Merchant Bank has an in-house equity funding program, whereby Daniels will participate in consulting client potential
growth by helping finance the growth of public and private client, business service companies, as well as non-business service
companies. The Merchant Bank will also participate in non-client potential growth by the purchase of equity in attractive small
public companies whose growth strategies are in line with a philosophy of growth through leveraged acquisitions. 

General 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the following critical accounting policies
affect our most significant judgments and estimates used in preparation of our financial statements. which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The preparation of these financial statements requires
us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses. We base our estimates
on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying 
 values of assets 
 and liabilities that 
 are not readily 
 apparent from other 
 sources. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Financial
Reporting Release No. 60, published by the SEC, recommends that all companies include a discussion of critical accounting policies
used in the preparation of their financial statements. While all these significant accounting policies impact our financial condition
and results of operations and we view certain of these policies as critical. Policies determined to be critical are those policies
that have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements and require management to use a greater degree
of judgment and estimates. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 

We
believe that given current facts and circumstances, it is unlikely that applying any other reasonable judgments or estimate methodologies
would cause a material effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity for the periods presented
in this report. 

The
accounting policies identified as critical are as follows: 

Revenue
recognition; 

Fair
value of assets. 

Use
of estimates 

Revenue
Recognition 

Revenues
are derived from research, development, qualification and production testing for certain commercial products. 

Revenue
from fixed price testing contracts is generally recorded upon completion of the contracts, which are generally short-term, or
upon completion of identifiable contractual tasks. At the time we enter into a contract that includes multiple tasks, we estimate
the amount of actual labor and other costs that will be required to complete each task based on historical experience. Revenues
are recognized which provide for a profit margin relative to the testing performed. Revenue relative to each task and from contracts
which are time and materials based is recorded as effort is expended. Billings in excess of amounts earned are deferred. Any anticipated
losses on contracts are charged to income when identified. To the extent management does not accurately forecast the level of
effort required to complete a contract, or individual tasks within a contract, and we are unable to negotiate additional billings
with a customer for cost over-runs, we may incur losses on individual contracts. All selling, general and administrative costs
are treated as period costs and expensed as incurred. 

For
revenue from product sales, we recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 605-10,Revenue
Recognition ASC 605-10 ). ASC 605-10 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized:
(1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable;
and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management s judgments
regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions
for discounts and rebates to customers, estimated returns and allowances, and other adjustments are provided for in the same period
the related sales are recorded. We defer any revenue for which the product has not been delivered or is subject to refund until
such time that we and the customer jointly determine that the product has been delivered or no refund will be required. 

21 

ASC
605-10 incorporates Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 605-25, Multiple-Element Arraignments ASC 605-25 ).
ASC 605-25 addresses accounting for arrangements that may involve the delivery or performance of multiple products, services and/or
rights to use assets. The effect of implementing ASC 605-25 on our financial position and results of operations was not significant. 

Fair
Value of Assets 

The
Company has adopted the standard FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC 820) Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures 
 which defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes
between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs)
and (2) an entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available
in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority
to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs (Level 3). 
 The three levels 
 of the fair 
 value hierarchy are 
 described below: 

Level
1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets
or liabilities. 

Level
2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability; either directly
or indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
(e.g. interest rates); and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or
other means. 

Level
3 Inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. 

The
respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair values due to the short-term
nature of these instruments. These financial instruments include investments in available-for-sale securities and accounts payable
and accrued expenses. The Company has also applied ASC 820 for all non-financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a non-recurring basis. The adoption of ASC 820 for non-financial assets and liabilities did not have a significant impact on
the Company s financial statements. 

Use
of Estimates 

In
preparing financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, management
is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenue and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

22 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
primary source of liquidity has been expenses paid by Arthur D. Viola, our sole officer and director and controlling stockholder.
No proceeds of this offering will be used to reimburse Mr. Viola; who will be reimbursed out of the gross profits of initial consulting
assignments. As of November 30, 2015, we had 22,941 in cash and cash equivalents and a working capital deficit of 1,400,913. 

Financing
Activities 

We
will have to raise capital by means of borrowings or through a private placement or a subsequent registered offering. At present,
we do not have any commitments with respect to future financings. If we are unable to raise adequate capital, in the near term,
to finance all phases of a client corporate consulting assignment, our proposed business will experience slow growth because it
will be very hard to compete for business without a sound capital base to support advisory and implementation efforts on our suggested
corporate growth strategies. 

At
present, we do have sufficient capital on hand to fund very limited operations for the immediate future. Our consulting income
on current and expected assignments (and continued support from Arthur D. Viola, our key officer and director, is believed to
be sufficient to support current capital demands. Management estimates that we will need at least 2 million to fund client corporate
development consulting projects over the next 12 months. However, even if limited funds are raised, consulting services can still
be provided for Phase One of assignments, (the providing of consulting expertise). Phase Two, (the providing of short term capital
to client companies), will have to be curtailed because of a limited capital raise or be provided by Mr. Viola and/or a joint-venture
partner who will share in the potential revenues from Phase Two portions of any project.
This joint-venture sharing will limit the amount of profit we can earn in any one project. 

Limited
growth prospects, because of lack of sufficient capital to implement results of corporate consulting assignments, may very well
not produce sufficient profit to cover the costs that will now be incurred by Daniels Corporate Advisory. Legal and accounting
expenses are significant for a reporting company and we will have to cover them out of limited consulting operations fees due
to lack of adequate funding. This may place additional constraints on the growth prospects of Daniels Corporate Advisory as it
may have to curtail added assignments for lack of adequate working capital to manage these new assignments. If sufficient capital
is not raised over the next 12 months, the limited consulting assignments current available will not be sufficient to sustain
our long term operations as a public company, and we could fail. 

Comparison
of the Year Ended November 30, 2015 to the Year Ended November 30, 2014 Revenues 

Sales
for the year ended November 30, 2014 were 45,493 compared to 0 for the year ended November 30, 2014 an increase of 45,493.
This reflects revenue from nominal consulting income generated in the fourth quarter. 

Operating
Expenses 

During
the year ended November 30, 2015, we incurred 1,983,392 in expenses, compared to 157,996 in the same period ended November 30,
2014 a decrease of 1,825,396. Our major cost increase was stock compensation which resulted in an increased of 1,874,563 in
the period. The rest of the increase was due to increased fees of approximately 100,000 incurred for financing and promotional
cost as the company tries to establish itself in the market and has operational cost. 

Discontinued
Operations 

Our
net loss from our discontinued operating segment for the year ended November 30, 2015 was 222,262 compared to a net income of
 26,728 for the year ended ended November 30, 2014 resulting a decrease of 248,990 as the company continued to commit resources
elsewhere and operations declined. 

23 

Other
Income and Expenses 

During
the year ended November 30, 2015, we incurred a net expense of 722,783 in other
expense items, compared to 502,998 in net other income in the same period ended November 30, 2014 an increase of 1,205,781.
The major items included here were a write-down of a long term investment by 340,000 and we
 incurred interest expense charges of 272,025 and we recorded a derivative
expense of 163,753 
 on convertible loans. 
 Retirement of debt 
 resulted in income 
 of 108,317. Additionally 
 we recorded a 
 loss of 55,322 resulting from the change in fair market value of derivative instruments.
The only material item in the prior period was a onetime gain from debt forgiveness of 500,000. 

Net
Income 

The
Company had a net loss for the year ended November 30, 2015 of 2,962,769 compared to a net income of 297,899 for the year ended
November 30, 2014. This decrease of 2,990,668 was in majority due to our increase in wages as described above. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

Inflation 

We
believe that inflation has not had a material impact on our results of operations for the two years ended November 30, 2015 and
2014, and since inflation rates have generally remained at relatively low levels our operations are not otherwise uniquely affected
by inflation concerns. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying audited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this filing have been prepared in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles that contemplate our continuance as a going concern. Our auditors, in their report dated
December 28, 2010, have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as going concern. Our cash position may be inadequate
to pay all of the costs associated with the testing, production and marketing of our products. Management intends to use borrowings
and the sale of equity or convertible debt to mitigate the effects of its cash position, however no assurance can be given that
debt or equity financing, if and when required will be available. The accompanying audited consolidated financial statements do
not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets and classification of liabilities
that might be 
 necessary should we 
 be unable to 
 continue existence. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information
required under this item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
financial statements and notes thereto and supplementary data required by this Item are presented beginning on page F-1 of this
annual report on Form 10-K. 

24 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of November 30, 2015. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures,
and in light of the material weaknesses found in our internal controls, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial 
 Officer concluded that 
 our disclosure controls 
 and procedures were 
 not effective. 

Management
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2012 using the criteria established in
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. In our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of November
30, 2015, we determined that control deficiencies existed that constituted material
weaknesses, as described below: 

lack
of documented policies and procedures. 

we
have no audit committee. 

there
is a risk 
 of management override 
 given that our 
 officers have a 
 high degree of 
 involvement in our 
 day to day 
 operations. 

there
is no effective 
 separation of duties, 
 which includes monitoring 
 controls, between the 
 members of management. 

Management
is currently evaluating what steps can be taken in order to address these material weaknesses. 

Accordingly,
we concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by our internal controls. 

As
a result of the material weaknesses described above, management has concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting as of November 30, 2013 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework
issued by COSO. 

Scrudato
 Co., PA, an independent registered public accounting firm, was not required to and has not issued a report concerning the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2015. 

25 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
during our fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Executive
Officers 

Our
executive officers are elected by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. Our executive officers are
as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Arthur
 D Viola 
 
 64 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Acting Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Biographical
information for our executive officers is set forth below: 

Arthur
D. Viola has been our chairman, president, chief executive officer and a director since September, 2002. In 1981, Mr. Viola
founded The Viola Group, Inc., a New York based public company which acquired, and managed private companies. From 1990 to the
present, Mr. Viola has served as senior partner of Daniels Corporate Advisory Co., a New York based private company, which is
a predecessor of the registrant, and which advised and helped grow small public companies. Previously, Mr. Viola was involved
in mergers and acquisitions as an AVP Corporate Finance/M A Department of Bank of America, (1980 1982) as a Senior Acquisitions/Market-Planner
at Gulf Western (1978 1979) and as a Senior Acquisitions Analyst at Crane Co.,(1975 1978) and was an account manager for
Citibank, N.A. (1971 1974) in their Institutional Investment Management Department. Mr. Viola attended New York University (Advanced
work in Corporate Mergers and Acquisitions) and the New York University Real Estate Institute for Real Estate Development. He
received an MBA from Pace University (Financial Management Accounting) and a BA from Iona College (Economics and 
 Finance). 

Audit
Committee 

The
entire board of directors performs the functions of an audit committee, but no written charter governs the actions of the board
when performing the functions of what would generally be performed by an audit committee. The board approves the selection of
Daniels Corporate Advisory s independent accountants and meets and interacts with the independent accountants to discuss
issues related to financial reporting. In addition, the board reviews the scope and results of the audit with the independent
accountants, reviews with management and the independent accountants Daniels Corporate Advisory s annual operating results,
considers the adequacy of Daniels Corporate Advisory s internal accounting procedures and considers other auditing and accounting
matters including fees 
 to be paid 
 to the independent 
 auditor and the 
 performance of the 
 independent auditor. 

26 

Daniels
Corporate Advisory has determined that Arthur D. Viola is a financial expert as defined by Section 407 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002. However, Mr. Viola is not independent as that term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act.
In order to be considered to be independent, a member of an audit committee of a listed issuer that is not an investment company
may not, other than in his capacity as a member of the audit committee, our board of directors or any other board committee: 

Accept
directly or indirectly any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee from the issuer or any subsidiary thereof, provided
that, unless the rules of the national securities exchange or national securities association provide otherwise, compensatory
fees do not include the receipt of fixed amounts of compensation under a retirement plan (including deferred compensation) for
prior service with the listed issuer (provided that such compensation is not contingent in any way on continued service); 
 or 

Be
an affiliated person of the issuer or any subsidiary thereof. 

Mr.
Viola has acquired the status of financial expert through experience actively supervising a principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer, controller, public accountant, auditor or person performing similar functions, and overseeing or assessing
the performance of companies or public accountants with respect to the preparation, auditing or evaluation of financial statements. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

From
time to time, one or more of Daniels Corporate Advisory s affiliates may form or hold an ownership interest in and/or manage
other businesses both related and unrelated to the type of business that Daniels Corporate Advisory own and operate. These persons
expect to continue to form, hold an ownership interest in and/or manage additional other businesses which may compete with Daniels
Corporate Advisory with respect to operations, including financing and marketing, management time and services and potential customers.
These activities may give rise to conflicts between or among the interests of Daniels Corporate Advisory and other businesses
with which Daniels Corporate Advisory s affiliates are associated. Daniels Corporate Advisory affiliates are in no way prohibited
from undertaking such activities, and neither Daniels Corporate Advisory nor its stockholders will have any right to require participation
in such other activities. 

With
respect to transactions involving real or apparent conflicts of interest, hawse have adopted policies and procedures which require
that: (i) the fact of the relationship or interest giving rise to the potential conflict be disclosed or known to the directors
who authorize or approve the transaction prior to such authorization or approval, (ii) the transaction be approved by a majority
of our disinterested outside directors, and (iii) the transaction be fair and reasonable to Daniels Corporate Advisory at the
time it is authorized or approved by our directors. 

Code
of Ethics for Senior Executive Officers and Senior Financial Officers 

Daniels
Corporate Advisory has adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Executive Officers and Senior Financial Officers that applies 
 to its president, 
 chief executive officer, 
 chief operating officer, 
 chief financial officer, 
 and all financial 
 officers, including the principal
accounting officer. The code provides as follows: 

Each
officer is responsible for full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in all periodic reports and financial disclosures
required to be filed by Daniels Corporate Advisory with the Securities and Exchange Commission or disclosed 
 to Daniels Corporate 
 Advisory s stockholders and/or
the public. 

Each
officer shall immediately 
 bring to the 
 attention of the 
 audit committee, or 
 disclosure compliance officer,
any material information of 
 which the officer 
 becomes aware that 
 affects the disclosures 
 made by Daniels 
 Corporate Advisory in 
 its public filings and assist the audit committee or disclosure compliance officer in fulfilling its responsibilities for
full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in all periodic reports required to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. 

27 

Each
officer shall promptly notify Daniels Corporate Advisory s general counsel, if any, or the president or chief executive
officer as well as the audit committee of any information he may have concerning any violation of our Code of Business Conduct
or Daniels Corporate Advisory s Code of Ethics, including any actual or apparent conflicts of interest between 
 personal and professional 
 relationships, involving any 
 management or other 
 employees who have 
 a significant role 
 in Daniels Corporate Advisory s
financial reporting, disclosures 
 or internal controls. 

Each
officer shall immediately bring to the attention of Daniels Corporate Advisory s general counsel, if any, the president
or the chief 
 executive officer and 
 the audit committee 
 any information he 
 may have concerning 
 evidence of a 
 material violation of the 
 securities or other 
 laws, rules or 
 regulations applicable to 
 Daniels Corporate Advisory 
 and the operation 
 of our business, by Daniels Corporate Advisory or any of its 
 agents. 

Any
waiver of this Code of Ethics for any officer must be approved, if at all, in advance by a majority of the independent 
 directors serving on 
 Daniels Corporate Advisory s
board of directors. 
 Any such waivers 
 granted will be 
 publicly disclosed in accordance
with applicable rules, 
 regulations and listing 
 standards. 

We
will provide to any person without charge, upon request, a copy of our Code of Ethics. Any such request should be directed to
our corporate secretary at Parker Towers, 104-60, Queens Boulevard, 12th Floor, Forest Hills, New York 11375, telephone 242-3148,
or by e-mail at Onewallstreetn @aol.com. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered
class of our equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership. These reporting
persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all such reports they file. To our knowledge, based solely
on our review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written representations from certain insiders that no other reports
were required, we believe there were no applicable reporting persons based on all applicable Section 16(a) filing requirements
with respect to transactions during the fiscals year ended November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Executive
Officer Compensation 

At
present Daniels Corporate Advisory has only one executive officer. The compensation
program for future executives will consist
of three key 
 elements which will 
 be considered by 
 a compensation committee 
 to be appointed: 

A
base salary; 

A
performance bonus; and 

Periodic
grants and/or options of our common stock. 

Base
Salary . Daniels Corporate Advisory
chief executive officer 
 and all other 
 senior executive officers 
 receive compensation based on
such factors as 
 competitive industry salaries,
a subjective assessment 
 of the contribution 
 and experience of 
 the officer, and the specific recommendation by our chief executive officer. 

28 

Performance
Bonus . A portion of each officer s total annual compensation is in the form of a
bonus. All bonus payments to officers
must be approved by our compensation committee based on the individual officer s performance and company performance. 

Stock
Incentive . Stock options are 
 granted to executive 
 officers based on 
 their positions and 
 individual performance. Stock options provide incentive for the creation of
stockholder value over the long term and aid significantly in the recruitment and retention of 
 executive officers. The compensation
committee considers the 
 recommendations of the 
 chief executive officer 
 for stock option grants to executive officers (other than the chief executive
officer) and approves, disapproves or modifies such recommendation. See Market
Price of and 
 Dividends on our 
 Common Equity and 
 Related Stockholder Matters 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans. 

Compensation
to our officers 
 and employees will 
 be paid only 
 when we have 
 sufficient funds for 
 that purpose. At present, we do
not possess such funds. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets 
 forth, for the 
 last three fiscal 
 years, the compensation 
 earned for services 
 rendered in all 
 capacities by our chief 
 executive officer, chief 
 financial officer and 
 the other highest-paid 
 executive officers serving 
 as such at 
 the end of 
 2009 whose compensation for that fiscal year was in excess of 100,000. The
individuals named in the table will be hereinafter referred to as the Named Officers. No other executive
officer of Daniels Corporate Advisory received compensation in excess of 100,000 during fiscal years 2015 and 
 2014. 

We
currently have only one executive officer. Our tables reflect the total compensation accrued for the years indicated. The amounts
consist of a base salary only for those periods. Due to operating limitations and results of operations during those periods listed
there were no performance bonuses or grants of options and or stock incentives. This does not preclude future periods from including
such amounts. There was no interest accrued on these amounts nor will we accrue interest on such amounts. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Total ) 

Arthur D. Viola 
 2015 
 100,000 
 -0- 
 980,753 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 1,980,753 
 
 Arthur D. Viola 
 2014 
 100,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 100,000 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table provides information for each of our named executive officers as of the end of our last completed fiscal years,
November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014: 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options (#) 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Price ) 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 or Units 
 of Stock 
 That 
 Have 
 Not 
 Vested 
 Market Value of 
 Shares or 
 Units of 
 Stock 
 That Have 
 Not 
 Vested 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Units or 
 Other Rights 
 That Have 
 Not Vested 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Market or 
 Payout 
 Value of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Units or 
 Other 
 Rights 
 That Have 
 Not Vested 
 ) 
 
 A. D. Viola (1) 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 A. D. Viola (1) 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

(1)
Daniels Corporate Advisory chief executive officer. 

29 

Employment
Agreements 

As
of the date of this prospectus, Daniels Corporate Advisory does not have any employment agreements with its employees. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth, as of November 30, 2015, the number and percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock beneficially
owned by: (a) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock;
(b) each of our directors; (c) the Named Executive Officers; and (d) all current directors and executive officers, as a group.
As of February 29, 2016 there were 518,404,664 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Beneficial
ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Under this rule, certain shares may be deemed
to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of
the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire shares
(for example, upon exercise of an option or warrant) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing
the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such
person by reason of such acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in the following
table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual voting power at any particular date. 

To
our knowledge, except as indicated in the footnotes to this table and pursuant to applicable community property laws, the persons
named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned
by them. 

Beneficial
Ownership Table 

Common Stock Beneficially 
 Owned (2) 
 Preferred Stock Beneficially 
 Owned (2) 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number 
 Percent 
 Number 
 Percent 
 
 Arthur D. Viola (3) 
 31,185,000 
 6 
 100,000 
 100 
 
 All directors and officers as a group (one person) (1) 
 31,185,000 
 6 
 100,000 
 100 

Less than one percent. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the address for each of these shareholders is c/o Daniels Corporate Advisory Company, Inc., Parker Towers,
104-60, Queens Boulevard, 12th Floor, Forest Hills, New York 11375. Also, unless otherwise indicated, each person named in the
table above has the sole voting and investment power with respect to his shares of our common stock beneficially owned. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. As of February 26, 2014 there 355,001,887 shares of our common
stock issued and outstanding. 

The
100,000 shares of our super voting preferred stock, as amended, owned by Arthur D. Viola gives him the power to vote 66 and
2/3 percent shares of the share vote necessary for any issue requiring a common stock vote. 

30 

As
indicated in the table above, Arthur D. Viola, our key officer and director, owns 100,000 shares of our preferred stock which
equates to 100 percent of our preferred stock. Our Super Voting preferred stock has voting rights equal to 500 shares of the our
common stock for every one share of our preferred stock held, which equates to voting rights of 50,000,000 shares of the our common
stock. The voting rights of our common stock contained in our preferred stock along with the 2,454,500 common shares will provide
Mr. Viola with voting rights equal to 27,454,500 shares of our common stock, which amount exceeds the outstanding shares of our
common stock. As a result, Arthur D. Viola is able to influence all matters requiring stockholder approval including the election
of directors, merger or consolidation and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentration of ownership
may delay, deter or prevent acts that would result in a change of control, which in turn could reduce the market price of our
common stock. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

The
Audit Committee (entire board) of our Board is responsible for oversight and review of any related person transactions. We have
no related person transactions that require disclosure under this section. 

Director
Independence 

The
Board has determined that Mr. Viola is independent (or similarly designated) based on the Board s application of the standards
and rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC or the Internal Revenue Service, as appropriate. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
following table presents the estimated aggregate fees billed by John Scrudato CPA for services performed during our last two fiscal
years. 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 
 Audit fees(1) 
 7,000 
 7,000 
 
 Tax fees(2) 

All other fees(3) 

7,000 
 7,000 

(1) 
 
 Audit
 fees include professional services rendered for (i) the audit of our annual financial statements for the fiscal years ended
 November 30, 2015 and 2014, (ii) the reviews of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for
 such years and (iii) the issuance of consents and other matters relating to registration statements filed by us. 

(2) 
 
 There
 were no tax fees billed in these two periods. 

(3) 
 
 Other
 fees include professional services for review of various filings and issuance of consents. 

31 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 1. 
 Financial
 Statements 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Audited
Financial Statements for years ended November 30, 2015 and November 30, 201 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Balance
 Sheets as of November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014 
 F-2 
 
 Statements
 of Income and Expenses for the Years Ended November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014. 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014. 
 F-4 
 
 Statement
 of Changes in Stockholders Equity Expenses for the Years Ended November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014. 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows for the Years Ended November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014. 
 F-6 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows (continued) for the Years Ended November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014. 
 F-7 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 F-8 

2. 
 List
 of Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Filed herewith 

+
Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

32 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DANIELS
 CORPORATE ADVISORY COMPANY, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 ARTHUR D. VIOLA 

Arthur
 D. Viola 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer 

Date:
 February 29, 2016 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/S/
 ARTHUR D. VIOLA 
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February
 29, 2016 
 
 Arthur
 D. Viola 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) Acting Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) Director 

33 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors 

Daniels
Corporate Advisory Company, Inc. 

 New
York, NY 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Daniels Corporate Advisory Company, Inc., as of November 30, 2015 and 2014 and
the related statements of operations, comprehensive income(loss), changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the
years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of Daniels Corporate Advisory Company, Inc. management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatements. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining,
on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Daniels
Corporate Advisory Company, Inc. as of November 30, 2015 and 2014 and the results of its operations, comprehensive income(loss),
changes in stockholders equity and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 5, the Company has incurred significant losses since inception and has a working capital deficit. These factors raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these
matters are also discussed in Note 5. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

/s/
 John Scrudato 

CPA Califon, 

New Jersey 

March
8, 2016 

F- 1 

Daniels
Corporate Advisory Company, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

November 30, 2015 
 November 30, 2014 

Audited 
 Audited 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 22,941 
 89,733 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 0 
 4,530 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 0 
 3,136 
 
 Interest receivable 
 0 
 2,998 
 
 Note receivable 
 0 
 205,000 
 
 Deferred taxes 
 0 
 79,725 
 
 Deposits 
 27,500 
 0 
 
 Investments 
 8,026 
 10,200 

Total Current Assets 
 58,467 
 395,322 

Liabilities and Equity(Deficit) 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 803,959 
 805,363 
 
 Derivative Liability 
 383,396 
 0 
 
 Note payable net of discount 108,732 and 0 
 172,896 
 0 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 1,360,251 
 805,363 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Daniels Corporate Advisory Company, Inc.( DCAC Shareholders 
 Deficit 

Preferred Stock, .001 par value; 100,000 shares authorized 100,000 issued
 and outstanding 11/30/2015 and 11/30/2014 
 100 
 100 
 
 Common Stock, 001 par value; 750,000,000 shares authorized 86,462,512 and
 10,791,319 shares issued and outstanding 11/30/2015 and 11/30/2014 
 86,463 
 10,791 
 
 Additional paid-in-capital 
 6,181,755 
 4,168,923 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (7,513,779 
 (4,551,010 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) 
 (56,323 
 (38,845 
 
 Total Equity(Deficit) 
 (1,301,784 
 (410,041 
 
 Total liabilities and equity(Deficit) 
 58,467 
 395,322 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 2 

Daniels
Corporate Advisory Company, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

For the Years Ended 

November 30, 2015 
 November 30, 2014 

Audited 
 Audited 
 
 Revenues 
 45,493 
 0 

Operating Expenses 
 1,983,392 
 157,996 

Net Income(Loss) from Operations 
 (1,937,899 
 (157,996 

Other Income (Expense): 

Impairment 
 (340,000 
 0 
 
 Debt Forgiveness 
 0 
 500,000 
 
 Derivative expense 
 (163,753 
 0 
 
 Gain on debt retirement 
 108,317 
 0 
 
 Interest (income) expense 
 (272,025 
 2,998 
 
 Derivative liability gain 
 (55,322 
 0 

(722,783 
 502,998 
 
 Net Income(Loss) Before 

Provision for Income Taxes 
 (2,660,682 
 345,002 

Provision for income taxes 
 79,725 
 73,831 

Net Income(Loss) before discontinued operations 
 (2,740,407 
 271,171 

Net Income Loss discontinued operations 
 (222,362 
 26,728 

Net Income(Loss) 
 (2,962,769 
 297,899 

Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share before discontinued
 operations 
 (0.08 
 0.03 

Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share discontinued operations 
 (0.01 
 0.00 

Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share 
 (0.08 
 0.03 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 
 35,423,450 
 9,565,374 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 3 

Daniels
Corporate Advisory Company, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

For the Years Ended 

November 30, 2015 
 November 30, 2014 

Audited 
 Audited 

Net loss 
 (2,962,769 
 297,899 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 0 
 0 

Unrealized gains(losses) arising during the period 
 17,478 
 117 
 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 
 (2,945,291 
 298,016 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 4 

Daniels
Corporate Advisory Company, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statement of Stockholders Equity(Deficit) 

 For
the years Ended November 30, 2015 and 2014 

 Audited 

Preferred 
 Common 
 Contributed 
 Capital in 
 Excess of 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 PAR Value 
 Items 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balances November 30, 2013 
 100,000 
 100 
 9,891,319 
 9,891 
 3,951,824 
 (38,962 
 (4,848,909 
 (926,056 

Shares issued as compensation 

900,000 
 900 
 217,099 

217,999 
 
 Other unrealized gain(loss) 

117 
 
 117 
 
 Net loss FYE 11/30/14 

297,899 
 297,899 

Balances November 30, 2014 
 100,000 
 100 
 10,791,319 
 10,791 
 4,168,923 
 (38,845 
 (4,551,010 
 (410,041 

Shares issued as compensation 

54,706,970 
 54,708 
 1,819,855 

1,874,563 
 
 Stock exchanged for debt 

20,964,223 
 20,964 
 71,987 

92,951 
 
 Other unrealized gain(loss) 

(17,478 
 
 (17,478 
 
 Reclass of derivative liability 

120,990 

120,990 
 
 Net loss FYE 11/30/15 

(2,962,769 
 (2,962,769 

Balances November 30, 2015 
 100,000 
 100 
 86,462,512 
 86,463 
 6,181,755 
 (56,323 
 (7,513,779 
 (1,301,784 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 5 

Daniels
Corporate Advisory Company, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended 

November 30, 2015 
 November 30, 2014 

Audited 
 Audited 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 
 (2,962,769 
 297,899 
 
 Common stock issued for services 
 1,874,563 
 218,000 
 
 (Gain) loss on derivative liability 
 383,396 
 0 
 
 Impairment of note receivable 
 340,000 
 0 
 
 Realized (gain) loss on securities 
 17,478 
 117 

(Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses 
 3,136 
 54,013 
 
 (Increase) decrease in other assets 
 82,723 
 106 
 
 (Increase) decrease in accounts receivable 
 4,530 
 56,913 
 
 Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued
 expenses 
 1,404 
 (335,124 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (255,539 
 291,924 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities: 

Deposits 
 (27,500 
 0 
 
 Investment in for sale securities 
 (15,300 
 0 
 
 Net cash provided(used) by investing activities 
 (42,800 
 0 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments on convertible notes 
 (23,750 
 0 
 
 Issuance of note receivable 
 (140,000 
 (205,000 
 
 Proceeds from convertible notes 
 395,297 
 0 
 
 Net cash provided(used) by financing activities 
 231,547 
 (205,000 

Increase in cash and equivalents 
 (66,792 
 86,924 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 89,733 
 2,809 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 22,941 
 89,733 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 6 

Daniels
Corporate Advisory Company, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended 

November 30, 2015 
 November 30, 2014 

Unaudited 
 Unaudited 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest 
 0 
 0 

Income taxes 
 0 
 0 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Unrealized gain (loss) on securities 
 17,478 
 117 

Common stock issued for compensation 
 1,874,563 
 218,000 

Debt Forgiveness 
 0 
 500,000 

Equity for debt conversions 
 92,951 
 0 

Reclassification of derivative liabilities 
 120,990 
 0 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 7 

DANIELS
CORPORATE ADVISORY COMPANY, INC. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND NOVEMBER 30, 2014 

NOTE
1- ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

Daniels
Corporate Advisory Company, Inc.(The company) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 2, 2002. The Company was organized
to offer: (a) corporate financial consulting and (b) merchant banking services for public and private client companies interested
in implementing Daniels developed, agreed upon, accelerated growth strategies; including MBO/LBO, Roll-up Transactions. Merchant
banking includes equity funding of the growth of client and service companies, as well as funding equity of small public companies.
The business became a subsidiary in late 2003 as a result of INfe Human Resources, Inc. (a publicly quoted Nevada Company) acquiring
the common stock of Daniels Corporate Advisory Company, Inc. During August 24010, INfe Human Resources, Inc. underwent a name
change to Rhino Human Resources, Inc., but is still public and trades under the same (original) stock symbol: IFHR. 

The
company has a growth goal of providing advisory services to business services as well as non-business services client companies.
The company works with companies seeking to create and/or acquire adjunct service businesses, whose services will initially provide
better lifestyles for its existing workforce, and ultimately will be packaged, on an additional profit center basis, for sale
to other small companies for the retention of their employees. The profits generated from all the financial consulting assignments
will be available for venture investment in public or private client companies, as well as other quality business concept/operating
companies, both public and private; through the Daniels Merchant Bank Division. 

The
Daniels Merchant Bank has an in-house equity funding program, whereby Daniels will participate in consulting client potential
growth by helping finance the growth of public and private client, business service companies, as well as non-business service
companies. The Merchant Bank will also participate in non-client potential growth by the purchase of equity in attractive small
public companies whose growth strategies are in line with a philosophy of growth through leveraged acquisitions. 

The
Company formed on October 11, 2013 Daniel s Logistics Inc. a wholly owned operating subsidiary in the field of logistics
was incorporated in the state of Nevada to take advantage of niche operating opportunities and possible acquisitions in the logistics
field. During the quarter ending May 31, 2015 the Company discontinued these operations until further analysis could be done on
the overall effectiveness of all Company operations. 

NOTE
2- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis
of Presentation: 

We
have prepared the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC including the instructions to Form S-1 and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X.
Such rules and regulations allow us to condense and omit certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial
statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We believe these
condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal, recurring adjustments) that are necessary
for a fair presentation of our consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations for the periods presented. 

Election
to be treated as an emerging growth company: 

For
the five year period starting in the first quarter of 2012, Daniels if continuing eligibility applies has elected to use the extended
transition period now available for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b) (1). This election
allows Daniels to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and
private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of the Company still being eligible, the Daniels
financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

F- 8 

DANIELS
CORPORATE ADVISORY COMPANY, INC. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND NOVEMBER 30, 2014 

NOTE
2- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

FASB
Codification: 

In
June 2009, the FASB issued ASC 105, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Codification effective for
interim and annual reporting periods ending after September 15, 2009. This statement establishes the Codification as the source
of authoritative accounting principles used in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles. The Codification does not replace or affect guidance issued by the SEC or its staff. As a result of the Codification,
the references to authoritative accounting pronouncements included herein in this Annual Report now refer to the Codification
topic section rather than a specific accounting rule as was past practice. 

Use
of Estimates: 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Risk
and Uncertainties: 

Our
future results of operations and financial condition will be impacted by the following factors, among others: our lack of capital
resources, dependence on third-party management to operate the companies in which we invest and dependence on the successful development
and marketing of any new products in new and existing markets. Generally, we are unable to predict the future status of these
areas of risk and uncertainty. However, negative trends or conditions in these areas could have an adverse affect on our business. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents: 

For
financial statement presentation purposes, short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less
are considered to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash accounts at several financial institutions, which at times
may exceed the insurable FDIC limit, but management believes that there is little risk of loss. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments: 

In
September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) introduced a framework for measuring fair value and expanded required
disclosure about fair value measurements of assets and liabilities. The Company adopted the standard for those financial assets
and liabilities as of the beginning of the 2008 fiscal year and the impact of adoption was not significant. FASB Accounting Standards
Codification (ASC) 820 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (ASC 820) defines fair value as the price
that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions
developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2) an entity s own assumptions
about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs).
The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels
of the fair value hierarchy are described below: 

F- 9 

DANIELS
CORPORATE ADVISORY COMPANY, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND NOVEMBER 30, 2014 

NOTE
2- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Level
 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted
 assets or liabilities. 

Level
 2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability; either directly
 or indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or
 similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the
 asset or liability (e.g. interest rates); and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market
 data by correlation or other means. 

Level
 3 Inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. 

The
respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair values due to the short-term
nature of these instruments. These financial instruments include investments in available-for-sale securities and accounts payable
and accrued expenses. The Company has also applied ASC 820 for all non-financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a non-recurring basis. The adoption of ASC 820 for non-financial assets and liabilities did not have a significant impact on
the Company s financial statements. 

Investments: 

Our
investments consist of common stock of publicly quoted companies and are valued based on the closing stock price. We account for
our investments in accordance with ASC Topic 320, Investments. We have designated our investments at February 28, 2013
as available-for-sale and reported these investments at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses recorded in other comprehensive
income (loss). We determined the fair value of these investments based on the closing quoted stock price on February 28, 2013.
We base the cost of the investment sold on the specific identification method using market rates. 

Comprehensive
Income: 

ASC
Topic 220 (SFAS No. 130) establishes standards for reporting comprehensive income and its components. Comprehensive income is
defined as the change in equity during a period from transactions and other events from non-owner sources. Per the consolidated
financial statements, the Company has purchased available-for-sale securities that are subject to this reporting. 

Other-Than-Temporary
Impairment: 

All
of our non-marketable and other investments are subject to a periodic impairment review. Investments are considered to be impaired
when a decline in fair value is judged to be other-than-temporary. 

When
events or changes in circumstances indicate that long-lived assets other than goodwill may be impaired, an evaluation is performed
to determine if a write-down to fair value is required. When an asset is classified as held for sale, the asset s book value
is evaluated and adjusted to the lower of its carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. In addition, depreciation and amortization
ceases while it is classified as held for sale. 

F- 10 

DANIELS
CORPORATE ADVISORY COMPANY, INC. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND NOVEMBER 30, 2014 

NOTE
2- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

The
indicators that we use to identify those events and circumstances include: 

the
 investee s revenue and earnings trends relative to predefined milestones and overall business prospects; 

the
 general market conditions in the investee s industry or geographic area, including regulatory or economic changes; 

factors
 related to the investee s ability to remain in business, such as the investee s liquidity, debt ratios, and the
 rate at which the investee is using its cash; and 

the
 investee s receipt of additional funding at a lower valuation. If an investee obtains additional funding at a valuation
 lower than our carrying amount or a new round of equity funding is required for the investee to remain in business, and the
 new round of equity does not appear imminent, it is presumed that the investment is other than temporarily impaired, unless
 specific facts and circumstances indicate otherwise. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements: 

The
Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its consolidated financial statements
and does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact
on its financial position or results of operations. 

F- 11 

DANIELS
CORPORATE ADVISORY COMPANY, INC. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND NOVEMBER 30, 2014 

NOTE
2- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Revenue
and Cost Recognition: 

The
Company applies paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes
revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all
of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the
services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably
assured. 

Daniels
Corporate Advisory Company, Inc., (Daniels) has revenues as a result of corporate financial consulting services which are recognized
as services are performed. Daniels also operates the merchant banking division, which did not have any revenues to recognize. 

Fixed
Assets: 

Fixed
assets acquired would be reported at cost less accumulated depreciation, which is generally provided on the straight-line method
over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Upon sale or retirement of an asset, the related costs and accumulated depreciation
are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is recognized. 

Financing
Fees: 

Financing
fees were being amortized over the life of the related liability on the straight-line method which is not materially different
than using the effective interest method. All amortization has been expensed since the ongoing staffing operations have discontinued
from which the finance fees were originally accrued. 

Net
Income (Loss) Per Share 

The
Company reports basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) according to the provisions of ASC Topic 260, which requires the presentation
of basic EPS and, for companies with complex capital structures, diluted EPS. Basic EPS excludes dilution and is computed by dividing
net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.
Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders, adjusted by other changes in income or
loss that would result from the assumed conversion of those potential common shares, by the weighted number of common shares and
common share equivalents (unless their effect is antidilutive) outstanding. Common stock equivalents are not included in the computation
of diluted earnings per share when the Company reports a loss because to do so would be anti-dilutive. Thus, these equivalents
are not included in the calculation of diluted loss per share, resulting in basic and diluted loss per share being equal. The
following is a reconciliation of the computation for basic and diluted EPS for the years ended November 30, 2015 and 2014: 

F- 12 

DANIELS
CORPORATE ADVISORY COMPANY, INC. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND NOVEMBER 30, 2014 

NOTE
2- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

11/30/2015 
 11/30/2014 
 
 Net (Loss) 
 (2,962,769 
 297,899 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic 

Weighted-average common stock 
 35,423,450 
 9,565,374 
 
 Equivalents 

Stock options 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 - 
 - 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding- basic and diluted 
 35,423,450 
 9,565,374 

NOTE
3- RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

The
Company currently rents space from Arthur Viola, CEO and shareholder. This is a month to month rental and there is no commitment
beyond each month. The monthly rent is 2,025 and three months was expensed in the quarter ending August 31, 2015. Arthur Viola
was also compensated through stock issuance in the quarter 9,850,000 shares valued at 209,705. 

F- 13 

DANIELS
CORPORATE ADVISORY COMPANY, INC. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND NOVEMBER 30, 2014 

NOTE
4- INVESTMENTS 

Investments
consist of a portfolio of common stocks trading on the OTC: BB. The fair market values of the investments held for sale were 191
and 195 at November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014, respectively. Due to the immaterial amounts and that they are liquid they
have been classified as cash equivalents. Investments held as other assets as long term investments had fair market values of
 8,026 and 10,200 at November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014, respectively. Other assets are securities of the Company s
clients for long term capital appreciation. The total net unrealized loss for the period ended November 30, 2015 was 17,478 and
the total net realized gain for the period ended November 30, 2014 was 117. 

Cash
Equivalents are marketable securities that are available-for-sale and not deemed long term investments by the Company. During
the periods ended November 30, 2015 and 2014, there were no available-for-sale securities sold and gross realized (losses) gains
on these sales were zero. For purpose of determining gross realized gains, the cost of securities when sold is based on the FIFO
method of valuation. Net unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities both in cash and investments was (56,323)
and (38,845), respectively, for November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014 and have been included in accumulated other comprehensive
income. 

NOTE
5- GOING CONCERN 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. Currently, the
Company has recurring operating losses, and as of November 30, 2015 the Company had a working capital deficit and an accumulated
deficit. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management believes
that the Company s capital requirements will depend on many factors including the success of the Company s development
efforts and its efforts to raise capital. Management also believes the Company needs to raise additional capital for working capital
purposes. There is no assurance that such financing will be available in the future. The conditions described above raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that might
be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

NOTE
6- COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Commitments: 

The
Company currently has no long term commitments. 

Contingencies: 

None 

F- 14 

DANIELS
CORPORATE ADVISORY COMPANY, INC. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND NOVEMBER 30, 2014 

NOTE
7- INCOME TAXES 

As
of November 30, 2015, the Company had approximately 7,500,000 in net operating loss carry forwards for federal income tax purposes
which expire between 2016 and 2032. Generally, these can be carried forward and applied against future taxable income at the tax
rate applicable at that time. We are currently using a 35 effective tax rate for our projected available net operating loss carry-forward.
However, as a result of potential stock offerings and stock issuance in connection with potential acquisitions, as well as the
possibility of the Company not realizing its business plan objectives and having future taxable income to offset, the Company s
use of these NOLs may be limited under the provisions of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Company
is in the process of evaluating the implications of Section 382 on its ability to utilize some or all of its NOLs. 

Components
of deferred tax assets and (liabilities) are as follows: 

30-Nov-15 
 30-Nov-14 
 
 Net operating loss carry forwards valuation available 
 7,513,779 
 4,555,010 

Valuation Allowances 
 7,491,918 
 4,320,525 
 
 Deferred Tax Asset 
 7,433 
 79,725 

The
effective tax rate is as follows: 

Statutory Federal Rate 
 34 
 
 Effect of Valuation Allowance 
 (34 
 
 Effective Rate 
 0 

In
accordance with FASB ASC 740 Income Taxes , valuation allowances are provided against deferred tax assets, if based
on the weight of available evidence, some or all of the deferred tax assets may or will not be realized. The Company has evaluated
its ability to realize some or all of the deferred tax assets on its balance sheet and has established a valuation allowance in
the amount of the full NOL at November 30, 2015. The Company did not utilize any NOL deductions for the full fiscal year ended
November 30, 2015. 

NOTE
8 - NOTES PAYABLE 

Other
than as described below, there were no issuances of securities without registration under the Securities Act of 1933 during the
reporting period which were not previously included in our previous form 10K. 

On
February 23, 2015, the Company entered in convertible note agreement with a private and accredited investor, LG Capital, in the
amount of 37,500, unsecured, with principal and interest(stated at 8 amounts due and payable upon maturity on August 13, 2015.
After six months, the note holder has the option to convert any portion of the unpaid principal balance into the Company s
common shares at any time. The Company has determined that the conversion feature in this note is not indexed to the Company s
stock, and is considered to be a derivative that requires bifurcation. The Company calculated the fair value of this conversion
feature using the Black-Scholes model and the following assumptions: Risk-free interest rates ranging from .03 to .08 ; Dividend
rate of 0 ; and, historical volatility rates ranging from 195 to 236 . This note was paid off as of August 31, 2015. 

On
April 28, 2015, the Company entered in convertible note agreement with a private and accredited investor, KBM Capital, in the
amount of 69,000, unsecured, with principal and interest(stated at 8 amounts due and payable upon maturity on October 28, 2015.
After six months, the note holder has the option to convert any portion of the unpaid principal balance into the Company s
common shares at any time. The Company has determined that the conversion feature in this note is not indexed to the Company s
stock, and is considered to be a derivative that requires bifurcation. The Company calculated the fair value of this conversion
feature using the Black-Scholes model and the following assumptions: Risk-free interest rates ranging from .03 to .08 ; Dividend
rate of 0 ; and, historical volatility rates ranging from 195 to 236 . As of November 30, 2015 the note balance was 24,000. 

F- 15 

DANIELS
CORPORATE ADVISORY COMPANY, INC. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND NOVEMBER 30, 2014 

NOTE
8 - NOTES PAYABLE (CONTINUED) 

On
April 28, 2015, the Company entered in convertible note agreement with a private and accredited investor, JMJ Capital, in the
amount of 16,500, unsecured, with principal and interest(stated at 12 amounts due and payable upon maturity on October 28,
2017. After twenty four months, the note holder has the option to convert any portion of the unpaid principal balance into the
Company s common shares at any time. The Company has determined that the conversion feature in this note is not indexed
to the Company s stock, and is considered to be a derivative that requires bifurcation. The Company calculated the fair
value of this conversion feature using the Black-Scholes model and the following assumptions: Risk-free interest rates ranging
from .03 to .08 ; Dividend rate of 0 ; and, historical volatility rates ranging from 195 to 236 . This note was paid off as
of August 31, 2015. 

On
May 5, 2015, the Company entered in convertible note agreement with a private and accredited investor, LG Capital, in the amount
of 26,150, unsecured, with principal and interest(stated at 12 amounts due and payable upon maturity on November 5, 2017. After
twenty four months, the note holder has the option to convert any portion of the unpaid principal balance into the Company s
common shares at any time. The Company has determined that the conversion feature in this note is not indexed to the Company s
stock, and is considered to be a derivative that requires bifurcation. The Company calculated the fair value of this conversion
feature using the Black-Scholes model and the following assumptions: Risk-free interest rates ranging from .03 to .08 ; Dividend
rate of 0 ; and, historical volatility rates ranging from 195 to 236 . The unconverted balance was transferred to Essex Capital
as of November 30, 2015. 

On
May 14, 2015, the Company entered in convertible note agreement with a private and accredited investor, KBM Capital, in the amount
of 50,000, unsecured, with principal and interest(stated at 8 amounts due and payable upon maturity on November 14, 2015. After
six months, the note holder has the option to convert any portion of the unpaid principal balance into the Company s common
shares at any time. The Company has determined that the conversion feature in this note is not indexed to the Company s
stock, and is considered to be a derivative that requires bifurcation. The Company calculated the fair value of this conversion
feature using the Black-Scholes model and the following assumptions: Risk-free interest rates ranging from .03 to .08 ; Dividend
rate of 0 ; and, historical volatility rates ranging from 195 to 236 . As of November 30, 2015 the note balance was 50,000 and
the unamortized discount was 29,620 fully amortized. 

On
May 15, 2015, the Company entered in convertible note agreement with a private and accredited investor, Actus Capital, in the
amount of 55,000, unsecured, with principal and interest(stated at 10 amounts due and payable upon maturity on February 15,
2016. After nine months, the note holder has the option to convert any portion of the unpaid principal balance into the Company s
common shares at any time. The Company has determined that the conversion feature in this note is not indexed to the Company s
stock, and is considered to be a derivative that requires bifurcation. The Company calculated the fair value of this conversion
feature using the Black-Scholes model and the following assumptions: Risk-free interest rates ranging from .03 to .08 ; Dividend
rate of 0 ; and, historical volatility rates ranging from 195 to 236 . As of November 30, 2015 the note balance was 35,828 fully
amortized. 

On
August 18, 2015, the Company entered in convertible note agreement with a private and accredited investor, VIS VIRES Group, in
the amount of 26,000, unsecured, with principal and interest (stated at 8 amounts due and payable upon maturity on February
14, 2016. After six months, the note holder has the option to convert any portion of the unpaid principal balance into the Company s
common shares at any time. The Company has determined that the conversion feature in this note is not indexed to the Company s
stock, and is considered to be a derivative that requires bifurcation. The Company calculated the fair value of this conversion
feature using the Black-Scholes model and the following assumptions: Risk-free interest rates ranging from .03 to .08 ; Dividend
rate of 0 ; and, historical volatility rates ranging from 195 to 236 . As of November 30, 2015 the note balance was 26,000 and
the unamortized discount was 10,833. 

On
August 27, 2015, the Company entered in convertible note agreement with a private and accredited investor, JMJ Capital, in the
amount of 25,000, unsecured, with principal and interest(stated at 8 amounts due and payable upon maturity on August 27, 2017.
After six months, the note holder has the option to convert any portion of the unpaid principal balance into the Company s
common shares at any time. The Company has determined that the conversion feature in this note is not indexed to the Company s
stock, and is considered to be a derivative that requires bifurcation. The Company calculated the fair value of this conversion
feature using the Black-Scholes model and the following assumptions: Risk-free interest rates ranging from .03 to .08 ; Dividend
rate of 0 ; and, historical volatility rates ranging from 195 to 236 . As of November 30, 2015 the note balance was 23,750 and
the unamortized discount was 11,875. 

On
August 31, 2015, the Company entered in convertible note agreement with a private and accredited investor, LG Capital, in the
amount of 75,000, unsecured, with principal and interest(stated at 8 amounts due and payable upon maturity on February 28,
2016. After six months, the note holder has the option to convert any portion of the unpaid principal balance into the Company s
common shares at any time. The Company has determined that the conversion feature in this note is not indexed to the Company s
stock, and is considered to be a derivative that requires bifurcation. The Company calculated the fair value of this conversion
feature using the Black-Scholes model and the following assumptions: Risk-free interest rates ranging from .03 to .08 ; Dividend
rate of 0 ; and, historical volatility rates ranging from 195 to 236 . As of May 31, 2015 the note balance was 71,250 and the
unamortized discount was 35,625. 

On
September 16, 2015, the Company entered in convertible note agreement with a private and accredited investor, Essex Capital LLC,
in the amount of 50,800, unsecured, with principal and interest(stated at 8 amounts due and payable upon maturity on March
16, 2016. After six months, the note holder has the option to convert any portion of the unpaid principal balance into the Company s
common shares at any time. 37,500 of this principal was from our original April 28, 2015 note with LG Capital and the rest was
cash infusion. The Company has determined that the conversion feature in this note is not indexed to the Company s stock,
and is considered to be a derivative that requires bifurcation. The Company calculated the fair value of this conversion feature
using the Black-Scholes model and the following assumptions: Risk-free interest rates ranging from .03 to .08 ; Dividend rate
of 0 ; and, historical volatility rates ranging from 195 to 236 . As of November 30, 2015 the note balance was 50,800 and the
unamortized discount was 19,250. 

F- 16 

DANIELS
CORPORATE ADVISORY COMPANY, INC. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND NOVEMBER 30, 2014 

NOTE
9- DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES 

The
Company accounts for derivative financial instruments in accordance with ASC 815, which requires that all derivative financial
instruments be recorded in the balance sheets either as assets or liabilities at fair value. 

The
Company s derivative liability is an embedded derivative associated with one of the Company s convertible promissory
notes. The convertible promissory notes were issued at various times but with similar terms and are therefore being termed as
one instrument for this footnote, (the Note ), is a hybrid instruments which contain an embedded derivative feature
which would individually warrant separate accounting as a derivative instrument under Paragraph 815-10-05-4. The embedded derivative
feature includes the conversion feature to the Note. Pursuant to Paragraph 815-10-05-4, the value of the embedded derivative liability
have been bifurcated from the debt host contract and recorded as a derivative liability resulting in a reduction of the initial
carrying amount (as unamortized discount) of the notes, which are amortized as debt discount to be presented in other (income)
expenses in the statements of operations using the effective interest method over the life of the notes. 

The
embedded derivative within the note have been valued using the Black Scholes approach, recorded at fair value at the date of issuance;
and marked-to-market at each reporting period end date with changes in fair value recorded in the Company s statements of
operations as change in the fair value of derivative instrument . 

As
of November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014, the estimated fair value of derivative liability was determined to be 383,396 and
 0, respectively. During the year to date net additional derivative liabilities of 559,708 were recognized with a debt discount
of 395,955. During the year ended November 30, 2015, amortization of 272,025 was recorded against the note discounts. The change
in the fair value of derivative liabilities for the year ended November 30, 2015 was 55,322 resulting in an aggregate loss on
derivative liabilities. 

Summary
of Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured on a Recurring Basis 

Financial
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below and disclosed ay November 30, 2014: 

Fair
 Value Measurement Using 

Carrying
 Value 
 Level
 1 
 Level
 2 
 Level
 3 
 Total 
 
 Derivative liabilities on conversion feature 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total derivative liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Summary
of Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured on a Recurring Basis 

Financial
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below and disclosed November 30, 2015: 

Fair Value Measurement Using 

Carrying Value 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Derivative liabilities on conversion feature 
 383,396 
 - 
 - 
 383,396 
 383,396 
 
 Total derivative liabilities 
 383,396 
 - 
 - 
 383,396 
 383,396 

F- 17 

DANIELS
CORPORATE ADVISORY COMPANY, INC. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 2015 AND NOVEMBER 30, 2014 

NOTE
9- DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES (CONTINUED) 

Summary
of the Changes in Fair Value of Level 3 Financial Liabilities 

The
table below provides a summary of the changes in fair value, including net transfers in and/or out, of all financial assets and
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the year ended
November 30, 2015: 

Derivative Liability 
 
 Fair value, December 1, 2014 
 0 
 
 Additions 
 559,708 
 
 Conversions on derivative extinguishment 
 (120,990 
 
 Change in fair value 

Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 
 (55,322 
 
 Fair value, November 30, 2015 
 383,396 

NOTE
10- NOTE RECEIVABLE 

The
Company has advanced funds to Companies in the logistics field in a dual effort to earn higher returns on idle funds and to help
clients expand their businesses which increases our customer base. This is an unsecured demand note with a stated interest rate
of 8 . The balance was 315,000 at August 31, 2015. The entire balance was impaired as management deemed this uncollectible at
November 30, 2015. 

NOTE
11- LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On
May 29, 2015, we were notified that Lazarus Logistics and Consultants Corp. threatened to file a lawsuit against us alleging breach
of contract, with a request for specific performance, breach of contract on a loan agreement. A settlement has been negotiated
as of the date of this report. 

We
are not engaged in any other litigation at the present time, and management is unaware of any claims or complaints that could
result in future litigation. Management will seek to minimize disputes with its customers but recognizes the inevitability of
legal action in today s business environment as an unfortunate price of conducting business. 

NOTE
12- DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

During
the quarter our capital and human resource efforts to build the Daniels Logistics subsidiary have been limited due to ongoing
negotiations with independent contractors and the fact that we recognized and are committing capital and human resources to the
Food Beverage Industry niches, those with the potential for significantly higher rates of return on human and financial
capital than currently available in Logistics. We have not ruled out re-entry into Logistics during the current fiscal year. 

For
comparative purposes results from our logistics segment has been reclassified into discontinued operation for this and prior periods.
The company is continuing to compile all of the results of these activities but feels the net number presented is reasonable for
these financial statements. 

NOTE-
13 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

None
as of the date of this filing. 

F- 18 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

I,
Arthur D. Viola, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Daniels Corporate Advisory Company, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
 presented in this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
 on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 February 29, 2016 
 By: 
 /s/
 Arthur D. Viola 

Arthur
 D. Viola 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer and 

Acting
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Daniels Corporate Advisory Company, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the
period ending November 30, 2015, (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof, I, Arthur D. Viola, President, Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 February 29, 2016 
 By: 
 /s/
 Arthur D. Viola 

Arthur
 D. Viola 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) Acting Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 dcac-20151130.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 dcac-20151130.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 dcac-20151130_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 dcac-20151130_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 dcac-20151130_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 dcac-20151130_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

