<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20160324_10-K_edgar_data_1211211_0001642863-16-000013.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1926240</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>231056</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>109078</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>913563</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>312694</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>263593</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001642863-16-000013.hdr.sgml : 20160324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20160324072635
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001642863-16-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			China Media Group CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001211211
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				320034926
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50431
		FILM NUMBER:		161525357

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9901 I.H. 10 WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78230
		BUSINESS PHONE:		01186755 61657704

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9901 I.H. 10 WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78230

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DELIGHTFULLY FROZEN CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20021219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001642863-16-000013.txt : 20160324

10-K
 1
 r10k-123114cmg.htm
 10-K ENDED ON DECEMBER 31, 2014

MEDIAN GROUP INC. 

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-K 

(X)
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 

------------------------------------------------------------ 

() TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from [ ] to [ ] 

------------------------------------------------------------ 

 Commission
File Number: 000-50431 

MEDIAN
GROUP INC. 

 (Formerly
Clixster Mobile Group Inc.) 

 ------------------------------------------------------------ 

(Exact name
of small business issuer as specified in its charter) 

Texas 
 7310 
 32-0034926 
 
 (State or other 
 (Primary Standard Industrial 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 jurisdiction of 
 Classification Code Number) 
 Identification No.) 
 
 incorporation or organization) 

Level
 7, Tower 7, Avenue 5, The Horizon Bangsar South, No.8 Jalan Kerinchi, 
 59200,
 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 N/A 
 
 (Address of Company's principal executive
 offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Tel:
+603 2242 3995 Fax: +603 2242 4317 

 (Company's
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

CLIXSTER
MOBILE GROUP INC. 

 No.
18-2, Jalan Sri Hartamas 8, Taman Sri Hartamas 

 50480
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 

CHINA
MEDIA GROUP CORPORATION 

 No.
55 Jalan Snuker 13/28, Tadisma Business Park, 

 Section
13, 40100 Shah Alam, Selangor Malaysia 

 (Former
Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year if Changed Since Last Report) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class registered: 
 ------------------------------- 
 None 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered: 
 ------------------------------------------ 
 None 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, No Par Value 

 (Title
of Class) 

Indicate
 by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
 Act. 
 [ 
 ] Yes [ x ] No 

Indicate
 by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section
 15(d) of the Act. 
 [ 
 ] Yes [ x ] No 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13
 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
 period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
 requirements for the past 90 days. 
 [
 x ] Yes [ ] No 

Indicate
 by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained
 herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
 statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 [ 
 ] 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
 reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller
 reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

[ 
 ] Large accelerated filer 
 [ 
 ] Accelerated filer 
 [ 
 ] Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 [
 x ] Smaller reporting company 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 [ 
 ]Yes [ x ] No 

The
 aggregate market value of the registrant's voting stock held by non-affiliates (11,307,232,960 shares) of the registrant based
 upon the per share closing price of 0.01 on December 31, 2014 was approximately 113,072,330. 

Solely
 for the purpose of this calculation, shares held by directors and officers of the registrant have been excluded. Such exclusion
 should not be deemed a determination or an admission by registrant that such individuals are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant. 

As
 of December 31, 2015, there were 11,307,232,960 no par value common stock of the Company issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
 INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Exhibits
 incorporated by reference are referred under Part IV. 

DEFINITIONS
 AND CONVENTIONS 

References
 to China refer to the Peoples' Republic of China. 

References
 to Common Stock means the common stock, no par value, of the Company. 

References
 to the Commission or SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 References
 to the Clixster Mobile means Clixster Mobile Sdn. Bhd., a company incorporated in Malaysia that is a mobile virtual
 network operator (MVNO) and principally engaged in providing cellular and mobile broadband services in Malaysia. 

References
 to Company , MGI , we , our means Median Group Inc. (fka Clixster Mobile Group
 Inc. and China Media Group Corporation) and include, unless the context requires or indicate otherwise, the operation of its
 subsidiaries (all hereinafter defined). 

References
 to 33 Act or Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

References
 to 34 Act or Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

FORWARD-LOOKING
 STATEMENTS 

This
 Form 10-K report contains forward-looking statements of management of the Company that are, by their nature, subject to risks
 and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are statements that estimate the happening of future events are not based on
 historical fact. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as may ,
 shall , could , expect , estimate , anticipate , predict ,
 probable , possible , should , continue , or similar terms, variations
 of those terms or the negative of those terms. The forward-looking statements appear in a number of places in this Form 10-K
 report have been formed by our management on the basis of assumptions made by management and considered by management to be
 reasonable. However, whether actual results and developments will meet the Company's expectations and predictions depends
 on a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors, any or all of which could cause actual results,
 performance or achievements to differ materially from Company's expectations, whether expressed or implied by such forward
 looking statements. Our future operating results are impossible to predict and no representation, guaranty, or warranty is
 to be inferred from those forward-looking statements. 

The
 assumptions used for purposes of the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K report represents estimates of
 future events and are subject to uncertainty as to possible changes in economic, legislative, industry, and other circumstances.
 As a result, the identification and interpretation of data and other information and their use in developing and selecting
 assumptions from and among reasonable alternatives require the exercise of judgment. To the extent that the assumed events
 do not occur, the outcome may vary substantially from anticipated or projected results, and, accordingly, no opinion is expressed
 on the achievability of those forward-looking statements. No assurance can be given that any of the assumptions relating to
 the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K report are accurate, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking
 statements. If we do update or correct one or more forward-looking statements, investors and others should not conclude that
 we will make additional updates or corrections with respect to other forward-looking statements. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 

ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 

ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 20 

ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 

ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant's
 Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 

ITEM 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 23 

ITEM 7. 
 Management's
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 24 

ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
 About Market Risk 
 26 

ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data 
 27 

ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and
 Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 27 

ITEM 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 27 

ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 28 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
 Governance 
 29 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 34 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership
 of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 36 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
 and Director Independence 
 37 

Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 37 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement
 Schedules 
 38 

SIGNATURES 
 
 40 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

OUR
 BACKGROUND. The Company was incorporated in Texas on October 1, 2002 and in 2005 changed its business focus to advertising
 and media in the emerging China market. Under the then new management, the Company commenced to position the Company to capitalize
 on the growth of the Chinese advertising market where global companies are rushing into China to try to grab and hold the
 attention of its 1.3 billion citizens. 

Our
 mission then was to become one of China's new age media companies through the use of new technologies and devices combined
 with traditional media of TV, Newspapers, Magazines, Billboards and Internet to reach today's mobile society. In order to
 facilitate this, the Company established 3 strategic business units being Advertising , Telecommunications
 and Mobile Computing , and Products and Services . However due to limited financial resources we
 were not able to implement our business plans in the China media sector. 

In
 June 2012, the Group acquired A-Team Resources Sdn. Bhd. a company that distributes light appliances products in South East
 Asia and Middle East to strengthen our Products and Services Business Unit. 

As
 announced in a Form 8K filed on October 29, 2013, the Company and Samata Ventures Sdn Bhd Samata and Clixster
 Sdn Bhd CSB (jointly referred to as the Vendors entered into a conditional Sales and Purchase
 Agreement SP Agreement for the Company to acquire 63.2 equity interests in Clixster Mobile Sdn Bhd CMSB from the Vendors. 

On
 January 31, 2014 following the fulfillment of all the conditions set forth in and otherwise in accordance with the terms of
 the SP Agreement, this merger transaction was consummated and CMSB became a subsidiary of the Company. As a result
 of the closing of the SP Agreement, we will now focus our business plans to pursue the mobile virtual network operator MVNO business and to expand our telecommunication business unit with a focus on provision of mobile telecom service through a MVNO
 platform initially in Malaysia and then to other regions. 

Upon
 the closing of the SP Agreement, the Company issued to Samata and CSB 5,760,898,203 shares and 4,432,711,461 shares in the
 Company, respectively, for a total issuance of 10,193,609,664 shares in the Company, representing approximately 90.15 in
 the issued share capital of the Company. 

On
 January 31, 2014 Samata transferred 4,301,422,970 to CSB and 1,459,475,233 shares to the newly appointed directors of the
 Company. After the above transfers, Samata did not hold any shares in the Company and CSB held a total of 8,734,134,431 shares,
 representing approximately 77.24 in the Company, becoming the new controlling shareholder of the Company. On the same date
 following the completion of the SP Agreement, the changes to the board of directors were announced in the Form 8K filed on
 February 6, 2014. On June 17, 2014 CSB transferred 550,000,000 shares to one of the Company s partners and on October
 1, 2014 CSB transferred 2,000,000,000 shares to a director of the Company. After these two transfers CSB held 6,184,134,431
 shares representing approximately 54.62 in the Company. 

On
 January 15, 2014 the Group disposed of its loss making light appliances and advertising operation. The management believes
 that this transaction affords the Company the opportunity to streamline its trading operation and focus on its Products and
 Services Business Unit. 

On
 July 28, 2015, the Group disposed of its investment in Clixster Mobile Sdn. Bhd. to refocus its MVNO business from pre-paid
 to post-paid telecom services. 

In
 September, 2015, New China Electronics Limited, a company wholly owned by our director,
 Mr. Ching Chiat Kwong, acquired a total of 7,130,134,431 shares representing about 63.06 
 interests in the Company from CSB and all the other directors shares to become
 the controlling shareholder of the Company. On January 8, 2016, New China then transferred
 350,000,000 shares to each of Andrew Hwan Lee and Ahmad Shukri Bin Abdul Ghani, both
 directors of the Company. New China then held 6,430,134,431 shares representing 56.87 
 in the Company. 
 
 In
 December 2015, the Company acquired 51 interests in Naim Indah Mobile Communications Sdn Bhd NIMC ). NIMC
 has entered into an exclusive partnership agreement with MyAngkasa Holdings Sdn Bhd MHSB for the implementation
 of the MyAngkasa mobile program. Under the agreement, MHSB will undertake to market and sale to its members
 for NIMC s post-paid mobile phone services. The Group views this as a strategic anchor customer that will provide
 the subscriber base to roll out its telecom services, focusing in post-paid customer, . 
 
 In
 March 2016, the Company is in advance discussion with a Malaysian telecom operator to roll out these services to the MyAngkasa
 customers. It is planned that the roll out commencing in July 2016. 

At
 the date of this report, the Group will focus on its Telecommunications and Mobile Business
 Unit and its Products and Services Business Unit. The Group will terminate its adverting
 business until a viable advertising business opportunity is available. 

-
1 - 

OUR BUSINESS REVIEW AND
 FUTURE STRATEGY. In 2013, the consumer electronics and light appliances business faced a very competitive environment from
 other low costs manufacturer. The management took the view to restructure and rationalize the operation so that it can face
 the challenges ahead. In early 2014, the Group sold the trading operation for consumer electronics and light appliances
 products to dispose the loss making operations, and to enter into the communication business. 

2014
 Products Services Overview 
 
 We
 have established 3 business units namely Advertising , Product Services and Telecommunication
 and Mobile . A brief review and description of these three business units' strategies and operations are described
 below. 

Advertising Unit 

On
 March 13, 2007, the Company acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of Good World Investments Limited, which owns
 50 of the registered capital of Beijing Ren Ren Health Culture Promotion Limited BRR ). BRR is working with the
 Chinese Government on a benevolent project named Great Wall of China Project to advertise and promote health education
 and health awareness in China. We believe BRR provides a strategic advertising platform for us to launch our advertising operations
 in China as it can advertise in hospitals and districts in China. However the capital requirement to activate this project
 on the national and provincial level will require us to raise at least US 2 million which was difficult given the financial
 situation of the Group. Therefore in 2012, we had determined to defocus from the BRR program and to focus on other
 advertising activities going forward. During the period, the Company did not derive any advertising income from the BRR project. In
 2014, the Group divested from its investment in BRR and the Group suspended the advertising business unit until other advertising
 opportunities that are synergistic to the Groups business. During the year, the Group did not derive any revenue
 from the business unit. 

Products Services Units 

We have commenced a Products
 Services Unit to build brands recognition and to take advantage of our contacts networks, distribution channel and trading
 partners. We intended to leverage on our advertising platform to develop our own brands name for select products. This will
 uniquely position our Product Services for brand awareness as well as develop a long term business unit that will serve both
 consumers and industries markets. We had a distribution of electronics and light electronics in 2012 but we ran into difficulties
 and the market conditions changed such that the Company recorded a loss in 2012. In view of our focus on Telecommunications
 we determined to divest of our investment in Ateam in 2014. During the year, the Group did not derive any revenue from
 this business unit. 

Telecommunications Unit 

In
 2006, the Company announced the establishment of the Telecommunications and Mobile Computing Division to focus on the new
 media advertising where we would take advantage of new convergent devices for telecommunications advertising. The business
 of selling advertising and services through telecommunications media and devices is growing and the Group intends to enter
 into this business sector. No revenue has been generated from advertising through telecommunications media and devices during
 this reporting period. 

Advertising
 through mobile devices is becoming more prominent to reach the mobile society of today. The goal of the Telecommunications
 and Mobile Computing Unit is to provide the Company with entry into the new sector of advertising through telecommunication
 media and devices. Our strategy on gaining access in telecommunication media is through cooperation with existing networks
 or establishes select networks. However our longer term strategy is to partner with network operators to provide extensive
 network access for our advertising media. We had secured the distribution rights for M.A.G.I.C. Convergent Device for the
 territory of China and Hong Kong, and we are still waiting for the delivery of its commercial products in 2013. However, in
 2014 we divested from this product and instead we determined to focus on other telecommunication products and services. In
 October 2013, we entered into a conditional agreement to acquire Clixster Mobile Sdn. Bhd. a Mobile Virtual Network Operator
 MVNO operation in Malaysia. This transaction closed on January 31, 2014. Going forward, we will focus on developing
 the MVNO business and building a brand in Malaysia and then throughout the region. During the year ended December 31, 2014,
 the Group derived 5,186,766 in telecom services revenue from this business unit. 

-
2 - 

Industry
Overview and Competition 

Telecommunication
 Market 

During
 the first half of 2014, the Malaysia telecommunication subsector increased by 10 (January - June 2013: 9.4 with the continued
 increase in the number of cellular phone subscribers as well as higher use of data services. Cellular phone subscriptions
 grew 2.8 to 43.8 million to reach a penetration rate of 145.5 as at end-June 2014 (end-June 2013: 9.1 ; 42.6 million; 143.4 ),
 with the prepaid segment dominating 82 of total subscriptions. Growth was spurred by increased take-up of affordable smartphones
 and attractive packages offered by service providers. In addition, higher use of data services was supported by increased
 third-generation (3G) subscriptions which recorded 18 million in 2013 (2012: 14.5 million). 

The
 broadband segment grew 3.1 to 6.4 million subscriptions with a household penetration rate of 67.2 as at end-June 2014 (end-June
 2013: 6.9 ; 6.2 million; 66.8 ). Growth was largely driven by promotional activities and awareness programmes as well as improved
 network coverage due to offerings of bundled services with attractive pricing plans and improved network coverage. The National
 Broadband Initiative NBI which was introduced in March 2010 to increase household broadband penetration, addresses
 the provision of infrastructure and facilities through the implementation of High-Speed Broadband HSBB and
 Broadband to General Population BBGP ). Through public-private partnership, the Government has implemented the
 HSBB project in areas covering inner Klang Valley, Iskandar Malaysia and selected industrial areas. At the same time, under
 the BBGP initiative, broadband projects will be implemented across the country through various technologies such as Asymmetric
 Digital Subscriber line ADSL ), Hybrid Fibre Coax HFC ), High-Speed Downlink Packet Access HSDPA and Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access WiMax ). 

In
 Malaysia, the major mobile network operators (MNOs) are Maxis, Celcom and DiGi. According to RHB Research Institute Sdn Bhd
 RHB Research ), despite the mixed showing in their fourth quarter 2014 reporting, the Big Three will still face
 challenges. This is especially in terms of effectively monetizing data in the medium term while traditional revenues will
 continue to suffer from structural pressure. The research house noted that the industry posted a slight contraction in service
 revenue of 1.1 in 2014, mainly due to the continued erosion in SMS and voice revenues and telco-specific issues. That said,
 RHB Research noted that mobile internet revenue sustained its double-digit growth trajectory, up 24.9 for the year. Unsurprisingly,
 it further noted that the traditional SMS and voice revenues continued on their declining trend this quarter, contracting
 by 27.9 and 5.4 y-o-y respectively in 4Q14. The research house expects the pressure on legacy revenues to continue in 2015,
 as the industry s smartphone penetration, currently in the mid-40s, is expected to trend higher on the back of a wider
 array of affordable smartphones available in the market and the telcos dishing out more data bundled packages to spur data
 demand. That said, the research house noted the operators are ramping up efforts to better monetise data alongside investments
 to improve the quality of networks and additional LTE sites. 

Malaysia Economic Report 2014/2015 
 
 Malaysia s telco sector still likely to see challenges in the medium term - The Borneo Post Online 16/3/15 

Subscriber
 Market 

Mobile
 connections in Malaysia has long surpassed the 100 mark and was reported to attain 137 as at March 2015; putting
 her as one of the countries in Asia Pacific with penetration rates above 100 . In a statistical report conducted by We Are
 Social involving 30 countries in the Asia Pacific region, Macau, Hong Kong, Singapore and Thailand attained a mobile subscription
 rate of 269 , 175 , 152 and 150 respectively compared to their national populations. 

By
 2015, the Malaysian market is expected to reach a mobile subscriber base of over 50 million (as at
 2013: 42.6 million ). Although growth is expected to slow down as the market approaches saturation
 but it is still expected to register a CAGR of 6.0 from 2011-2015. Riding on increasing demand for
 internet access, 3G subscriptions reached 14.5 million with an annual growth of 41.0 in 2012 and
 are expected to cross 18.4 million by December 2013. Broadband internet has also been expanding strongly
 in recent years and as at first quarter of 2014, reached a 67 household penetration with more than
 half of households having some form of broadband access. Also from the report by We Are Social,
 the mobile broadband penetration rate in March 2015 of Macau, Hong Kong, Thailand and Singapore were
 at 264 , 122 , 112 and 106 respectively whilst Malaysia achieved 78 . The Malaysian Communications
 and Multimedia Commission reported a rate of 72.2 for the first half of 2015. 

Greater
 affordability of mobile services, development of platforms and mobile enabled services including mobile payments, information
 services and educational tools) and entry of non-traditional players into the ecosystem including technology companies
 and content provider are key indicators to the potential future growth opportunities of the market. 

Digital, Social and Mobile in APAC 2015 We Are Social Singapore 
 
 MCMC - Pocket Book of Statistics, Q2 2015 

-
3 - 

Mobile
 Virtual Network Operator Market 

The
 explosive growth of wireless is one of the most striking aspects of the telecom industry since the
 1990s. Demand for low-cost and high-value cellular service has been driving the mobile industry towards
 price wars. As the industry continue to mature, Mobile Network Operators (MNO s) recognize that
 future growth depends on the pursuit of new markets beyond the conventional method of direct acquisition
 of new subscribers. The growth driven by bundled service offerings with slashed rates is only a short-term
 remedy. A new strategic model through alliances with Mobile Virtual Network Operator (MVNO) offered
 a far sighted solution. The MVNO model is seen as both, a solution as well as an opportunity for MNOs
 to pursue new markets that present sustainable growth and retention. 

MVNO s
 typically do not own a network but lease the network of a service provider that does have a network.
 An MVNO business consists of managing two key relationships; Mobile Network Operator (MNO) and the
 end-users. MVNO provides mobile services without owning spectrum and relies on the MNO network infrastructure.
 Notably, this business arrangement allows smaller service providers to be focused on specific aspects
 of the mobile business by offering specialized services and enriching the industry service offerings
 through optimization usage of the network infrastructure. 

MVNOs
 provide lower operational costs for mobile operators through billing, sales, customer service, marketing,
 increase revenue through new applications, value added services and attractive rates. As such, the
 opportunity for mobile operators to take advantage of MVNOs generally outweighs the competitive threat. 

Type
 of MVNO s 

Discount 
 Provides
 very low call rates to market segments for example, the foreign workers market 
 
 Lifestyle 
 Focuses
 on specific niche market demographics for example on the high income executives with specific interests 
 
 Advertising-funded 
 Earns
 advertising revenue in order to provide free voice, SMS and data to its subscribers 
 
 Ethnic 
 Provides
 services to certain ethnic groups in the country. For e.g. XOX caters to the Chinese community in Malaysia, other MVNOs like
 Lycamobile, Lebara, iCard Mobile, Globalcell Mobile and Dialog Vizz who target ethnic communities by providing inexpensive
 calls to their home country 
 
 Data 
 Focuses
 on selling data subscriptions to end-users. Amazon in US and Dell in Japan are Data MVNOs. Merchantrade in Malaysia is a Data
 MVNO. 

Examples
of other MVNO s in Malaysia 

Merchantrade 
 A
 strong presence in the foreign workers in the Malaysia on Celcom network 
 
 XOX 
 Focus to serve
 the Chinese community offering services riding on Maxis network 
 
 Redtone 
 Serving the
 small and medium-sized enterprises market segment. A spin-off of Redtone International Bhd riding on Maxis 
 
 Tune Talk 
 A lifestyle
 service offering as sister companies Tune Hotels and Tune Money. Operates on Celcom s network 
 
 Smart Pinoy 
 A service zooming
 into over 700,000 Filipino migrant workers in Malaysia, a joint venture between Celcom and Philippines Long Distance Telecom
 (PLDT) 
 
 Tron 
 Offering a
 yearlong validity for Tron user community numerous incentives. Rides on DiGi network 
 
 MyEvolution 
 Malaysia s
 first Machine-to-Machine (M2M) MVNO service on DiGi network\ 
 
 Tesco 
 Affinity program
 via Clubcard (Tesco loyalty card) on Maxis network 
 
 SpeakOut 
 Targeting students,
 youth, business travelers, tourists, migrant workers and telco-blacklisted individuals 
 
 Buzz Me 
 A prepaid mobile
 services operating on U Mobile targeting the urban young market 
 
 FRiENDi 
 A joint venture
 between Virgin Mobile Middle East Africa and Kumpulan Perangsang Selangor 
 
 Altel 
 A
 MVNO under Puncak Semangat, within the Al-Bukhary group, in collaboration with CELCOM. No clear direction or target market. 

-
4 - 

Plan
 of operations 
 
 OUR
 PLAN OF OPERATION FOR THE NEXT TWELVE MONTHS. 
 We
 hope to generate additional revenues in the next twelve months by engaging business operations through internal growth
 and through strategic acquisitions and cooperative advertising agreements, as described more fully under Overview 
 above. 

We have cash
 and cash equivalents of 21,245 as of December 31, 2014 in our discontinued operation; a decrease of 2,978,165 from the
 previous period end of December 31, 2013. In the opinion of management, these funds will not satisfy our working capital requirements
 to operate at our current level of activity for the next twelve months. To effectuate our business plan, during the next twelve
 months, we must arrange for adequate funding to implement our plans. 

Financing
 and funding 

Management
 intends to continue to raise additional financing through debt and equity financing or other means and interests that it deems
 necessary, with a view to implementing our business plan and building a revenue base. We plan to use the proceeds of such
 financings to provide working capital to our operations and increase our capital expenditure for marketing and working with
 our co-operative partners. There can be no assurances that sufficient financing will be available on terms acceptable to us
 or at all. Our forecast for the period for which financial resources will be needed to support our operations involves risks
 and uncertainties and actual results could fail as a result of a number of factors. 

Specifically,
 we hope to accomplish the steps as set out in this report to implement our business plan in respect of the new focus, in developing
 and integrating the MVNO business from prepaid to postpaid services. The success of our plans is subject to our ability to
 obtain adequate funding. Such additional capital may be raised through public or private equity financing, borrowings, or
 other sources, such as contributions from our officers and directors. If we are unable to obtain funds necessary to implement
 our business plan, we may revise or scale back our business plan. 

We are not currently conducting
 any research and development activities, other than the continual development of our website. We do not anticipate conducting
 any other research and development activities in the near future. In the event that we expand our business scope, then we
 may need to hire additional employees or independent contractors as well as purchase or lease additional equipment and open
 new office locations. 

Governmental
 Regulation 
 
 We
 are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations applied to businesses in general. We believe that we comply
 with the requirements in Malaysia for any licenses or approvals to pursue our proposed business plan. In locations where
 we operate, the applicable laws and regulations are subject to amendment or interpretation by regulatory authorities.
 Generally, such authorities are vested with relatively broad discretion to grant, renew and revoke licensee and approvals,
 and to implement regulations. Licenses may be denied or revoked for various reasons, including the violation of such regulations,
 conviction of crimes and the like. Possible sanctions which may be imposed include the suspension of individual employees,
 limitations on engaging in a particular business for specific periods of time, revocation of licenses, censures, redress
 to customers and fines. We believe that we are in conformity with all applicable laws in all relevant jurisdictions. We
 may be prevented from operating if our activities are not in compliance and must take action to comply with the relevant
 laws and regulations. 

We
 have posted our privacy policy and practices concerning the use and disclosure of any consumer information collected on our
 website, www.mediangroupinc.com. Any failure by us to comply with posted privacy policies, Federal Trade Commission requirements
 or other domestic or international privacy-related laws and regulations could result in proceedings by governmental or regulatory
 bodies that could potentially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. In this regard, there are
 a large number of legislative proposals before the U.S. Congress and various state legislative bodies regarding privacy issues
 related to online commerce to which the Group may participate in the future. It is not possible to predict whether or when
 such legislation may be adopted, and certain proposals, if adopted, could harm our business by causing a decrease in the use
 of our applications and services by our small business customers and thereby a decrease in our revenues. Such decreases could
 be caused by, among other possible provisions, the required use of disclaimers or other requirements before consumers can
 utilize our Internet technology solutions. 

Employees 

As
 of the date of this report, we have 10 full time employees. From time to time, we utilize consultants or contractors for specific
 assignments. None of our employees are represented by a labor union and we have never experienced a work stoppage. We believe
 that our relationships with our employees are good. 

-
5 - 

ITEM
 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risk
Factors 

There
 are numerous and varied risks, known and unknown, that may prevent us from achieving our goals. If any of these risks actually
 occur, our business, financial condition or results of operation may be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading
 price of our Common Stock could decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 

Risks
 Related to Our Business 

Our
 business is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth below. The risks and uncertainties described
 below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem
 to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business operations. If any of the risks set out or referred
 to below actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of our operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Our
 risks for the existing and future business disclosed in this section has included the Mobile Virtual Network Operator MVNO in Malaysia. 

RISKS
 RELATED TO EXISTING AND PROPOSED OPERATIONS 

If
 we are unable to obtain additional funds from other financings we may have to curtail the scope of our operations significantly
 and alter our business model 

We
 must achieve profitability for our business model to succeed. Prior to accomplishing this goal, we may need to raise additional
 funds, from equity or debt sources. Our cash requirements are substantial and our current financial position is insufficient
 to meet our cash needs in the future. If additional financing is not available when required or is not available on acceptable
 terms, we may be unable to continue our operations at current or planned levels. In addition, any failure to raise additional
 funds in the future may result in our inability to successfully secure our business platform, take advantage of business opportunities
 or respond to competitive pressures, any of which circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
 and results of operations. 

We
 do not have substantial cash resources and if we cannot raise additional funds or generate more revenues, we will not be able
 to pay our vendors and will probably not be able to continue as a going concern 

We
 will need to raise additional funds to pay outstanding debts, vendor invoices and execute our business plan. Our future cash
 flows depend on our ability to enter into, and be paid under, contracts with our distributors for the consumer electronics
 and light appliances business. There can be no assurance that additional funds will be available when needed from any source
 or, if available, will be available on terms that are acceptable to us. 

We
 may be required to pursue sources of additional capital through various means, including joint venture projects and debt or
 equity financings. Future financings through equity investments will be dilutive to existing stockholders. Also, the terms
 of securities we may issue in future capital transactions may be more favorable for our new investors. Newly issued securities
 may include preferences, superior voting rights, the issuance of warrants or other convertible securities, which will have
 additional dilutive effects. Further, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital and/or financing, including
 investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required
 to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue, such as convertible notes and warrants,
 which will adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
 ability to obtain needed financing may be impaired by such factors as the weakness of capital markets and the fact that we
 have not been profitable, which could impact the availability or cost of future financings. If the amount of capital we are
 able to raise from financing activities, together with our revenues from operations, is not sufficient to satisfy our capital
 needs, even to the extent that we reduce our operations accordingly, we may be required to cease operations. 

-
6 - 

We
 have a limited operating history, and it may be difficult for potential investors to evaluate our business 

The
 consumer electronics and light appliance business started in early 2013 and the advertising business stated in August 2006
 which has been disposed in early 2014. Currently we are focusing our operation on MVNO business in Malaysia. Our
 limited operating history makes it difficult for potential investors to evaluate our business or prospective operations. We
 are subject to all the risks inherent in the initial organization, financing, expenditures, complications and delays inherent
 in a relatively new business. Investors should evaluate an investment in us in light of the uncertainties encountered by such
 companies in a competitive environment. Our business is dependent upon the implementation of our business plan, as well as
 the ability of our merchants to enter into agreements with consumers for their respective products and/or services. There
 can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will be able to attain profitability. 

Our
 limited operating history and rapidly evolving business makes it difficult for us to accurately forecast revenues and expenses 

We
 have a limited operating history on which to base an evaluation of our business and prospects. Our
 operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our
 control. For these reasons, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be
 meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance.
 Our prospects must be considered in light of inherent risks, expenses, and difficulties encountered
 by companies in their early stages of development, particularly in new and evolving markets. 
 
 We
 have generated losses for the past years as our consumer electronics and advertising businesses has come under competitive
 price pressure which the management is rationalizing the operation in order to be competitive. The advertising and mobile
 devices operations commenced in April 2006 with a very limited operating history for these operations due to the lack
 of operating and financial resources. Our operating results to 2013 relate principally to trading in consumer electronics
 and light appliances, and mobile devices. However in January 2014 these businesses were disposed and we closed the acquisition
 of the MVNO business. Accordingly, our future prospects are uncertain in light of the risks and uncertainties experienced
 by early stage companies in evolving industries, and in particular our future MVNO operation in Malaysia. Due to our limited
 history and limited resources, it is difficult for us to predict future revenues and operating expenses. We based our
 expense levels, in part, on our expectations of future revenues from anticipated transactions. If our MVNO and mobile
 device business develops slower than we expect, our losses may be higher than anticipated, we may have to curtail parts
 of our business plan and to the market price of our stock may decline. 
 
 Some
 of the other risks and uncertainties of our business relate to our ability to: 

- 
 offer
 new and innovative products and services to attract and retain a larger consumer base; 

- 
 attract customers; 

- 
 increase awareness
 of our brand and continue to develop consumer and customer loyalty; 

- 
 respond to competitive
 market conditions; 

- 
 respond to changes
 in our regulatory environment; 

- 
 manage risks associated
 with intellectual property rights; 

- 
 maintain effective
 control of our costs and expenses; 

- 
 raise sufficient
 capital to sustain and expand our business; 

- 
 attract, retain
 and motivate qualified personnel; and 

- 
 upgrade our technology
 to support increased traffic and expanded services. 

If
 we are unsuccessful in addressing any of these risks and uncertainties, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

The
 development of our business is dependent upon the completion and integration of acquisitions and other transactions that have
 only recently or not yet closed 

Our
 principal focus is on our MVNO and mobile device and products services businesses. We have closed the acquisition of Clixster
 and other potential acquisitions have not closed to date and may never close. Accordingly, it is difficult to evaluate our
 business based upon our historical financial results, including those for the year ended December 31, 2013. Even when we close
 acquisitions like Clixster, our business will not be successful if we are unable to successfully operate and integrate the
 businesses we acquire. We expect to continually look for new businesses to acquire to maintain and sustain our operations.
 If we fail to identify such business, are unable to acquire such businesses on reasonable terms, or fail to successfully integrate
 such businesses, our operating results and prospects could be harmed. In July 2015, we disposed Clixster and continued
 the MVNO business under a new platform and business entity. 

-
7 - 

We
 face significant competition and may suffer from a loss of users and customers as a result 

We
 expect to face significant competition in our MVNO and mobile devices businesses, particularly from other companies that seek
 to provide similar products and services. Many of these competitors have significantly greater financial resources and more
 personnel than we do. They may also have longer operating histories and more experience in attracting and retaining and managing
 customers. They may use their experience and resources to compete with us in a variety of ways, including by competing more
 for users, customers, distributors, media channels and by investing more heavily in research and development and making acquisitions.
 If we fail to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operation will be adversely affected. 

Our
 business depends on a strong brand, and if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our business and operating results
 may be harmed 

We
 believe that recognition of our brand will contribute significantly to the success of our business. We also believe that maintaining
 and enhancing our brand is critical to expanding our base of consumers and customers. As our market becomes increasingly competitive,
 maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely on our ability to fund the advertising and promotion campaigns, which
 may be increasingly difficult and expensive. 

We
 may face intellectual property infringement claims and other related claims that could be time-consuming and costly to defend
 and may result in our inability to continue providing certain of our existing services 

Technology
 and service companies are frequently involved in litigation based on allegations of infringement of
 intellectual property rights, unfair competition, and invasion of privacy, defamation and other violations
 of third-party rights. The validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property,
 particularly in Malaysia, are uncertain and still evolving. In addition, many parties are actively
 developing and seeking protection for electronics technologies, including seeking patent protection.
 There may be patents issued or pending that are held by others that cover significant aspects of our
 technologies, products, business methods or services. As we face increasing competition and as litigation
 becomes more common in Malaysia and elsewhere in Asia for resolving commercial disputes, we face a
 higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims. 
 
 Intellectual
 property litigation is expensive and time consuming and could divert resources and management attention from the operations
 of our businesses. If there is a successful claim of infringement, we may be required to pay substantial fines and damages
 or enter into royalty or license agreements that may not be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Our
 failure to obtain a license of the rights on a timely basis could harm our business. Any intellectual property litigation
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

If
 we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report
 our financial results or prevent fraud 

We
 are subject to reporting obligations under the U.S. securities laws. The SEC, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002, adopted rules requiring every public company to include in its annual report a management report on such company's
 internal controls over financial reporting which contains management's assessment of the effectiveness of the company's internal
 controls over financial reporting. In addition, if the Company qualifies under certain revenue or market capitalization test
 an independent registered public accounting firm must attest to and report on management's assessment of the effectiveness
 of the company's internal controls over financial reporting. Our management may conclude that our internal controls
 over financial reporting are not effective. Moreover, even if our management concludes that our internal controls over financial
 reporting are effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may still decline to attest to our management's
 assessment or may issue a report that is qualified if they are not satisfied with our controls or the level at which our controls
 are documented, designed, operated or reviewed, or if it interprets the relevant requirements differently from us. Our reporting
 obligations as a public company will place a significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources and
 systems for the foreseeable future. We are a company with limited accounting personnel and other resources with which to address
 our internal financial controls and procedures. If we fail to timely achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal financial
 controls, we may not be able to conclude that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting at a reasonable
 assurance level. Moreover, effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to produce reliable financial
 reports and are important to help prevent fraud. As a result, our failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls
 over financial reporting could result in the loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which
 in turn could harm our business and negatively impact the market price of our Common Stock. 

-
8 - 

If
 we fail to attract customers for our advertising and convergent device business our growth prospects could be seriously harmed 

Our
 distributors will not work with us if our products and services offerings do not sell well or do not have adequate sales margin
 for their sales channels. In addition, our advertising customers will not maintain their business relationships
 with us if we cannot secure attractive competitive product and service offerings. Failure to retain customers, distributors
 or channel partners could seriously harm our business and growth prospects. 

Because
 we primarily rely on distributors in distributing MVNO, our failure to retain key distributors or attract additional distributors
 could materially and adversely affect our business 

For
 MVNO operation, we will rely heavily on a nationwide distribution network of third-party distributors for sales to, and collection
 of payment from, our corporate and consumer customers. If our distributors do not provide quality services to our consumer
 customers or otherwise breach their contracts with our consumer customers, we may lose customers and our results of operations
 may be materially and adversely affected. We will sign distributing agreements with our distributors, although we may not
 sign any long-term agreements with them, but we cannot assure that we can maintain favorable relationships with them. Our
 distribution arrangements will be non-exclusive. Furthermore, some of our potential distributors may have contracts with our
 competitors or potential competitors and may not sign distribution agreements with us. If we fail to retain our key distributors
 or attract additional distributors on terms that are commercially reasonable, our business and results of operations could
 be materially and adversely affected. 

We
 may not be able to manage our expanding operations effectively 

We
 commenced our MVNO and mobile device operations in early 2013 and 2006, respectively. We anticipate continuous developing
 of our business in 2014 as we focus growth in our customer base through expanding our network and channel partners and consumer
 market opportunities. To manage the potential growth of our operations and personnel, we will be required to improve operational
 and financial systems, procedures and controls, and expand, train and manage our growing employee base. Furthermore, our management
 will be required to maintain and expand our relationships with customers. We cannot assure that our current and planned personnel,
 systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our future operations. 

The
 recent global economic and financial market crisis has had and may continue to have a negative effect on our business and
 results of operations 

Global
 economic conditions could have a negative effect on our business and results of operations like the
 global economic downturn in 2008 when economic activity in China, United States and throughout much
 of the world has undergone a sudden, sharp economic downturn following the recent housing downturn
 and subprime lending collapse in both the United States and Europe. Since then the global credit and
 liquidity have tightened in much of the world. Some of our customers in Southeast Asia and Malaysia
 may face business downturn and credit issues, and could experience cash flow problems and other financial
 hardships, which could affect timeliness of doing business with us. 
 
 Changes
 in governmental banking, monetary and fiscal policies to restore liquidity and increase credit availability may not be
 effective in alleviating the global economic declines. It is difficult to determine the breadth and duration of the economic
 and financial market problems and the many ways in which they may affect our customers and our business in general. Nonetheless,
 continuation or further worsening of these difficult financial and macroeconomic conditions could have a significant effect
 on our business and results of operations. 

Capital
 markets are currently experiencing a period of dislocation and instability, which has had and could continue to have a negative
 impact on the availability and cost of capital 

The
 general disruption in the U.S. capital markets has impacted the broader financial and credit markets and reduced the availability
 of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole. These conditions could persist for a prolonged period of time or worsen
 in the future. Our ability to access the capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to access
 such markets, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. The resulting
 lack of available credit, lack of confidence in the financial sector, increased volatility in the financial markets and reduced
 business activity could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability
 to obtain and manage our liquidity. In addition, the cost of debt financing may be materially adversely impacted by these
 market conditions. 

-
9 - 

Our
 success depends on the continuing efforts of our senior management team and other key personnel and our business may be harmed
 if we lose their services 

Our
 future success depends heavily upon the continuing services of the members of our senior management.
 If one or more of our senior executives or other key personnel are unable or unwilling to continue
 in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them easily or at all, and our business
 may be disrupted and our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely
 affected. Competition for senior management and key personnel is intense, the pool of qualified candidates
 is very limited, and we may not be able to retain the services of our senior executives or key personnel,
 or attract and retain high-quality senior executives or key personnel in the future. 
 
 In
 addition, if any member of our senior management team or any of our other key personnel joins a competitor or forms a
 competing company, we may lose customers, distributors, know-how and key professionals and staff members. Each of our
 executive officers and key employees has entered into an employment agreement with us which contains confidentiality and
 non-competition provisions. Legal proceedings to enforce such provisions would be costly in both money and management
 time and such provisions may not be enforced or enforceable. 

The
 success of our business depends on the continuing contributions of Andrew Hwan Lee and other key personnel who may terminate
 their employment with us at any time, and we will need to hire additional qualified personnel 

We
 rely heavily on the services of Andrew Hwan Lee, our director and Chief Executive Officer, as well as several other management
 personnel. Loss of the services of any such individuals would adversely impact our operations. In addition, we believe our
 technical personnel represent a significant asset and provide us with a competitive advantage over many of our competitors
 and that our future success will depend upon our ability to retain these key employees and our ability to attract and retain
 other skilled financial, engineering, technical and managerial personnel. We do not currently maintain any key man 
 life insurance with respect to any of such individuals. 

We
 rely on highly skilled personnel and if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire qualified personnel, we
 may not be able to grow effectively 

Our
 performance and future success depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. We
 will need to continue to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for
 all areas of our organization. Competition in our industry for qualified employees is intense. Our
 continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain
 and motivate our existing employees. 
 
 As
 competition in our industry intensifies, it may be more difficult for us to hire, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel.
 If we do not succeed in doing so, we may be unable to grow effectively. 

We
 have no business insurance coverage 

We
 do not have any business liability or disruption insurance coverage for our operations in Malaysia. Any business disruption,
 litigation or natural disaster may result in our incurring substantial costs and the diversion of our resources. 

We
 are exposed to risks associated with the ongoing financial crisis and weakening global economy, which increase the uncertainty
 of consumers purchasing products and/or services 

The
 recent severe tightening of the credit markets, turmoil in the financial markets, and weakening global economy are contributing
 to a decrease in spending by consumers. If these economic conditions are prolonged or deteriorate further, the
 market for layaway services will decrease accordingly. 

-
10 - 

Our
 Company may experience, and continues to experience, rapid growth in operations, which may place, and may continue to
 place, significant demands on its management, operational and financial infrastructure 

If
 the Company does not effectively manage its growth, the quality of its products and services could suffer, which could negatively
 affect the Company's brand and operating results. To effectively manage this growth, the Company will need to continue to
 improve its operational, financial and management controls and its reporting systems and procedures. Failure to implement
 these improvements could hurt the Company's ability to manage its growth and financial position. 

Our
 Company's business faces inherent risk in the mobile communication industry 

Our
 Group's business is subject to certain risks inherent in the mobile communication industry. Our Group's revenue and operating
 results could be adversely affect by many factors which include, amongst others, changes in general economic, business and
 credit conditions, fluctuation in foreign exchange rates, changes in demand for and market acceptance of our products and
 services, our ability to introduce new products and services and enhancements in a timely manner, rapid technological changes,
 increase in operating expenses, lower profit margins due to pricing competition and delay in expansion plans. 

Our
 Group seeks to limit these business risks through, inter-alia prudent management policies, keeping abreast with new developments
 and technologies in the relevant industries and maintaining good relationship with customers and suppliers. However there
 can be no assurance that any changes in these factors will not have any material adverse effect on our Group's business. 

Our
 Company's business faces competition from local and foreign competitors 

Our
 Group faces competition from both local and foreign competitors which offer similar products that
 of our Group offerings. Increased competition could result in competitive pricing resulting in lower
 profit margins. However, our Group believes that we have competitive edge over our competitors; including
 amongst others, quality products from our suppliers, access to R D capabilities and technological
 expertise acquired over the years. 
 
 Our
 Group seeks to limit the competitive risks through, inter-alia constant review of our development and marketing strategies
 to adapt to changes in economic conditions and market demands as well as focusing on certain markets and industries. However,
 there can be no assurance that our Group will be able to compete effectively against our competitors and that competitive
 pressure will not materially and adversely affect our Group s business, operations and results and or financial
 condition. 

-
11 - 

Risks
 Relating to Our Organization and Our Common Stock 

Public
 company compliance may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain officers and directors 

The
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act and new rules subsequently implemented by the SEC have required changes in corporate governance practices
 of public companies. As a public company, we expect these new rules and regulations to increase our compliance costs and to
 make certain activities more time consuming and costly. As a public company, we also expect that these new rules and regulations
 may make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future and we may
 be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar
 coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors
 or as executive officers. 

We
 may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage firms 

Securities
 analysts of major brokerage firms may not provide coverage of us since there is no incentive to brokerage firms to recommend
 the purchase of our Common Stock. No assurance can be given that brokerage firms will, in the future, want to conduct any
 secondary offerings on behalf of our Company. 

Our
 stock price may be volatile 

The
 market price of our Common Stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various
 factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

changes
 in our industry; 

competitive pricing
 pressures; 

our ability to
 obtain working capital financing; 

additions or departures
 of key personnel; 

limited public
 float in the hands of a small number of persons whose sales or lack of sales could result in positive or negative pricing
 pressure on the market price for our Common Stock; 

sales of our Common
 Stock; 

our ability to
 execute our business plan; 

operating results
 that fall below expectations; 

loss of any strategic
 relationship; 

regulatory developments; 

economic and other
 external factors; and 

period-to-period
 fluctuations in our financial results. 

In
 addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated
 to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the
 market price of our Common Stock. 

We
 may not pay dividends in the future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our Common Stock 

We
 do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our Common Stock will depend
 on earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us at such time as our board of directors
 may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our Common Stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment
 will only occur if our stock price appreciates. 

-
12 - 

There
 is currently no liquid trading market for our Common Stock and we cannot ensure that one will ever develop or be sustained 

To
 date there has not been an active trading market for our Common Stock. We cannot predict how liquid the market for our Common
 Stock might become. As soon as is practicable after becoming eligible, we anticipate applying for listing of our Common Stock
 on either the NYSE Amex Equities, The Nasdaq Capital Market or other national securities exchange, assuming that we can satisfy
 the initial listing standards for such exchange. We currently do not satisfy the initial listing standards for any of these
 exchanges, and cannot ensure that we will be able to satisfy such listing standards or that our Common Stock will be accepted
 for listing on any such exchange. Should we fail to satisfy the initial listing standards of such exchanges, or our Common
 Stock is otherwise rejected for listing and remains quoted on the OTC markets or is suspended from the OTC markets, the trading
 price of our Common Stock could suffer and the trading market for our Common Stock may be less liquid and our Common Stock
 price may be subject to increased volatility. 

Furthermore,
 for companies whose securities are quoted on the OTC markets, it is more difficult (i) to obtain accurate quotations, (ii)
 to obtain coverage for significant news events because major wire services generally do not publish press releases about such
 companies and (iii) to obtain needed capital. 

Our
 Common Stock is currently a penny stock, which may make it more difficult for our investors to sell their shares 

Our
 Common Stock is currently and may continue in the future to be subject to the penny stock rules adopted under
 Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules generally apply to companies whose Common Stock is not listed on
 The NASDAQ Stock Market or other national securities exchange and trades at less than 4.00 per share, other than companies
 that have had average revenue of at least 6,000,000 for the last three years or that have tangible net worth of at least
 5,000,000 2,000,000 if the company has been operating for three or more years). These rules require, among other things,
 that brokers who trade penny stock to persons other than established customers complete certain documentation,
 make suitability inquiries of investors and provide investors with certain information concerning trading in the security,
 including a risk disclosure document and quote information under certain circumstances. Many brokers have decided not to trade
 penny stocks because of the requirements of the penny stock rules and, as a result, the number of broker-dealers willing to
 act as market makers in such securities is limited. If we remain subject to the penny stock rules for any significant period,
 it could have an adverse effect on the market, if any, for our securities. Since our securities are subject to the penny stock
 rules, investors may find it more difficult to dispose of our securities. 

Offers
 or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock may cause the price of our Common Stock to
 decline 

If
 our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our Common Stock in the public market, or upon the expiration of any statutory
 holding period under Rule 144, or issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, it could create a circumstance
 commonly referred to as an overhang and in anticipation of which the market price of our Common Stock could fall.
 The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability
 to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that
 we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

Ching
 Chiat Kwong, our director beneficially owns or holds the proxies for a substantial portion of our outstanding Common Stock,
 which enables him to influence many significant corporate actions and in certain circumstances may prevent a change in control
 that would otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders 

Ching
 Chiat Kwong currently beneficially owns and holds the proxies for approximately 79.10 of our outstanding Common Stock. As
 such, he has a substantial impact on matters requiring the vote of the stockholders, including the election of our directors
 and most of our corporate actions. This control could delay, defer, or prevent others from initiating a potential merger,
 takeover or other change in our control, even if these actions would benefit our stockholders and us. This control could adversely
 affect the voting and other rights of our other stockholders and could depress the market price of our Common Stock. 

-
13 - 

RISKS
 RELATING TO THE BUSINESS 

We
 have a limited operating track record 

We
 have a limited operating and financial history in telecom services upon which you may evaluate us. The Clixster MVNO operation
 commenced operations in 2013 and has only generated revenue since then. As a result, your evaluation of us and
 our prospects will be based on a limited operating and financial history. In addition, most of our products and
 services have been sold for only a relatively short time, which is since 2013. Therefore, it is difficult to accurately
 forecast our future revenue and budget our operating expenses. 

There
 can be no assurance that our business model or any specific products or services will be profitable or competitive in the
 long term against larger, facilities-based mobile telecommunications operator or other MVNOs. 

We
 may experience significant fluctuations in our revenues and cash flows. We have experienced, and may continue to
 experience, operating losses. In the event that we do become profitable, we can provide no assurances that such
 profitability can or will be sustained in the future. 

We
 are highly dependent on Telecom Operator s core network infrastructure 

As
 an MVNO, we do not own or operate our own physical network. The Group will provide mobile telecommunications services
 over network infrastructure that relies entirely on our Telecom Operator s core network infrastructure. We
 do not have control over the service provision and is completed dependent on coverage, quality, reliability, service upgrades
 and network capacity supplied by our host network providers. Therefore, the provision of our services may be adversely
 affected by:- 

(i) 
 Failure
 or obsolescence of Telecom Operator s network infrastructure and/or related systems. 
 
 (ii) 
 System
 and network management, modification or maintenance, by Telecom Operator; or 
 
 (iii) 
 Damage
 or interruptions to Telecom Operator s Digital Network; 

Notwithstanding
 the above, our host network provider will provide prior notice to us of any service interruption. There is also
 a service level agreement for the MVNO service with the Telecom Operator which provides assurance that service quality to
 our subscribers will be the same as that provided by Telecom Operator to its own subscribers. 

The
 Telecom Operator, in entering into the MVNO services agreement, intended for the Company to assist in developing its markets
 and we are bound by the MVNO services agreement not to directly compete with the Telecom Operator for its existing subscribers
 may inadvertently prefer our services over theirs. Hence it is not only important that we adhere to the terms and
 conditions of the MVNO services agreement, such as the minimum value commitment, to avoid legal, operational and/or financial
 repercussions but imperative for us to work closely with the Telecom Operator to forge and maintain a sound relationship in
 light of a strategic long term partnership. 

We
 may not be able to successfully extend and/or launch existing or new products and services into the market 

As
 part of our strategy, we intend to introduce, and to continue to develop, a number of products, services and service experiences
 for its subscribers, particularly services such as convergence subscription plans, social portal applications and other similar
 services. Although we have, in the past year, pioneered and launched innovative mobile services into the market
 which were well received by our targeted subscriber segments, there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully extend
 and/or launch existing or new products and services into the market, due to rapid technological changes, shifts in market
 expectations as well as competitive pressures. 

There
 is a risk that we may not identify consumer trends correctly. Any new product or services we launch may not be
 provided on a cost-effective or price-competitive basis due to a misreading of consumer demand or trends. Such
 misjudgment may adversely affect the operational and financial results of us. 

-
14 - 

We
 depend significantly on our network of traditional dealers and distributors for sales or our products and services 

Our
 mobile services are principally sold through a network of traditional dealers and distributors. Any dispute with
 them may disrupt sales and have an adverse effect on our operational and financial results. 

Dependence
 on directors and key personnel 

The
 technology industry is growing and fast evolving, and the management and operation of the business requires the employment
 of highly skilled knowledge workers, whether in technology or non-technology related fields. We recognize and believe that
 our continuing success depends to a significant extent on the abilities and continuing efforts of its existing Managing and
 Executive Directors and key personnel, and the ability of our Company to attract new personnel and retain its existing skilled
 personnel. The labour market for skilled personnel in this field is highly competitive. 

We
 seek to mitigate this risk by offering its employees competitive salary/remuneration, benefit packages and also to offer internships
 to undergraduates pursuing tertiary education in the telecommunications field for possible future employment with us. 

If
 one or more of these personnel are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, or if they join a competitor
 or form a competing company, we may not be able to replace them easily. Our business may be significantly disrupted
 and its financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

We
 may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property or may face intellectual property claims that may be costly
 to resolve or may limit our ability to use our intellectual property in the future. 

The
 popularity of our products and services is dependent on the goodwill associated with our brand names and logos. In
 the case of trademarks and service marks applied and/or registered with the Intellectual Property Corporation of Malaysia,
 we have a perpetual, royalty-free licence to use such trademarks and service marks in Malaysia. 

Our
 MVNO operation relies on a combination of trademarks, service marks and domain name registrations, common law copyright protection
 and contractual restrictions to establish and protect their intellectual property. Any third party may challenge
 our intellectual property. We may incur substantial costs in defending any claims relating to its intellectual
 property rights. 

Breach
 of customer data protection could materially affect our reputation and business and subject us to liability 

We
 have developed a large database on our subscribers information stored in various business systems and used in many
 business processes. We are required under our licenses to take all reasonable steps to ensure that parties who
 have access to our subscribers information in the ordinary course of business do not disclose such information without
 the prior consent of the subscribers. Under the Malaysian Personal Data Protection Act 2010 PDPA which regulates the processing of personal data in regards to commercial transaction and safeguard the interests of data subjects,
 the penalty for non-compliance will be between RM100,000 RM500,000 (about US 23,365 US 116,822 at an exchange
 rate of 4.28) and /or imprisonment between 1-3 years. 

-
15 - 

RISK
 RELATING TO THE INDUSTRY 

We
 are exposed to competition in the Malaysian mobile telecommunications industry 

The
 market for mobile telecommunications services in Malaysia is highly competitive. Increasing competition in the
 Malaysian mobile telecommunications industry has had, and is expected to continue to have, significant impact on our financial
 condition and results of operations. We directly competes with the incumbent MNOs as well as three (3) main other
 MVNOs in the market. Mobile telecommunications service providers compete for subscribers in a number of different
 areas including the services and features offered customer service and price. In addition, the mobile telecommunications
 industry in Malaysia may experience technological changes, evolving industry standards, liberalization and changes in subscribers 
 preferences. Competition in the mobile telecommunications industry in Malaysia may increase as a result of industry
 consolidation, the entry of new competitors, regulations, foreign investment in existing competitors, and the development
 of new technologies, products and services. 

Malaysia
 recorded a mobile penetration rate of 143.8 in 2013 . This penetration rate in Malaysia is not viewed as
 saturated yet, as Singapore and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region have achieved penetration rates of 154.3 and
 155.1 (as of June 2013) respectively. Nevertheless as consumers become more affluent and also due to the
 decline in costs of cellular phones, the adoption of multiple SIMs per individual has become more common. 

Under
 the current telecommunications laws in Malaysia, mobile operators are obliged to provide their subscribers with
 number portability, which allows subscribers of mobile services to retain their existing number when changing from one operator
 to the other. Number portability de creases the hurdles for mobile subscribers to switch to another operator and
 could lead to increased churn rates and increased subscriber acquisition costs. 

In
 view of the above, we rely on our competitive strengths to complete effectively in the Malaysian mobile telecommunications
 industry. As an MVNO, we rely on our host network provider s network infrastructure and thus do not need
 to incur significant amount of capital expenditure to set up network infrastructure. This in turn translates into
 lower breakeven for our costs. In view of lower capital expenditure, we are able to focus our financial resources
 towards penetrating new market segments faster. We also have flexibility in pricing and thus are able to respond
 to changing market demands fast without the need to obtain approvals from our host network providers. 

Being
 a new MVNO, the MNP feature may actually help us to acquire relatively more subscribers than other incumbent mobile telecommunications
 operators as it presents to mobile users a whole new mobile experience and innovation, on top of attractive pricing. Being
 a niche market player, we are able to direct all our strengths to our target market segment intensively and aggressively. 

Nevertheless,
 there can be no assurance however that these or other strategies will prove effective in avoiding any materials adverse effects
 on our future growth and profitability, and there can be no assurance that the level of existing and future competition will
 not adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

MCMC : Pocket Book of Statistics, Q1 2014 

Office of the Communications Authority, Hong Kong 

Infocomm Development Authority of Singapore 

The
 mobile telecommunications industry is subject to rapid technological changes 

The
 mobile telecommunications industry is subject to rapid, ongoing technological changes and has experienced significant changes
 in recent years, which we expect to continue. 

Emerging
 and future technological changes may adversely affect the viability or competitiveness of our MVNO operation. We
 continuously evaluates and analyses new and/or suitable technologies to be adopted or assimilated into our business as we
 strive to keep abreast with the ever changing market trends and demand, increase competitiveness and avoid technological obsolescence
 timely and cost effectively. 

However,
 as an MVNO, we rely on our host network provider s telecommunications network infrastructure, i.e. DiGi Digital Network. This
 frees us from investing in related heavy capital expenditures, maintenance and upgrading of network infrastructure due to
 technological changes. 

-
16 - 

Shift
 in business and revenue model 

The
 on-going fragmentation of the sector value chain and aggressive moves by competitors in the marketplace is shifting legacy
 business models and strategies. There is a pivotal challenge to operators to explore new revenue streams in an effort to entice
 user loyalty. The failure to shift and adapt to changes and trends in the ecosystem can be adversely affect the financial
 prospects of the company. A pivotal trend in the ecosystem is the migration from charging for minutes to moving rising volumes
 of data across networks, shifting away from the traditional revenue streams of voice and SMS related charges. Having long-term
 financial sustainability is dependent on the structural and operational flexibility and ability of the organization to monetize
 the increase and changes in demand. In order to limit risks, we are constantly investing time and resources in diversifying
 our revenue mix through research and development, and exploration of data enabled services and new business models. However
 there can be no assurance that our Group will be able to compete effectively against our competitors. 

Emergence
 of Over-The-Top (OTT) Providers taking a share of future expansion of service revenues 

The
 explosion of affordable smartphones (often Wi-Fi enabled), coupled with inexpensive and widespread mobile broadband plans
 have paved the way for a new category of disruptive competitors in the telecom market- OTT players. OTT Voice and Messaging
 players are the biggest threats for communication service providers. OTT providers have a direct effect on the providers 
 core service revenues and margins through substitution of conventional utilization away from the traditional voice, SMS and
 roaming through Internet Protocol (IP) alternatives. The challenge herein lies with the company to effectively manage the
 competitive pressures of the market. Adoption of opportunistic and collaborative strategies has its merits in diversification
 of revenue streams. Embarking on this this approach will generate new revenue streams and balance profit margins, there are
 however legal limitations to the opportunistic approach following the content of our legal arrangements with the network provide.
 In order to remain competitive a more collaborative approach needs to be adopted. The company has embarked on this route by
 exploring new revenue generating streams and balance profit margins through collaborations with other OTT players. 

Extend
 of capital expenditure needed to support growth 

Content
 streaming players place significant strain on communication service provider networks and resources. Although mobile data
 revenue growth has helped the industry compensate for voice revenue stagnation, data profitability is lagging. The presence
 of content streaming players is pushing the envelope with traditional providers. The increased load on the network through
 transfer of huge amounts of data is forcing providers to make capital investment in network upgrades and operational cost
 in order to sustain the significant traffic optimization. As an MVNO we rely on the host network providers telecommunications
 infrastructure and don t foresee any heavy capital investment in expenditure, maintenance or upgrading of network infrastructure
 however this does not eliminate the potential threat and risk that could be associated with the indirect effect of network
 overload or saturation. Establishing an effective communication channel with our network provider partner to address issues
 of bandwidth will not be an assurance of material mitigation. 

Data
 Security breach or threats and attacks from third parties 

The
 profile of digital security has increased in recent years and mainly attributed to headlining news in the media. As global
 communities become increasingly dependent on computing and networking it is imperative that these systems operate securely. While
 standards continue to meet the needs of the industry and end user, the increased use of open interphases and protocols and
 the sheer diversity of applications and platforms are increasingly raising threats for malicious use of networks. The surge
 of security violations (such as viruses and breach of confidentiality) have been observed throughout global networks and often
 resulted in major cost impacts. Keeping abreast rapidly evolving data security threats is a priority for us. In addressing
 these threats the Company approaches all threats with a comprehensive, up-to-the minute knowledge about information assets,
 ecosystem threats and vulnerabilities. The company also employs industry standards in data management, storage and handling
 of information through its systems, processes and management to mitigate any related risk. The Company has deployed all necessary
 and available resources to ensure competent handling of data and neutralization of threats however this cannot completely
 eliminate the threat and risk associated with data security breach or threats and attacks from third parties to its systems
 or data. Breach of data security or threats and attacks on the systems or data of the company could materially affect the
 reputation of the Company and could be detrimental to the organizations finances. 

Regulated
 relationship between MVNO and MNO 

The
 relationship between the Company and its Telecom Operator, a Malaysia Network Operator MNO is defined in great
 length through its engagement contract. The Company purchases airtime and bandwidth at wholesale rates and resells them to
 the market offering value added services and package bundles to attract the pool of potential subscribers in the market. At
 the same time the loose ended agreement does not restrict the MNO from offering the similar bundles and value added services
 at a lower rate, due to its lower cost price to the same pool of potential subscribers. Some may argue that this arrangement
 of good faith is done in market competitiveness however this form of non-regulated relationship in terms of product offerings
 can adversely affect the current and future prospects of the Company. 

-
17 - 

MVNO s
 business is subject to extensive regulation 

The
 provision of telecommunications services in Malaysia are subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the MCMC under
 the ambit of the Ministry of energy, Green Technology and Water (formerly known as Ministry of Energy, Water and Communications
 Malaysia). We are further governed by the Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Act, 1998 CMA pursuant to which our NSP-I was granted. While we strongly believe that our NSP-I licence and approvals and in
 good standing and expect to be able to continue to fulfill our licence and approval terms to the satisfaction of the MCMC,
 there is no assurance that renewals will be on the same terms as the existing licences. 

Any
 inability to obtain new licences, or delay in the renewal of existing licences, could impede our provision of services and
 could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our operational and financial
 results could also be adversely affected if adverse fee charges, such as the establishment of regulated pricing, are introduced
 by the MCMC. 

Changes
 in laws, regulations or MCMC policy affecting our business activities and those of its competitors could adversely affect
 our financial condition or results of operations. In particularly, decision by the MCMC in the areas of the grant,
 amendment or renewal of licenses to us or third parties, if unfavourable to us, could adversely affect our financial condition
 and results of operations. There can be no assurance that the Minister will not issue new or additional telecommunications
 licences to new or existing mobile operators whose services will compete with those offered by us. 

We
 may be liable for our distributors actions 

As
 our distributors are third parties, we have no control over their operations but we may be held accountable for their actions
 as they are deemed to be our agents or representatives. 

Currently,
 liability for agent actions is limited to prepaid registration which is governed by MCMC s guidelines on Registration
 of End-Users of Prepaid Public cellular Services (No. 1 and No. 2) and the Guidelines on Prepaid Registration (collectively
 Prepaid Guidelines ). There is no guarantee that liabilities for agent actions will not be extended to other
 areas since the Minister has the power to impose additional conditions. 

However,
 all our distributors and their dealers are required to follow strictly to our standard operating procedures for prepaid registration
 to minimize non-compliance and possible fines by MCMC. 

We
 are exposed to risks relating to content downloaded or uploaded by its subscribers 

Mobile
 communications providers may be subject to third party allegations of intellectual property rights infringement with regards
 to content downloaded or uploaded by its subscribers. There can be no assurance that our subscribers do not and
 will not infringe the intellectual property rights of others. 

In
 some instances, these third party allegations may have progressed to lawsuits alleging infringement of patent and other rights. Any
 such allegations, whether or not meritorious, could result in costly litigation and divert the efforts of our personnel. While
 we continuously seek appropriate assurances and indemnification from vendors, if it is ultimately determined that a third
 party has enforceable intellectual property rights with respect to our products and services, it may adversely affect our
 results of operations or prevent us from offering our services. 

If
 we are found liable for infringement, we may be required to other into licensing agreements (if available on acceptable terms
 or at all) or pay damages and cease selling certain products and services. In addition, we may need to redesign
 some of our product and service offerings to avoid future infringement liabilities. 

Concerns
 about alleged mobile telecommunications health risk 

Certain
 reports, albeit not conclusive, indicate that radio frequency emissions from mobile handsets and other mobile equipment may
 have an adverse effect on the health of mobile telephone users and others. The issuances of such reports in the
 future could adversely affect the market price of the shares of mobile telecommunications service providers, including ours,
 and the actual or perceived risk of mobile telecommunications devices could adversely affect mobile operators such as ours
 through reduced subscriber growth, reduction in subscribers or reduced usage per subscriber. 

-
18 - 

RISKS
 RELATING TO MALAYSIA 

Developments
 in Asia and globally may negatively impact our MVNO operation 

The
 global economy though expanded at a modest pace in 2013 was riled with the increase in payroll tax and the automatic government
 spending cuts in US and the uncertainties emanating from the crisis in Cyprus. To a certain extent, the Malaysian economy
 was affected but was driven by the continued strong growth in domestic demand. The Malaysian economy expanded by 4.7 in 2013
 (2012: 5.6 with GDP recorded at 4.7 (2012: 5.6 ). Further adverse economic developments globally and in
 Asia could have a material adverse effect on Clixster s financial condition and results of operation. 

Bank Negara Malaysia Annual Report 2013 

Political,
 economic and social developments or other changes in tax law or other regulations in Malaysia may adversely affect our MVNO
 operation 

Our
 business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by political, economic, social
 and legal developments in Malaysia. Such political and economic uncertainties include, but are not limited to,
 the risks of war, terrorism, nationalism or nullification of contract, changes in interest rates and methods of taxation. Negative
 developments in Malaysia s socio-political environment may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
 of operations. In addition, changes in tax laws or other regulations or actions taken by the Government to partially
 or wholly nationalize our operation or our operating assets could adversely affect our results of operations and financial
 condition. 

-
19 - 

ITEM
 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
 2. PROPERTIES 

PROPERTY
 HELD BY US. Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries own any properties or facilities. 

During
 the year under review, we lease and occupy 5,000 square feet of office space in Kuala Lumpur for our executive and administrative
 office at a cost of about RM12,000 or about US 3,429 per month. 

At
 the date of this report, we are operating at Level 7, Tower 7, Avenue 5, The Horizon Bangsar South, No.8 Jalan Kerinchi, 59200,
 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia with an area of 200 square feet at no costs. We use this premises on a monthly basis and
 pay no rent. We believe we will be able to obtain additional space, as needed, on commercially reasonable terms. 

ITEM
 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There
 are no legal actions pending against us nor are any legal actions contemplated by us at this time. 

ITEM
 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
 applicable. 

-
20 - 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5. MARKET PRICE FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

MARKET
 INFORMATION 

Our
 shares are quoted and traded from time to time on the OTC Markets under the symbol CHMD .
 Although trading in our Common Stock has occurred on a relatively consistent basis, the volume of
 shares traded has been limited; the quotations are limited and sporadic at times. 
 
 The
 following table shows the reported quarterly high and low closing sales price for our shares within the last two fiscal
 years on the OTC Bulletin Board. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission,
 and may not represent actual transactions. Investors should not rely on historical prices of our Common Stock as an indication
 of its future price performance. The closing price of our Common Stock on December 31, 2014 was 0.01 per share. 

Quarter 
 High 
 Low 

------------------------ 
 ------------- 
 -------------- 

Fourth Quarter
 2014 
 0.020 
 0.001 

Third Quarter
 2014 
 0.027 
 0.010 

Second Quarter
 2014 
 0.019 
 0.008 

First Quarter
 2014 
 0.025 
 0.010 

Fourth Quarter
 2013 
 0.028 
 0.010 

Third Quarter
 2013 
 0.020 
 0.009 

Second Quarter
 2013 
 0.030 
 0.001 

First Quarter
 2013 
 0.0228 
 0.0125 

HOLDERS 
 
 The
 number of record holders of our common stock as of December 31, 2015, was 87 based on information received from our transfer
 agent. This amount excludes an indeterminate number of shareholders whose shares are held in street or nominee 
 name. 

DIVIDENDS 
 
 There
 have been no cash dividends declared on our Common Stock since inception. It is the present policy of the Company to retain
 earnings to finance the growth and development of the business and, therefore, the Company does not anticipate paying
 dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. 

The
 holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.
 There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of our directors or any other matter. Therefore, the holders of
 more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of those directors can elect all of the directors. The holders of our Common
 Stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors from funds legally available therefore.
 Cash dividends are at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding
 up, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after
 payment of our liabilities and after provision has been made for each class of stock, if any, having any preference in relation
 to our Common Stock. Holders of shares of our Common Stock have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights, and
 there are no redemption provisions applicable to our Common Stock. 

-
21 - 

STOCK
 OPTIONS 
 During
 the year, we had one effective equity compensation plan. The detail of the equity compensation plan is set out below. 

2007
 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 On
 February 19, 2007, our Board of Directors authorized and approved the adoption of the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan effective
 the same date (the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan ). 
 
 The
 purpose of the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan is to enhance our long-term stockholder value by offering opportunities to our
 directors, officers, employees and eligible consultants to acquire and maintain stock ownership in order to give these
 persons the opportunity to participate in our growth and success, and to encourage them to remain in our service. 
 
 The
 2007 Stock Incentive Plan is to be administered by our Board of Directors or a committee Plan Administrator appointed by and consisting of two or more members of our Board of Directors, which shall determine (i) the persons to
 be granted stock options under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan; (ii) the number of shares subject to each option, the exercise
 price of each stock option; and (iii) whether the stock option shall be exercisable at any time during the option period
 of ten years or whether the stock option shall be exercisable in installments or by vesting only. The 2007 Stock Incentive
 Plan provides authorization to the Board of Directors to grant stock options to purchase a total number of shares, not
 exceed 38,400,000 shares as at the date of adoption by the Board of Directors. At the time a stock option is granted under
 the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, the Board of Directors shall fix and determine the exercise price at which shares of our
 Common Stock may be acquired. 
 
 In
 the event an optionee ceases to be employed by or to provide services to us for reasons other than cause, retirement,
 disability or death, any stock option that is vested and held by such optionee generally may be exercisable for such period
 of time thereafter as shall be determined by the Plan Administrator and set forth in the documents evidencing the option.
 The Plan Administrator shall have complete discretion either at the time an option is granted or at any time while the
 option remains outstanding, to i) extend the period of time which the option is to be exercisable following the optionees
 cessation of service, but not beyond the expiration of the option term and/or ii) permit the option to be exercised after
 the cessation of employment of both vested and unvested options at the time of cessation of employment. 
 
 No
 stock options granted under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan will be transferable by the optionee other than by will or by
 the laws of descent and distribution following the optionee's death, and each stock option will be exercisable during
 the lifetime of the optionee subject to the option period of ten years or limitations described above. The options can
 be assigned in whole or in part during the Optionee's lifetime to one or more members of the optionee's immediate family,
 provided the assignment is connected to estate planning or pursuant to a domestic relations order. 
 
 The
 exercise price of a stock option granted pursuant to the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan shall be paid in full to us by delivery
 of consideration equal to the product of the number of shares multiplied by the exercise price. Any stock option settlement,
 including payment deferrals or payments deemed made by way of settlement of pre-existing indebtedness from the Company
 may be subject to such conditions, restrictions and contingencies as may be determined by the Plan Administrator. 
 
 The
 2007 Stock Incentive Plan further provides that, subject to the provisions of the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan and prior
 Stockholder approval, the Board of Directors may grant to any key individuals who are our employees eligible to receive
 options, one or more incentive stock options to purchase the number of shares of Common Stock allotted by the Board of
 Directors (the Incentive Stock Options ). The option price per share of Common Stock deliverable upon the exercise
 of an Incentive Stock Option shall be at least 100 of the fair market value of the Common Shares of the Company and in
 the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to an optionee who owns more than 10 of the total combined voting power
 of all classes of our stock, shall not be less than 110 of the fair market value of our Common Stock. The option term
 of each Incentive Stock Option shall be determined by the Plan Administrator, which shall not commence sooner than from
 the date of grant and shall terminate no later than ten years from the date of grant of the Incentive Stock Option, except
 for optionee who owns more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of our stock whom shall terminate
 no later than five year from the date of grant of the Incentive Stock Option. 
 
 On
 March 8, 2007, we registered 38,400,000 shares underlying stock options under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan with the SEC
 pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8. 
 
 From
 2007 to 2013 the Company issued a total of 6,522,309 shares under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 In
 2014, the Company did not issue any shares under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 In
 summary, as of December 31, 2014, (i) the Company has issued 6,522,309 shares under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, (ii)
 there are no outstanding stock options to purchase our Common Stock under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan and, (iii) there
 are still 31,877,691 shares issuable under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. 

-
22 - 

ISSUER
 PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 No
 repurchases of our Common Stock were made during the fourth quarter and during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2014. 

PENNY
 STOCK REGULATIONS 
 
 Shares
 of our Common Stock are subject to rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission that regulate broker-dealer
 practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks . Penny stocks are generally equity securities with
 a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the
 Nasdaq system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in those securities is
 provided by the exchange or system). 

The
 penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules,
 deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission, which contains the following: 

- 
 a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings
 and secondary trading; 
 - 
 a description of the broker's or dealer's duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer
 with respect to violation to such duties or other requirements of securities' laws; 
 - 
 a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny
 stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; 
 - 
 a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; 
 - 
 definitions of significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and 
 - 
 such other information and is in such form (including language, type, size and format), as the Securities and Exchange
 Commission shall require by rule or regulation 

Prior
 to effecting any transaction in penny stock, the broker-dealer also must provide the customer the following: 
 
 - 
 the bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; 
 - 
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; 
 - 
 the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and
 liquidity of the market for such stock; and 
 - 
 monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. 

In
 addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules,
 the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser
 and receive the purchaser's written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions
 involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably statement. These disclosure requirements may have
 the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules.
 Holders of shares of our Common Stock may have difficulty selling those shares because our Common Stock will probably be subject
 to the penny stock rules. 

ITEM
 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

A
 registrant that qualifies as a smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information required by this item. 

-
23 - 

ITEM
 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
 following discussion of our financial condition and our subsidiaries and our results of operations should be read together
 with the consolidated financial statements and related notes that are included later in this Annual Report on Form 10- K.
 This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially
 from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under
 Risk Factors or in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Year
 ended December 31, 2014 compared with year ended December 31, 2013 

Results
 of Operations 

REVENUES 
 
 For
 the year ended December 31, 2014, the Group has realized revenue of 4,216 and no cost of revenue, achieving a gross profit
 of 4,216 from its continuing operations. For the year ended December 31, 2013 there was no revenue, costs of sales and
 gross profit from the continuing operations. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Group has realized revenue of 5,186,766
 and a cost of revenue of 4,136,723 and sales discount of 851,916 achieving a gross profit of 198,127 from its business
 operations held for sale (Note 6). For the year ended December 31, 2013, Group has realized revenue of 2,660,292 and
 a cost of revenue of 1,439,211 and sale discount of 683,087 achieving a gross profit of 537,994 from its business operations
 held for sale (Note 6). 

OPERATING
 EXPENSES 
 
 For
 the year ended December 31, 2014, from our continuing operations, our gross profit was 4,216 and our total operating
 expenses were 135,383, all of which were selling, general and administrative expenses. We also had 400,050 in write
 back of liabilities, 420,362 in gain from disposal of subsidiaries, 146,667 in interest expenses and loss from our operations
 held for sales of 4,002,463 so that the net loss to our shareholders before non-controlled interests for the year ended
 December 31, 2014 was 3,459,885. This was in comparison to the year ended December 31, 2013 where we had no gross profit,
 95,847 in administration expenses and a loss from our operations held for sales of 1,741,741 so that the net loss to
 our shareholders before non-controlled interest for the year ended December 31, 2103 was 1,764,185. 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2014, from our operation held for sale, our gross profit was 198,127 and our total operating
 expenses were 3,285,725, all of which were general and administrative expenses. We also had 345,000 in interest expenses,
 loss on foreign exchange of 583,712 and other income of 13,847 so that the net loss from our operations held for sale for
 the year ended December 31, 2014 was 4,002,463 (Note 6). This is in comparison to the year ended December 31, 2013 from operations
 held for sale, where our gross profit was 537,994 and our total operating expenses were 2,181,255, all of which were selling,
 general and administrative expenses. We also had 5,921 in interest expenses, 1,770 in bank charges, 93,779 in loss
 on foreign exchange and 2,990 in other income, so that the net loss from our operations held for sale for the year ended
 December 31, 2013 was 1,741,741 (Note 6). 

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

As
 at December 31, 2014, the Company had cash and cash equivalents totaling 21,245 in operations held
 for sale. Also as at December 31, 2014, the Company s current and total assets was 7,393,956
 consisting of deposits and prepayments of 4,538 and assets of operations held for sale of 7,389,418.
 We also had current liabilities of 13,075,651 which were represented by 146,667 in amounts due to
 related parties, 639,248 in other payables and accruals, and 12,289,736 in operations held for sale
 as of December 31, 2014. We also had 2,000,000 in long-term shareholders loan as of December 31,
 2014, making our total liabilities 15,075,651. 
 
 At
 present the Company does not have sufficient cash resources to provide for all general corporate operations in the foreseeable
 future. The Company will be required to raise additional capital in order to continue and expand its operations in fiscal
 2014. 

-
24 - 

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

There
 were no net cash provided by investing activities and financing activities in 2014 and 2013 from continuing operations. The
 Company intends to monitor the monthly cash outlays in the coming months and conserve cash until additional financing can
 be received through other funding. The net loss for the year was 3,459,885 compared to net loss of 1,764,185 in the prior
 year. 

At
 present the Company does not have sufficient cash resources, receivables and cash flow to provide for all general corporate
 operations in the foreseeable future. In 2015 the Company changed its focus from a prepaid MNVO business model to refocus
 to a post-paid business model This new MVNO business models requires injection of funds for the development of its postpaid
 business model. The Company will be required to raise further funds to meet its other liabilities and operation
 requirements to continue to operation in the future by i) selling its Common Stock ii) raise from the capital markets, or
 iii) sell additional assets. 

Going
 Concern 

The
 Company's financial statements are presented on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction
 of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

As
 of December 31, 2014, the Company has an accumulated deficits totaling 9,140,232 and its current liabilities exceed its current
 assets by 5,681,695. The Company has also experienced a significant loss in 2014 of 3,459,885 (2013: 1,764,185). 

The
 Company's ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon its ability to secure additional financing and attain
 profitable operations. In addition, the Company's ability to continue as a going concern must be considered in light of the
 problems, expenses and complications frequently encountered in developing markets and the competitive environment in which
 the Company operates. 

The
 Company is pursuing financing for its operations and seeking additional investments. In addition, the Company is seeking to
 in develop the MVNO business in Malaysia. Failure to secure such financing, to raise additional equity capital and to develop
 its operations may result in the Company depleting its available funds and not being able pay its obligations. 

The
 financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification
 of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue
 as a going concern. 

Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements 

There
 are no off balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
 condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or
 capital resources that are material to investors. 

Capital
 Expenditure Commitments 

We
 had no material capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2014. However we expect to invest, subject to availability
 of funding, approximately 2,500,000 in capital expenditure over the next 12 month for the MVNO business. 

-
25 - 

Critical
 Accounting Policies 

We
 prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States,
 and make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the
 related disclosures of contingent liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that we
 believe are reasonable in the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

The
 following critical accounting policies affect our more significant estimates and assumptions used in preparing our consolidated
 financial statements. 

Stock-Based
 Compensation 

The
 Company accounts for equity instruments issued to employees for services based on the fair value of the equity instruments
 issued and accounts for equity instruments issued to other than employees based on the fair value of the consideration received
 or the fair value of the equity instruments, whichever is more reliably measurable. 

The
 Company accounts for stock based compensation in accordance with ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation 
 which, prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all stock-based payments award to employees, including employee stock
 options, restricted stock, employee stock purchase plans and stock appreciation rights, may be classified as either equity
 or liabilities. The Company should determine if a present obligation to settle the share-based payment transaction in cash
 or other assets exists. A present obligation to settle in cash or other assets exists if: a the option to settle
 by issuing equity instruments lacks commercial substance or b the present obligation is implied because of an entity s
 past practices or stated policies. If a present obligation exists, the transaction should be recognized as a liability; otherwise,
 the transaction should be recognized as equity. 

The
 Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of
 ASC 505-50 Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees . Measurement of share-based payment transactions with
 non-employees shall be based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: a the goods or services
 received; or b the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction should be determined
 at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date. 

Recently
 Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Recently
 issued accounting pronouncements and their effect on us are discussed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements
 in our December 31, 2014 audited financial statements. 

ITEM
 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

A
 smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

-
26 - 

ITEM
 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

Please
 see page F-1 through F-18 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM
 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

During
 the reports for the two most recent fiscal years, there were no disagreements with HKCMCPA Company Limited on any matter of
 accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure as covered by Item 304
 (a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of HKCMCPA Company Limited would have
 caused them to make reference thereto in their report on the financial statements for such years. 

ITEM
 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
 Controls and Procedures 

Under
 the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our then Chief Executive Officer, Noor Azlan Khamis
 and our current Chief Executive Officer, Andrew Hwan Lee, and our Chief Financial Officer, Mohd Suhaimi bin Rozali, we evaluated
 the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as of a date (the Evaluation Date within ninety (90) days prior to the filing of
 our December 31, 2014 Form 10-K. 

Based
 upon that evaluation, our Management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2014, our disclosure controls and procedures were
 not effective in timely alerting management to the material information relating to us (or our consolidated subsidiaries)
 required to be included in our periodic filings with the SEC. 

Internal
 Control over Financial Reporting 

(a) Management s
 Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . 

Our
 management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined
 in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to
 provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

-
27 - 

A
 material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that
 there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the registrant s annual or interim financial statements
 will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Our
 management, with the participation of its CEO and President, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
 reporting as of December 31, 2014. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of The Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on that assessment
 under such criteria, management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December
 31, 2014 due to control deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses. A material weakness is a control deficiency, or
 combination of control deficiencies, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual
 or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

In
 the course of making our assessment of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting, we identified one
 material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness consisted of inadequate staffing
 within the accounting operations of our Company. The small number of employees who are responsible for accounting functions
 (more specifically, two in our subsidiary accounting department) prevents us from segregating duties within our internal control
 system. The inadequate segregation of duties is a weakness because it could lead to the untimely identification and resolution
 of accounting and disclosure matters or could lead to a failure to perform timely and effective reviews. 

We
 are in the process of developing and implementing remediation plans to address our material weaknesses. 

Management
 has identified specific remedial actions to address the material weaknesses described above: 

Improve
 the effectiveness of the accounting group by continuing to augment our existing resources with additional
 consultants or employees to improve segregation procedures and to assist in the analysis and recording
 of complex accounting transactions and preparation of tax disclosures. We plan to mitigate the segregation
 of duties issues by hiring additional personnel in the accounting department once we have achieved
 positive cash flow from operations, and/or have raised significant additional working capital. 
 Improve
 segregation procedures by strengthening cross approval of various functions including cash disbursements and quarterly
 internal audit procedures where appropriate. 

Due
 to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections
 of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
 changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control
 systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
 can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Changes
 in Controls and Procedures 

There
 were no significant changes made in our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014 that have materially
 affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect these controls. Thus, no corrective actions with regard to significant
 deficiencies or material weaknesses were necessary. 

Attestation
 Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
 annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
 control over financial reporting. We were not required to have, nor have we, engaged our independent registered public accounting
 firm to perform an audit of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the Commission that permit
 us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

ITEM
 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

-
28 - 

ITEM
 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERANCE. 

Executive
 Officers and Directors. Our directors and principal executive officers during year 2014 and to the date of this report are
 as specified on the following table: 

NAME 
 POSITION 
 APPOINTED /
 RESIGNED DURING THE PERIOD 
 
 Andrew
 Hwan LEE 
 Non
 Executive Director 
 Appointed
 on January 31, 2014 
 
 CHING
 Chiat Kwong 
 Non
 Executive Director 
 Appointed
 on January 31, 2014 and resigned on February 5, 2015, and re-appointed on October 21, 2015 
 
 Abdul
 Fattah Abdullah 
 Non
 Executive Director 
 Appointed
 on October 21, 2015 
 
 Ahmad
 Shukri Abdul Ghani 
 Non
 Executive Director 
 Appointed
 on October 21, 2015 
 
 Mohd
 Suhaimi Bin ROZALI 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 Appointed
 on June 8, 2012 
 
 Megat
 Radzman MEGAT 
KHAIRUDDIN 
 Executive
 Chairman 
 Appointed
 on January 31, 2014 and resigned on May 12, 2015 
 
 Noor
 Azlan KHAMIS 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President 
 and
 Executive Director 
 Appointed
 on January 31, 2014 and resigned on October 21, 2015 
 
 Azrinaz
 Mazhar HAKIM 
 MAZHAR 
 Non
 Executive Director 
 Appointed
 on January 31, 2014 and resigned on October 21, 2015 
 
 Mohd
 Mahyudin Bin ZAINAL 
 Non
 Executive Director 
 Appointed
 on June 8, 2012 and resigned on April 15, 2014 
 
 Norlizah
 Binti Zainal 
 Executive
 Director 
 Resigned
 on January 31, 2014 
 
 Mohd
 Khairudin Bin Ramli 
 Non-executive
 Director 
 Resigned
 on January 31, 2014 

Our
 directors hold office until the earlier of their death, resignation or removal by stockholders or until their successors have
 been qualified. Our officers are elected annually by, and serve at the pleasure of, our board of directors. 

Biographies 

Directors
 and Officers 

Andrew
 Hwan Lee. Andrew Lee, aged 53, was appointed to be the Non-Executive Director on January 31, 2014
 and the President and Chief Executive Officer on October 21, 2015. He is a Korean American with an
 extensive international work experience. His first job stint started in 1987 at Trustbank Savings
 in Virginia, USA where he was the Assistant Manager of its Computer Department. Later in 1990, he
 joined International Computer Consulting (ICC) Corp., also in Virginia as the IS Manager before joining
 the Clinton-Gore Presidential Campaign team in Washington DC in October 1991 for 13 months as the
 System Manager, responsible for data communications and was tasked with designing the LAN and WAN
 infrastructure to support the presidential campaign and its subsequent testing and implementation. 
 
 He
 later joined Hughes Communication in December 1992, under the National Rural Telecommunication Cooperative as the Head
 of DBS Billing Applications where he was responsible for the selection, specification, development, implementation and
 operations of the billing system. 
 
 In
 early 1995, he was appointed as the Chief Information Officer of MEASAT Broadcast Network Systems in Malaysia MBNS ).
 Operating under the brand ASTRO, MBNS is an integrated electronic media enterprise offering a wide-range of multimedia
 broadcasting services and one of the largest broadcasting companies in Asia, offering 100 television and 8 radio channels
 in digital format. During his 5 years tenure, Andrew played a pivotal role to develop and maintain an efficient telecommunication
 infrastructure and to design and establish a scalable and robust networking infrastructure, which would transparently
 integrate various critical broadcasting-related sub-systems and administrative system using leading edge technology with
 a centralised data centre for the operations and management of these systems. His expertise and knowledge were not confined
 to the Company alone as he was also involved in the Group s activities as Chairman of the Group s IT Committee,
 Technical Advisor for the Binariang s (a sister company of MBNS) satellite systems and Advisor/Consultant/Project
 Manager for the Group s regional call centre in Philippines. 
 
 Subsequently
 in 2000, Mr. Lee was appointed as the Group CEO of DataOne Group Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of KEPPEL T T, which
 is in the business of building and operating world class Internet Data Center in Singapore, Malaysia, Philippines and
 Thailand, managing an operating budget of over S 500 million. 
 
 In
 July 2007 till now, he is the Chief Strategy Officer of HUB Technologies Sdn Bhd, an aerosol fire suppression systems
 provider serving both the domestic and international scenes. Its product under the brand name of Aerohub is known as the
 only organic aerosol fire suppression solution in the world and recognized by the Government of Malaysia as a National
 Product. HUB Technologies was awarded a Central Contract from the Ministry of Finance of Malaysia worth RM2 billion. 

Andrew
 Lee studied computer engineering at University of Missouri in 1985. He is not a director or officer of any other reporting
 company. 

-
29 - 

Ching
 Chiat Kwong. Ching, aged 50, was appointed as the Non-Executive Director of the Company on January 31, 2014 and resigned
 on February 5, 2015. Mr Ching rejoined the Board on October 21, 2015. Mr. Ching is the Executive Chairman and CEO of Oxley
 Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange SGX ). He is responsible for the overall
 performance as well as for the formulation of corporate strategies, and the future direction of the Oxley Group. Ching
 also serves as a Non-Executive Director of Artivision Technologies Ltd, a SGX Catalist-listed company. 

Ching
 possesses more than 15 years of experience in real estate development and telecommunications in Asia. Prior to establishing
 the Oxley Group, he invested in, developed and successfully launched 13 residential property projects in various parts of
 Singapore. His ability to identify market trends and business opportunities has enabled him to chart the course for the Oxley
 Group s expansion towards the development of industrial and commercial projects in addition to residential properties.
 Under Mr. Ching s leadership, the Oxley Group completed its initial public offering (IPO) on the SGX Catalist in October
 2010. Oxley s IPO was then the largest offering ever made on SGX Catalist. 

Apart
 from his commitments at Oxley, Ching is also an active supporter of programmes that benefit the elderly and socially disadvantaged.
 Ching graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree and a Bachelor of Social Sciences (Hons) degree from the National University
 of Singapore in 1989 and 1990, respectively. He is not a director or officer of any other reporting company. 

Abdul
 Fattah Abdullah. Mr. Abdul Fattah Abdullah, aged 56, was appointed as non-executive director on
 October 21, 2015. He is currently the President of the National Cooperative Movement of Malaysia or
 Angkasa, which is the defacto body of the cooperatives movement in Malaysia. Appointed since
 June 2013, he plays an important role in driving Angkasa in providing high quality products and services
 as well as protecting the interests and championing the rights of the cooperative movement through
 professional management. 
 
 He
 is also the President of ASEAN Cooperative Organisation (ACO) until his term expires in 2018. He also sits as Board member
 in Cooperative College of Malaysia and the Federal Land Consolidation and Rehabilitation Committee FELRA ),
 a Government-linked company involved in rehabilitation and consolidation of rural lands through re-planting and helping
 its community participate in national economy activities. In addition, he is chairman of 2 subsidiaries under FELCRA namely
 Felcraniaga Pte Ltd and Felcra Training and Consultancy Pte Ltd. 
 
 He
 graduated from Universiti Putra Malaysia with a Bachelor in Communication in 2004 and a Professional Diploma in Entrepreneurship
 and Business Management from Universiti Malaya in 2003. He is not a director or officer of any other reporting company. 

Ahmad
 Shukri Abdul Ghani. Mr. Ahmad Shukri Abdul Ghani, aged44, was appointed as non-executive director
 on October 21, 2015. He graduated with his law degree from University of Wales, Cardiff, Wales in
 1996 and then in 1997, obtained his Barrister at Law from the Honourable Society of Gray s Inn.
 In 2011, he pursued and obtained his Certificate of Usuluddin from Universiti Malaya. 
 
 Mr.
 Ahmad Shukri currently is a partner of Messrs. Aziz Hon Annuar. For the past 10 years he has been with PGN Link Sdn Bhd.
 He worked in various industries including being the General Manager for EH Auto Link (Asia) Sdn Bhd, a company in the
 business of importing and producing automotive parts and Managing Director of PGN Link Sdn Bhd, which deals in the trading
 of used automotive parts. As a result of his many years in automotive sector, he was involved in the negotiation with
 the Malaysia Automotive Institute in drawing up the National Automotive Policy. He was also invited to the British Standard
 Office in London for a discussion in the formation of a new standard for used automotive parts. 
 
 Besides
 being a member of the Malaysian Bar Council, England and Wales Bar Council and The Honourable Society of Gray s
 Inn, Mr. Ahmad Shukri is the secretary of the Parent-Teachers Association of Hira Educational Institution and the
 Seri Banang, Taman Seri Andalas Residents Association and a working committee for End of Life of Vehicles at Standards
 and Industrial Research Institute of Malaysia SIRIM ). He is not a director or officer of any other reporting
 company. 

Mohd
 Suhaimi Bin Rozali. Mohd Suhaimi, aged 54, was appointed as an officer of the Company on June 8, 2012 holding
 the position of Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 

Mohd
 Suhaimi graduated from Universiti Teknologi Mara and started his career with Bank Bumiputra Malaysia Berhad, serving at its
 branches and in the commercial banking division. He later joined the public listed company, Idris Hydraulic (Malaysia) Bhd
 IHMB in November 2000 and was part of the white knight's team that undertook the comprehensive corporate debt
 restructuring exercise of IHMB. Upon the completion of the restructuring exercise of IHMB, the white knight company, Idaman
 Unggul Berhad IUB assumed the listing status of IHMB and was listed on the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia on November
 2003. Mohd Suhaimi left IUB to join Transmission Resources Sdn. Bhd. in November 2005, before leaving Transmission Resources
 Sdn. Bhd. to set up his own company in February 2007. He joined ECE Technologies in December 2009. Mohd Suhaimi is not an
 officer or director of any other reporting company. 

-
30 - 

Ir.
 Dr Megat Radzman Megat Khairuddin, Ph.D. Megat Radzman, aged 48, was appointed as Chairman and Executive Director on January
 31, 2014 and he resigned on May 12, 2015. Megat Radzman is an Engineer by training, a graduate of University of British
 Columbia, Vancouver, Canada with a Degree in Electronics Engineering specializing in Data Communication. 

Megat
 Radzman is a serial entrepreneur with a penchant interest in technology. He had successfully created several ventures over
 the last 15 years, most notably when he co-founded the largest mobile-phone manufacturer and supplier in Malaysia with offices
 in Singapore, Indonesia, Bangladesh and China. His profound understandings of the mobile consumer market and astute business
 skills led his venture to become the largest mobile phones distribution network in Malaysia with over 4000 authorized distributors,
 resellers and specialized mobile retail stores nationwide, and over 17 distributors in countries within the region. 

He
 began his career as a Consultant Business Partner for Siemens Ericsson and subsequently for the Hungarian Telecommunication
 Association. He then worked as Designer Technical Consultant for RISTI (R D division of PT Telekom, Indonesia based
 in Bandung). He left to set-up and build CSL Group of Companies, the largest mobile-phone manufacturer and supplier in Malaysia
 with businesses in Singapore, Indonesia, Bangladesh and China. He served as the Vice Chairman of CSL and consequently departed
 from the Group after the CSL brand was acquired by S i2i Limited (formerly known as Spice i2i Limited), one of the largest
 Mobile Internet companies in ASEAN region which is headquartered in Singapore. 

Megat
 Radzman received his doctorate in International Marketing from National University of Malaysia in 2010. 

Noor
 Azlan Khamis. Noor Azlan aged 42, was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director of the Company
 on January 31, 2014. He resigned as a director, Chief Executive Officer and President on October 21, 2015. Noor Azlan
 holds an MBA in Strategic Marketing from Maastricht School of Management (Holland) with 15 years of technology and marketing
 experience in both enterprise and service provider networking. 

He
 began his career with Asia Connect (1994) under the STI group of companies which was one of the first Internet companies in
 South East Asia that provided such services as email addresses, domain name registration and even streaming internet radio
 broadcasts. From October 2007 until May 2010 he led the turnaround exercise for Konsortium Multimedia Swasta Sdn Bhd (KOMMS)
 as its Director of Business Development and Strategic Planning. He was later appointed as the Chief Executive Officer at Myputralink
 Group of Companies, a Wireless solution provider and data networking systems company which is part of Zenith Capital Sdn Bhd,
 a company linked to Oilcorp Berhad. 

Noor
 Azlan was also involved with Medical Online Sdn Bhd during the introduction of MSC 7 flagship in the end-90s, where he was
 responsible for Strategic Planning and Marketing of Malaysian Telehealth Project. Subsequently, Noor Azlan led an initiative
 to deploy private sector telemedicine project with Malaysian Medical Association and Association of Private Hospital of Malaysian
 under Open Net System Inc. Noor Azlan was also the co-founder of Giro Mobile Payment Sdn Bhd, whose principal activities were
 in the telecommunications, ICT and its related business services. 

Azrinaz
 Mazhar Hakim Mazhar. Azrinaz Mazhar, aged 36, was appointed as the Non-Executive Director of the Company on January 31,
 2014. She resigned as a director on October 21, 2015. Miss Hakim Mazhar started work as a broadcast journalist with
 Malaysia s number one private television station TV3 in 1997. She was a graduate from Malaysia Institute of Integrative
 Media (MIIM) in broadcasting and appeared on TV3 s Buletin Pagi, Berita Terkini and Bulletin 1.30 news segments. She
 won several accolades throughout her career with TV3 including TV3 s Most Promising Journalist award in
 2000 and received the MIIM Alumni Award in 2002. During her broadcasting stints, she completed numerous assignments including
 covering several government and business conferences, as well as interviewing world government leaders and business personalities.
 She left the TV station in May 2005 to venture into other undertakings. 

Hakim
 Mazhar, who is the former wife of the Sultan of Brunei, is also active in social and community work and currently the Patron
 of the Drug Free Youths Association of Malaysia, an NGO that promotes 'tobacco-alcohol-drug' free lifestyle amongst the youths.
 She also sits on the board of directors of BACA, an NGO that promotes literacy among the rural communities. Previously, she
 was the Patron of the Brunei Breast Cancer Awareness Association for three years. 

-
31 - 

Mohd
 Mahyudin Bin Zainal. Mohd Mahyudin was appointed as Director and President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 on June 8, 2012. He resigned as President and Chief Executive Officer on January 31, 2014 and as director on April 15, 2014.
 Since August 2008, Mohd Mahyudin has been the Chief Executive Officer of ECE Technologies Sdn. Bhd which was a major shareholder
 of the Company. Mohd Mahyudin obtained a Bachelor of Law Degree LLB (Hons) from Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia and has been
 admitted as Advocate Solicitor of High Court Of Malaya in 1994. He has extensive experience in many spheres of law including
 commercial litigation, conveyancing and corporate legal practice. He has been involved in large scale corporate restructuring
 exercises involving corporate restructuring, mergers and acquisitions of public listed companies locally in Malaysia and also
 acquisitions of foreign companies in South East Asia. He was directly involved in the listing of Mutiara Goodyear Development
 Berhad on the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia and the restructuring of Idaman Unggul Berhad (formerly known as Idris Hydraulic
 (M) Berhad). He was also directly involved in the establishment of Tahan Insurance Berhad via the merger of three insurance
 companies namely Talasco Insurance Berhad, Tenaga Insurance Berhad and People Insurance Berhad. 

Prior
 to joining ECE Technologies in August 2008, he was the Chief Executive Officer/President of WWCable Berhad (company listed
 in Bursa Malaysia). He was involved in various industries such as manufacturing, property development, construction, financial
 and insurance and also an executive director and director of several public listed companies listed in Bursa Malaysia namely
 Idaman Unggul Berhad, Idris Hydraulic Berhad, Mutiara Goodyear Development Berhad, Sern Kou Resources Berhad, Tap Resouces
 Berhad. He was also Director of Talasco Insurance Berhad, People Insurance Berhad and Tahan Insurance Berhad. Mohd Mahyudin
 is not an officer or director of any reporting company. 

NORLIZAH
 BINTI ZAINAL . Ms. Zainal was appointed as Director and Chief Technology Officer of the Company on June 8, 2012 and resigned
 as Director and Chief Technology Officer on January 31, 2014. Ms. Zainal graduated with a Degree in Electrical Engineering
 (Hons) from Universiti Teknologi Malaysia in 1989 and obtained a Diploma in Translation (Science and Technical) from Dewan
 Bahasa dan Pustaka Malaysia in 1990. She was attached to Muhibbah Engineering CMS Berhad as a consultant engineer before joining
 Ericsson Telecommunications, Malaysia in 1990. During her eleven years at Ericsson, she was responsible for local and international
 tenders as well as conducting training for local and international staff and clients. In 2002, she joined Unique Network Sdn
 Bhd. and later joined ECE Technologies Sdn. Bhd. on August 1, 2008 as Chief Technical Officer. Ms. Zainal is not an officer
 nor a director of any reporting company. 

MOHD
 KHAIRUDIN BIN RAMLI . Mr. Ramli was appointed to be our Director on March 9, 2012 and resigned on January 31, 2014. Mr.
 Ramli is a seasoned businessman with over 15 years of experience in Malaysia and South East Asia. Mr. Ramli has
 broad experience and proven ability to execute and deliver successful business operations and proven his entrepreneurship
 skills For the past 5 years, Mr. Ramli has been doing trading business in Malaysia. Mr. Ramli is not an officer or director
 of any reporting company. 

There
 are no orders, judgments, or decrees of any governmental agency or administrator, or of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 revoking or suspending for cause any license, permit or other authority to engage in the securities business or in the sale
 of a particular security or temporarily or permanently restraining any of our officers or directors from engaging in or continuing
 any conduct, practice or employment in connection with the purchase or sale of securities, or convicting such person of any
 felony or misdemeanor involving a security, or any aspect of the securities business or of theft or of any felony. Nor are
 any of the officers or directors of any corporation or entity affiliated with us so enjoined. 

There
 are no family relationships among any of our officers and directors, other than Mohd Mahyudin bin Zainal and Norlizah binti Zainal
 are siblings. 

-
32 - 

AUDIT
 COMMITTEE AND FINANCIAL EXPERT. The Committee has adopted regulations relating to audit committee composition and functions,
 including disclosure requirements relating to the presence of an audit committee financial expert serving on its
 audit committee. In connection with these requirements, our Board of Directors examined the Committee s definition of
 audit committee financial expert and concluded that we do not currently have a person that qualifies as such an
 expert. Presently, there are only five directors serving on our Board of which two are in the audit committee, and we are
 not in a position at this time to attract, retain and compensate additional directors in order to acquire a director who qualifies
 as an audit committee financial expert , but we intend to retain an additional director who will qualify as such
 an expert, as soon as reasonably practicable. While neither of our current audit committee members meet the qualification
 of an audit committee financial expert , each of our audit committee members, by virtue of his past employment
 experience, has considerable knowledge of financial statements, finance, and accounting, and has significant employment experience
 involving financial oversight responsibilities. Accordingly, we believe that our current audit committee members capably fulfill
 the duties and responsibilities of an audit committee in the absence of such an expert. 

SECTION
 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE. Section 16(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 requires our directors, executive
 officers, and any persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities, to file reports of ownership
 and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. SEC regulation requires executive officers, directors
 and greater than 10 stockholders to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on our review
 of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that during
 the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 our executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 stockholders complied with
 all applicable filing requirements. 

CODE
 OF ETHICS. We have adopted a corporate code of ethics that applies to the Company's principal executive officer, principal
 financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. The full text of our
 Code of Conduct is published on our website at www.mediangroupinc.com . The Company shall disclose any substantive amendments
 to the Code of Ethics or any waivers from a provision of the code on its website at www.mediangroupinc.com 
 or in a report on Form 8-K. 

-
33- 

ITEM
 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Any
 compensation received by our officers, directors, and management personnel will be determined from time to time by our Board
 of Directors. Our officers, directors, and management personnel will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred
 on our behalf. 

COMPENSATION
 FOR DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVES. 

The
 following table sets forth the annual and long-term compensation for services in all capacities to the Company for its fiscal
 year ended December 31, 2014 paid to our directors and executive officers who earned more than 100,000 per year at the end
 of the last completed fiscal year. We refer to all of these officers collectively as our named executive officers. 

SUMMARY
 COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 Name
 and principal position 
 Year
 (1) 
 Salary
 ) (13) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock
 Awards 
 ) 
 Option
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation 
 ) 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 ---------------------- 
 ------- 
 ------------- 
 ------------ 
 --------- 
 ---------- 
 --------------- 
 ------------------ 
 --------------- 
 -------------- 
 
 Megat
 Radzman 
 Megat
 Khairuddin (2) 
 2014 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2013 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Noor
 Azlan Khamis (3) 
 2014 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2013 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Andrew
 Hwan Lee (4) 
 2014 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2013 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Azrinaz
 Mazhar 
 Hakim
 Mazhar (5) 
 2014 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2013 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ching
 Chiat Kwong (6) 
 2014 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2013 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mohd
 Mahyudin Bin Zainal (7) 
 2014 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2013 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Norlizah
 Binti Zainal (8) 
 2014 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2013 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mohd
 Suhaimi Bin Rozali (9) 
 2014 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2013 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mohd
 Khairudin Bin Ramli (10) 
 2014 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2013 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Pui
 Kit Lam (11) 
 2014 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 
 2013 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Con
 Unerkov (12) 
 2014 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 
 2013 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Figures
 represent the year ended December 31 for the indicative years. 
 
 (2) 
 Megat Radzman
 was appointed as Executive Chairman and Director of the Company on January 31, 2014 and he resigned from both positions on
 May 12, 2015. 
 
 (3) 
 Noor Azlan was
 appointed as Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 31, 2014 and he resigned on October 21, 2015. 
 
 (4) 
 Andrew Hwan Lee
 was appointed as Non-Executive Director of the Company on January 31, 2014. 
 
 (5) 
 Azrinaz
 Mazhar was appointed as Non-Executive Director of the Company on January 31, 2014 and she resigned on October 21, 2015. 
 
 (6) 
 Ching Chiat Kwong
 was appointed as non-Executive Director of the Company on January 31, 2014 and he resigned on February 5, 2015 and was reappointed
 on October 21, 2015. 
 
 (7) 
 Mohd Mahyudin
 has been the Company CEO, President and Director since June 8, 2012, and he resigned from CEO and President positions on January
 31, 2014, and he resigned as a director on April 15, 2014. 
 
 (8) 
 Norlizah Binti
 Zainal was appointed as CTO and Director on June 8, 2012 and she resigned from both positions on January 31, 2014. 
 
 (9) 
 Mohd Suhaimi has
 been the CFO, Treasurer and Secretary from June 8, 2012 to present. 
 
 (10) 
 Mohd Khairudin
 was appointed as Director on March 9, 2012 and resigned as Director on January 31, 2014. 
 
 (11) 
 Pui Kit Lam was
 a Director from April 8, 2011 to February 25, 2013. 
 
 (12) 
 Con Unerkov was
 a Director in 2013 until he resigned on January 25, 2013. 
 
 (13) 
 Salary paid in
 Malaysian Ringgit (RM). Exchange rate at USD1=RM3 

-
34 - 

The
 following table sets forth certain information concerning stock option awards granted to our executive officers and our directors.
 No options were issued and exercised by our executive officers or directors during the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. 

OUTSTANDING
 EQUITY AWARDS AT DECEMBER 31, 2014 
 
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 
 OPTION
 AWARDS 
 STOCK
 AWARDS 

Name 
 Number of securities
 underlying unexercised options (#) Exercisable 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options (#) 
 Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan
 Awards: Number of Securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#) 
 Option exercise price
 ) 
 Option expiration date 
 Number of shares or
 units of stock that have not vested (#) 
 Market value
 of shares or units of stock that have not vested ) 
 Equity incentive plan
 awards: number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested (#) 
 Equity incentive plan
 awards: Market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested (#) 

---------- 
 ------------ 
 ----------- 
 -------- 
 --------- 
 --------- 
 ---------- 
 ---------- 
 ---------- 
 
 Megat
 Radzman Megat Khairuddin (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Noor
 Azlan Khamis (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Andrew
 Hwan Lee (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Azrinaz
 Mazhar Hakim Mazhar (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ching Chiat Kwong 
 (5) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mohd
 Mahyudin Bin 
 Zainal
 (6) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mohd
 Suhaimi bin Rozali (7) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mohd
 Khairudin Bin Ramli (8) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Norlizah
 Binti Zainal (9) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Megat Radzman was appointed
 as Executive Chairman and Director of the Company on January 31, 2014 and he resigned from both positions on May 12, 2015. 
 
 (2) 
 Noor Azlan was appointed as Director and
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 31, 2014. 
 
 (3) 
 Andrew Hwan Lee was appointed as Non-Executive
 Director of the Company on January 31, 2014. 
 
 (4) 
 Azrinaz Mazhar was appointed as Non-Executive
 Director of the Company on January 31, 2014. 
 
 (5) 
 Ching Chiat Kwong
 was appointed as non-Executive Director of the Company on January 31, 2014 and he resigned on February 5, 2015. 
 
 (6) 
 Mohd Mahyudin has been the Company CEO,
 President and Director since June 8, 2012, and he resigned from CEO and President positions on January 31, 2014, and he resigned
 as a director on April 15, 2014. 
 
 (7) 
 Mohd Suhaimi has been the CFO, Treasurer
 and Secretary from June 8, 2012 to present. 
 
 (8) 
 Mohd Khairudin was appointed as Director
 on March 9, 2012 and resigned as Director on January 31, 2014. 
 
 (9) 
 Norlizah Binti Zainal was appointed as
 CTO and Director on June 8, 2012 and she resigned from both positions on January 31, 2014. 

Employment
 Agreements 
 
 In
 2014 and 2013, all the directors did not receive any salaries and did not have any employment contracts with the Group
 other than the directors indicated below. 
 
 Megat
 Radzman Megat Khairuddin, Noor Azlan Khamis and Azrinaz Mazhar Hakim Mazhar received monthly pay per their employment. 

-
35 - 

ITEM
 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following
 table sets forth information regarding shares of our common stock beneficially owned as of December 31, 2014 by: (i) each
 of our officers and directors; (ii) all officers and directors as a group; and (iii) each person known by us to beneficially
 own five percent or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock. 

Name/Address (1) 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Options 
 Exercisable 
 Within 
 60
 Days 
 Common
 Stock 
 Purchase 
 Warrants/ 
 Convertible
 Note 
 Exercisable 
 Within
 60 Days 
 Total
 Stock 
 and
 Stock 
 Based 
 Holdings
 (1) 
 
 Ownership
 (2) 

--------------------------- 
 ------------------ 
 ----------------- 
 -------------------- 
 ------------------ 
 ----------------- 

Khamis,
 Noor Azlan (3) (5) (9) (10) 
 No.
 30, Jalan Damai Perdana 9/2H, Bandar Damai Perdana, Cheras, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 3,810,480,659 
 - 
 - 
 3,810,480,659 
 33.70 

Megat
 Radzman Megat Khairuddin (1)(3)(6)(9) (10) 
 2,573,653,772 
 -
 
 - 
 2,573,653,772 
 22.76 

Andrew
 Hwan, Lee (3) (10) (11) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Hakim
 Mazhar, Azrinaz Mazhar (3)(9)(10) 
 No.30
 Jalan Damai Perdana 9/2H, 
 Bandar
 Damai, 
 Perdana,
 Kuala Lumpur, 56000, Malaysia 
 550,000,000 
 - 
 - 
 550,000,000 
 4.86 

Chiat
 Kwong Ching (3)(10) (11) 
 103,
 Sophia Road, Suites@Sophia, Singapore 
 2,709,475,233 
 - 
 - 
 2,709,475,233 
 23.96 

Rozali,
 Mohd Suhaimi (4) 
 Lot
 2158, Jalan Hassan, Kg Sungai Udang, 41250 Klang, Selangor, Malaysia 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

All
 officers and directors as a group 
 (6
 persons) 
 9,643,609,664 
 - 
 - 
 9,643,609,664 
 85.28 

Clixster
 Sdn Bhd (1)(7)(8)(10) 
 6,184,134,431 
 - 
 - 
 6,184,134,431 
 54.69 

Nik
 Nurwanis Nik Ahmad Azman (7)(10) 
 No.
 30, Jalan Damai Perdana 9/2H, Bandar Damai Perdana, Cheras, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 3,710,480,659 
 - 
 - 
 3,710,480,659 
 33.00 

Tengku Ayufeira
 Tg. A.A. Hood (1)(8)(10) 
 2,473,653,772 
 - 
 - 
 2,473,653,772 
 22.76 

New China
 Electronics Limited (1) (10) 
 6,430,134,431 
 - 
 - 
 6,430,134,431 
 56.87 

Notes: 
 
 (1) 
 Except
 as otherwise indicated, based on information furnished by the owners, we believe that the beneficial owners listed above have
 sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to
 community property laws where applicable and to the information contained in the footnotes to this table. Beneficial ownership
 is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
 Unless otherwise indicated, the address of the beneficial owner is c/o Median Group Inc. at Level 7, Tower 7, Avenue 5, the
 Horizon Bangsar South, No. 8 Jalan Kerinchi, 59200, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 
 
 (2) 
 For
 purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding Common Stocks held by each person or group of persons named above, any
 shares that such person or group has the right to acquire within 60 days are deemed outstanding but are not deemed to be outstanding
 for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person or group. As of the date of the table above, there
 were 11,307,232,960 outstanding shares of our common stock and there was no options, warrants, and convertible notes outstanding
 entitling the holders to purchase any shares of our Common Stock owned by officers and/or directors of the Company. 
 
 (3) 
 A
 director of Company as at December 31, 2014. 
 
 (4) 
 An
 officer of Company as at December 31, 2014. 
 
 (5) 
 Noor
 Azlan Khamis holds directly 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock and indirectly 3,810,480,659 shares of Common Stock through
 his spouse, Nik Nurwanis Nik Ahmad Azman, 60 holding in Clixster Sdn Bhd CSB ). CSB owns 6,384,131,431
 shares of Common Stock. 
 
 (6) 
 Megat
 Radzman Megat Khairuddin holds directly 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock and indirectly 2,573,653,772 shares of Common Stock
 through his spouse, Tengku Ayufeira Tg. A.A. Hood, 40 holding in CSB. 
 
 (7) 
 Nik
 Nurwanis Nik Ahmad Azman, the spouse of our Director Noor Azlan Khamis, holds 60 interests in CSB. 
 
 (8) 
 Tengku
 Ayufeira Tg. A.A. Hood, the spouse of our Director Megat Radzman Megat Khairuddin, holds 40 interests in CSB 
 
 (9) 
 Resigned
 as a director in 2014 
 
 (10) 
 In
 September 2015, New China Electronics Limited New China a company wholly owned by Ching Chiat Kwong purchased
 6,384,134,431 shares of Common Stock from CSB, 550,000,000 shares of Common Stock from Azrinaz Mazhar Hakim, 100,000,000 shares
 of Common Stock each from Noor Azlan Khamis and Megat Radzman Megat Khairuddin. After the purchase, (i) CSB, Azrinaz
 Mazhar Hakim, Noor Azlan Khamis and Megat Radzman Megat Khairuddin all held no shares of Common Stock and (ii) New China and
 Ching Chiat Kwong held 7,130,134,431 and 2,513,475,233 shares of Common Stock, respectively. On January 8, 2016, New
 China sold 350,000,000 shares of Common Stock each to our Directors Andrew Hwan Lee and Ahmad Shukri Bin Abdul Ghani. As
 at date of this report, New China held 6,430,134,431 and Ching Chiat Kwong held 2,513,475,233 for a combined holding of 8,943,609,664
 shares or about 79.10 of Common Stock. 
 
 (11) 
 As
 of the date of this report, our board of directors and officer consist of our directors Andrew Hwan Lee, Ching Chiat Kwong,
 Abdul Fattah Abdullah, and Ahmad Shukri Abdul Ghani and our officer Mohd Suhaimi Rozali. On this date, Andrew Hwan Lee held
 a total of 592,000,000 shares or about 5.24 of Common Stock, Ahmad Shukri Bin Abdul Ghani held a total of 500,000,000 shares
 or about 4.42 of the Common Stock, Ching Chiat Kwong held a total interests of 8,943,609,664 shares or about 79.10 of Common
 Stock (note 10 above), and Abdul Fattah Abdullah and Mohd Suhaimi Rozali each held no shares of Common Stock. Combined,
 the board of directors at the date of this report, held a total of 10,035,609,664 shares or about 88.75 of Common Stock. 

-
36 - 

Changes
 in Control 
 
 As
 announced in the Form 8K on October 30, 2013, the Company on October 29, 2013 entered into a conditional agreement to
 acquire 63.2 equity interests in Clixster Mobile for the purchase consideration of the issuance of 10,193,609,664 Common
 Stock representing approximately 90 of the enlarged issued share capital of the Company. This transaction closed on January
 31, 2014 and the Vendors became the new controlling shareholder of the Company. In September 2015, New China Electronic
 Limited, a company owned and controlled by Mr. Ching Chiat Kwong, acquired 7,130,134,431 shares of Common Stock to become
 the controlling shareholder. Except for the transaction noted above, we are unaware of any contract, or other arrangement
 or provisions, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of the Company. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
 AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Other than disclosed below or under
 the caption entitled Executive Compensation and Other Matters , since the beginning of the Company's last fiscal
 year, the Company was not a participant in any transaction in which a director, officer or stockholder of the Company, or
 any family member of any such person, had a direct or indirect material interest where the amount involved exceeded 120,000. 

Section
 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Section
 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors and persons who beneficially
 own more than 10 of our Common Stock to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership and reports of changes
 in beneficial ownership. Such persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms
 they file. 
 
 Based
 solely on our review of such statements and reports furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting
 persons, we believe that our executive officers, directors and greater-than-10 stockholders were complied with the beneficial
 ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(a). 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

AUDIT
 FEES. The aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 for professional services rendered
 by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included
 in our Form 10-K or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings
 or engagements as well as registration statement filings for those fiscal years were 20,000 and 20,000 respectively. 

AUDIT-RELATED
 FEES. There aggregate fees billed for services reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the financial
 statements outside of those fees disclosed above under Audit Fees for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were 6,000 and
 6,000 respectively. 

TAX
 FEES. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, our principal accountants did not render any services
 for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning work. 

ALL OTHER FEES.
 None 

PRE-APPROVAL
 POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. Prior to engaging its accountants to perform a particular service, our board of directors obtains
 an estimate for the service to be performed. All of the services described above were approved by the board of directors in
 accordance with its procedures. 

-
37 - 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15. EXIBITS, FINANCIAL
 STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Index to Financial
 Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
 Income 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
 Deficits 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

-
38 - 

(c) Exhibits. 

2.1 
 Shareholders 
 Agreement between Good World Investments Limited, Advance Tech Communications Sdn. Bhd. And ATC Marketing Limited (7) 
 
 2.2 
 Sale and Purchase
 Agreement entered by Good World Investments Limited to acquire 5 equity interest in Advance Tech Communications Sdn. Bhd.
 (8) 
 
 2.3 
 Sale and Purchase
 Agreement between Good World Investments Limited and ECE Technologies Sdn. Bhd. (9) 
 
 2.4 
 Sale and Purchase
 Agreement between the Company and Samata Ventures Sdn Bhd and Clixster Sdn Bhd. (10) 
 
 2.5 
 Sale and Purchase
 Agreement between the Company and KR Global Ventures Sdn Bhd. (11) 
 
 2.6 
 Sale and Purchase
 Agreement between the Company and Mohamad Puzi Bin Khalid, and the brand licensing agreement between the Company and Mohamad
 Puzi Bin Khalid (12) 
 
 3.1 
 Articles of
 Incorporation (1) 
 
 3.1.1 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (2) 
 
 3.1.2 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, as amended. (3) 
 
 3.1.3 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, as amended. (4) 
 
 3.1.4 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, as amended. (5) 
 
 3.2 
 Bylaws (1) 
 
 10.1 
 2007 Stock Incentive
 Plan (4) 
 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

1. 
 Incorporated by reference to our Registration
 Statement on Form SB-2 as filed with the SEC on April 15, 2003. 
 
 2. 
 Incorporated by reference to our Current
 Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on February 3, 2005. 
 
 3. 
 Incorporated by reference to our Registration
 Statement on Form SB-2 as filed with the SEC on September 26, 2005. 
 
 4. 
 Incorporated by reference to our Registration
 Statement on Form S8 as filed with the SEC on March 8, 2007. 
 
 5. 
 Incorporated by reference to our Current
 Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014. 
 
 6. 
 Incorporated by reference to our Current
 Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on October 12, 2015. 
 
 7. 
 Incorporated by reference to our Current
 Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on May 26, 2009. 
 
 8. 
 Incorporated by reference to our Current
 Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on February 22, 2011. 
 
 9. 
 Incorporated by reference to our Current
 Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on March 16, 2012. 
 
 10. 
 Incorporated by reference to our Current
 Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on February 6, 2014. 
 
 11. 
 Incorporated by reference to our Current
 Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on January 16, 2014. 
 
 12 
 Incorporated by reference to our Current
 Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on December 16, 2015 

Filed herewith. 

-
39 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 34, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
 the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Median Group Inc. 

a Texas corporation 

/s/ Andrew Hwan Lee 

--------------------------------------- 

Andrew Hwan Lee 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

/s/ Mohd Suhaimi bin Rozali 

--------------------------------------- 

Mohd Suhaimi bin Rozali 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

In accordance with the
 Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
 and on the dates indicated. 

By: 
 /s/ Dato Haji Abdul
 Fattah Abdullah 
 March 23, 2016 

----------------------------------------------------- 

Dato Haji Abdul Fattah Abdullah 

Its: 
 Director 

By: 
 /s/ Andrew Hwan Lee 
 March 23, 2016 

----------------------------------------------------- 

Andrew Hwan Lee 

Its: 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Director 

By: 
 /s/ Ahmad Shukri Abdul
 Ghani 
 March 23, 2016 

----------------------------------------------------- 

Ahmad Shukri Abdul Ghani 

Its: 
 Director 

By: 
 /s/ Ching Chiat Kwong 
 March 23, 2016 

----------------------------------------------------- 

Ching Chiat Kwong 

Its: 
 Director 

By: 
 /s/ Mohd. Suhaimi bin Rozali 
 March 23, 2016 

----------------------------------------------------- 

Mohd Suhaimi bin Rozali 

Its: 
 Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary, Treasurer 

-
40 - 

Median Group Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2014
 and 2013 

Table of Contents 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 to F-18 

F-1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 
 Median Group Inc. (formerly Clixster Mobile Group Inc. and China
 Media Group Corporation) and its subsidiaries 

We have audited the accompanying
 consolidated balance sheets of Median Group Inc. (formerly Clixster Mobile Group Inc. and China Media Group Corporation) and
 its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 (restated), and the related consolidated statements
 of operations, stockholders' deficits and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 (restated). These financial
 statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
 statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
 that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
 misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
 reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
 that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
 internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
 used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We
 believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated
 financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Median
 Group Inc. (formerly Clixster Mobile Group Inc. and China Media Group Corporation) and its subsidiaries as of December 31,
 2014 and 2013 (restated), and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013
 (restated), in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying consolidated
 financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2
 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred substantial losses this year, all of which raise substantial
 doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
 in Note 2. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
 uncertainty. 

/s/ HKCMCPA Company Limited 
 
 CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 

Hong Kong, China 
 
 March 23, 2016 

15th
 Floor, Aubin House, 171-172 Gloucester Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong 

Tel: (852) 2573
 2296 Fax: (852) 3015 3860 
 
 http://www.hkcmcpa.us 

F-2 

MEDIAN GROUP INC 
 
 (Formerly
 Clixster Mobile Group Inc.) 
 
 (Formerly China Media Group Corporation) 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
 SHEETS 
 
 AS OF DECEMBER 31,
 2014 AND DECEMBER 31, 2013 (Restated) 

December
 31 
 2014 
 
 December
 31 
 2013 

Notes 

(Restated) 

US 
 
 US 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Prepayments and deposits 

4,538 
 
 - 
 
 Assets of operations held for sale 
 6 
 
 7,389,418 
 
 9,834,050 

7,393,956 
 
 9,834,050 

Total current assets 

7,393,956 
 
 9,834,050 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICITS 

Current liabilities: 

Other payables and accruals 
 7 
 
 639,248 
 
 924,243 
 
 Amounts due to related parties 
 8 
 
 146,667 
 
 - 
 
 Liabilities of operations held for
 sale 
 6 
 
 12,289,736 
 
 11,542,902 
 
 Total current liabilities 

13,075,651 
 
 12,467,145 

Long-term debts: 

Shareholder loan 
 9 
 
 2,000,000 
 
 2,000,000 
 
 Total non-current liabilities 

2,000,000 
 
 2,000,000 

Total liabilities 

15,075,651 
 
 14,467,145 

Commitments and contingencies 
 12 

Stockholders ' deficits: 

Common stock,
 no par value, 85,000,000,000 shares authorized, 11,307,232,960 (2013: 1,113,623,296) shares issued and outstanding 
 4 
 
 2,775,230 
 
 2,775,230 
 
 Accumulated deficits 

(9,140,232) 
 
 (7,153,255) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 

414,748 
 
 238,554 
 
 Total Median Group Inc. stockholders'
 deficits 

(5,950,254) 
 
 (4,139,471) 
 
 Non-controlling interest 

(1,731,441) 
 
 (493,624) 
 
 Total stockholders deficits 

(7,681,695) 
 
 (4,633,095) 

Total liabilities and stockholders 
 deficits 

7,393,956 
 
 9,834,050 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F-3 

MEDIAN GROUP INC 
 
 (Formerly Clixster Mobile Group Inc.) 
 
 (Formerly China Media Group Corporation) 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013 (Restated) 

2014 
 
 2013 

Notes 
 
 US 
 
 US 

(Restated) 
 
 Net revenue 

4,216 
 
 - 
 
 Cost of revenue 

- 
 
 - 

Gross profit 

4,216 
 
 - 

Operating expenses: 

Administration expenses 

(135,383) 
 
 (95,847) 
 
 Selling and distribution expenses 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

(135,383) 
 
 (95,847) 

Operating loss from continuing operations 

(131,167) 
 
 (95,847) 

Other income / (expenses) 

Other income 

400,050 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on disposal
 of subsidiaries 

420,362 
 
 - 
 
 Write off of
 option liability 

- 
 
 236,504 
 
 Interest expenses 

(146,667) 
 
 (163,101) 

Income/(loss) from continuing
 operations 

542,578 
 
 (22,444) 

Discontinued operations, net of
 tax 
 6 
 
 (4,002,463) 
 
 (1,741,741) 

Net loss 

(3,459,885) 
 
 (1,764,185) 

Less: Net (loss)/income attributable
 to non-controlling interests 

(1,472,908) 
 
 619,678 

Net loss attributable to Median
 Group Inc. 

(1,986,977) 
 
 (1,144,507) 

Net
 loss per share attributable to Median Group Inc. shareholders Basic and diluted 

Continuing operations 

(0.00) 
 
 (0.00) 
 
 Discontinued
 operations 

(0.00) 
 
 (0.00) 

(0.00) 
 
 (0.00) 

Basic and diluted weighted average
 number of common shares 

10,441,474,331 
 
 1,113,623,296 

Weighted average number
 of shares used to compute basic and diluted loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 are the same since
 the effect of dilutive securities are anti-dilutive. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-4 

MEDIAN GROUP INC 
 
 (Formerly Clixster Mobile Group Inc.) 
 
 (Formerly China Media Group Corporation) 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
 LOSS 
 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014
 AND 2013 (Restated) 
 
 (UNAUDITED) 

2014 
 
 2013 

Notes 
 
 US 
 
 US 

(Restated) 
 
 Net loss 

(3,459,885) 
 
 (1,764,185) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net
 of tax 

Foreign
 currency translation gain 

409,041 
 
 67,217 
 
 Release of exchange
 reserve arising from disposal of subsidiaries 

(82,615) 
 
 - 
 
 Total comprehensive loss 

(3,133,459) 
 
 (1,696,968) 
 
 Less: Net (loss) income
 attributable to non-controlling interests 

(1,472,908) 
 
 619,678 
 
 Less:
 Other comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests - foreign currency translation gain 

150,232 
 
 12,946 
 
 Total comprehensive loss attributable
 to Median Group Inc. 

(1,810,783) 
 
 (2,329,592)

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-5 

MEDIAN
 GROUP INC 
 
 (Formerly Clixster Mobile Group Inc.) 
 
 (Formerly China Media Group Corporation) 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS'
 EQUITY 
 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013 (Restated) 

Number
 of Shares 
 
 Common
 Stock Amount 
 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss) 
 
 Accumulated
 Deficits 
 
 Non-controlling
 Interest 
 
 Total
 Stockholders' Equity 

US 
 
 US 
 
 US 
 
 US 
 
 US 

Balance
 at January 1, 2013 (Restated) 
 10,193,609,664 
 
 181,740 
 
 (6) 
 
 (367) 
 
 126,304 
 
 307,671 

Issuance
 of shares for acquisition of legal acquirer 
 1,113,623,296 
 
 2,580,543 
 
 203,382 
 
 (6,110,891) 
 
 (36) 
 
 (3,327,002) 

Other
 comprehensive income: 

Foreign
 currency translation loss 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 35,178 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 35,178 

Net
 loss for the year 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (1,041,996) 
 
 (606,946) 
 
 (1,648,942) 

Balance
 at December 31, 2013 (Restated) 
 11,307,232,960 
 
 2,775,230 
 
 238,554 
 
 (7,153,255) 
 
 (493,624) 
 
 (4,633,095) 

Other
 comprehensive income: 

Foreign
 currency translation loss 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 258,809 
 
 - 
 
 150,232 
 
 409,041 
 
 Release
 of exchange reserves arising from disposal of subsidiaries 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (82,615) 
 
 - 
 
 84,859 
 
 2,244 

- 
 
 - 
 
 176,194 
 
 - 
 
 235,091 
 
 411,285 
 
 Net
 loss for the year 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 (1,986,977) 
 
 (1,472,908) 
 
 (3,459,885) 
 
 Total
 comprehensive loss for the year 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 176,194 
 
 (1,986,977) 
 
 (1,237,817) 
 
 (3,048,600) 

Balance
 at December 31, 2014 
 11,307,232,960 
 
 2,775,230 
 
 414,748 
 
 (9,140,232) 
 
 (1,731,441) 
 
 (7,681,695) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-6 

MEDIAN GROUP INC 
 
 (Formerly Clixster Mobile Group Inc.) 
 
 (Formerly China Media Group Corporation) 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASHFLOWS 
 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
 2014 AND 2013 (Restated) 

2014 
 
 2013 

US 
 
 US 

(Restated) 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

(3,459,885) 
 
 (1,764,185) 
 
 Changes in asset and liabilities 

Increase in assets: 

Prepayments and deposits 

(4,538) 
 
 - 
 
 Increase in liabilities: 

Asset of operations held for sale 
 net liabilities 

3,191,466 
 
 1,743,682 
 
 Other payables and accruals 

(284,995) 
 
 224,968 
 
 Option liabilities 

- 
 
 (236,504) 
 
 Amounts due to related parties 

146,667 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

(411,285) 
 
 (32,039) 

Cash flows from investing activities 

- 
 
 - 

Cash flows from financing activities : 

- 
 
 - 

Effect of exchange rate in comprehensive income 

411,285 
 
 32,039 
 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents - net, beginning 

- 
 
 - 

Cash and cash equivalents - net, ending 

- 
 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interests paid 

- 
 
 - 

Income tax paid 

- 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-7 

MEDIAN
 GROUP INC 
 (Formerly
 Clixster Mobile Group Inc. and China Media Group Corporation) 
 
 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013 (Restated) 

NOTE 1 
 ORGANIZATION 

Median
 Group Inc. (formerly known as Clixster Mobile Group Inc. with effect from April 3, 2014
 to October 7, 2015 and prior to this period known as China Media Group Corporation) (the
 Company is a Texas corporation, incorporated on October 1, 2002. 
 
 In
 January 2006, the Company established a wholly owned subsidiary Ren Ren Media Group Limited, a company incorporated in
 Hong Kong, as its operating company in Hong Kong. In March 2007, the Company acquired all the outstanding shares of Good
 World Investments Limited, a British Virgin Islands corporation that holds 50 of Beijing Ren Ren Health Culture Promotion
 Limited, a company incorporated in China in the advertising and media business in China. 
 
 In
 May 2009, the Group established a 50/50 joint venture company, ATC Marketing Limited, which is to be in the business of
 marketing and distributing of convergent multimedia communication and internet devices. 
 
 In
 June 2012, the Company acquired 100 equity interests of A-Team Resources Sdn. Bhd. A-Team ), a distributor
 of electronics and light appliances, at a consideration price of 2,011,607 by the issuance of 558,779,837 shares, at
 a price of 0.0036 per share. 
 
 The
 Group is engaged in the distribution of electronics and light appliances and the marketing and distribution of convergent
 devices and the consultancy of resources management. During the period, the Group derived its revenue from consultancy
 services and in the distribution of electronic products. 
 
 On
 January 15, 2014, the Company sold its subsidiaries namely Ren Ren Media Group Limited, A-Team Resources Sdn Bhd, Good
 World Investments Limited and Beijing Ren Ren Health Culture Promotion Limited (the Disposed Subsidiaries containing its light appliances distribution business and advertising business in China. 
 
 On
 January 31, 2014, the Group closed the transaction to acquire 63.2 of Clixster Mobile Sdn. Bhd. CMSB ),
 a company incorporated in Malaysia by the issuance of 10,193,609,664 in the Company at a price of at a price of 0.025
 per share. CMSB is a mobile virtual network provider and principally engaged in providing cellular and mobile broadband
 services in Malaysia. CMSB was treated as the acquirer for accounting purpose since the original stockholders of CMSB
 owned a majority (85 of the shares of the Company s common stock immediately following the completion of the transaction.
 CMSB was the legal acquiree but deemed to be the accounting acquirer. The Company was the legal acquirer but deemed to
 be the accounting acquiree in the reverse merger. The historical financial statements prior to the acquisition are those
 of the accounting acquirer (CMSB). Historical stockholders equity of the acquirer prior to the merger are retroactively
 restated (a recapitalization) for the equivalent number of shares received in the merger. Operations prior to the merger
 are those of the acquirer. After completion of the transaction, the Company s consolidated financial statements
 include the assets and liabilities, the operations and cash flow of the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Subsequent
 to the period end, on July 28, 2015, the Company disposed of its 63.2 of CMSB to refocus the business of the Group to
 sell post-paid rather than prepaid telecom services for the mobile network virtual operator MNVO operation,
 with a gain of approximately 5 million. Also, on December 11, 2015 the Company acquired shares in Naim Indah Mobile Communication
 Limited NIMC ), a company engaged in providing mobile communication services through MVNO platform. NIMC
 has an exclusive agreement with MyAngkasa Holdings Sdn. Bhd. for the provision of telecom services to Angkasa members.
 Further details can be found in Note 13 of the financial statements enclosed herein this report. The Company intends to
 focus on post-paid customers in working with Angkasa. 

NOTE 2 
 UNCERTAINTY OF ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING
 CONCERN 

The
 Company's consolidated financial statements are prepared using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to
 a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.
 As of December 31, 2014, the Company has an accumulated deficits totaling 9,140,232 and its current liabilities exceed its
 current assets by 5,681,695. In view of the matters described above, recoverability of a major portion of the recorded asset
 amounts shown in the accompanying balance sheets is dependent upon continued operations of the Company, which in turn is dependent
 upon the Company's ability to raise additional capital, obtain financing and to succeed in its future operations. The financial
 statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts
 and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Management
 has taken steps to revise its operating and financial requirements, which it believes are sufficient to provide the Company
 with the ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is actively pursuing additional funding and potential merger
 or acquisition candidates and strategic partners, which would enhance stockholders' investment. Management believes that the
 above actions will allow the Company to continue operations through the next fiscal year. 

F-8 

MEDIAN
 GROUP INC 
 (Formerly
 Clixster Mobile Group Inc. and China Media Group Corporation) 
 
 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013 (Restated) 

NOTE 3 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
 ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis of Presentation 

Median Group Inc. (fka
 Clixster Mobile Group Inc. and China Media Group Corporation) MGI or the Registrant ), a public traded
 and holding company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Texas in October 2002. 

All references that refer
 to (the Company or MGI or we or us or our are to MGI, and its
 wholly or majority owned subsidiaries unless otherwise differentiated. The Company was engaged in the business
 of distributing telecom services and consultancy services. 

These accompanying consolidated
 financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States US
 GAAP ), and are expressed in U.S. dollars. The Company's fiscal year end is December 31. 

At the date of this report,
 the Company filed Form 8-K to effect a reverse merger between the Company and CMSB at January 31, 2014. The Company s
 consolidated financial statements include the assets and liabilities, the operations and cash flows of CMSB before the transaction
 and the Company and its subsidiaries after the transaction. 

Subsequent to the reporting
 period, on July 28, 2015 and August 3, 2015 we completed the sale of our pre-paid telecom operation and the electronics trading
 operation (the Disposed Business (Note 14(a)). As a result in this year, we reported the operating
 results of the Disposed Business as Discontinued Operations Net of Tax in the consolidated statement of income in
 all periods presented. In addition, the assets and liabilities associated with these businesses are reported as
 Asset of Operations Held for Sale and Liabilities of Operations Held For Sale in the consolidation balance sheets (refer to
 Note 6). 

Principles of Consolidation 

The
 consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2014 include the financial statements
 of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary Qultec Sdn. Bhd. (formerly known as CMG Resources Sdn.
 Bhd.), its 50 equity interest subsidiary ATC Marketing Limited ATC and its 63.2 
 equity interest subsidiary Clixster Mobile Sdn. Bhd. CMSB ). The Company consolidated
 the 50 subsidiary ATC during the period as it controls the board of director of this ATC. Subsequent
 to the period of this report, in July and August 2015, the Company disposed its subsidiary companies
 namely its 63.2 subsidiary in CMSB and its 50 subsidiary ATC (collectively the Disposed Companies ).
 Accordingly the operating results of the Disposed Companies are disclosed as Discontinued Operations
 - Net of Tax in the consolidated statement of operation for all period presented. In addition, the
 assets and liabilities of these Disposed Companies are reported as Assets of Operations Held for Sale
 and Liabilities of Operations Held for Sale, as appropriate, in the consolidated balance sheet. 

The results of subsidiaries acquired
 or sold during the year are consolidated from their effective dates of acquisition or through their effective dates of disposition,
 respectively. 

All significant inter-company
 transactions and balances have been eliminated on consolidation. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated
 financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
 assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the years presented. Actual
 results could differ from those estimates. 

Net Income (Loss) per Share 

Basic earnings per share
 were computed by dividing net loss or net profit by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
 the year. Diluted loss and profit per common share for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively are not presented
 as it would be anti-dilutive. 

F-9 

MEDIAN
 GROUP INC 
 (Formerly
 Clixster Mobile Group Inc. and China Media Group Corporation) 
 
 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013 (Restated) 

NOTE 3 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
 ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures 

ASC 820 Fair
 Value Measurements and Disclosures applies to all entities, transactions, and instruments that require or permit
 fair value measurements, with specific exceptions and qualifications. The Company is required to disclose estimated fair values
 of financial instruments. Unless otherwise indicated, the fair values of all reported assets and liabilities, which represent
 financial instruments, none of which are held for trading purposes, approximate are carrying values of such amounts. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents
 are carried at cost and represent cash on hand, demand deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions and all
 highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less as of the purchase date of such investments. 

Trade Receivables 

Accounts receivable are
 recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. The Company extends unsecured credit to its customers in the ordinary
 course of business but mitigates the associated risks by performing credit checks and actively pursuing past due accounts.
 An allowance for doubtful accounts is established and determined based on managements assessment of known requirements,
 aging of receivables, payment history, the customer s current credit worthiness and the economic environment. The Company
 recorded no (2013: Nil) allowance for doubtful accounts for the years presented. 

Income Taxes 

The
 Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740 Income Taxes . Under the asset and liability method of ASC
 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between
 the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred
 tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which
 those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740, the effect on deferred tax assets
 and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the enactment occurs. A valuation allowance
 is provided for certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets
 through future operations. 
 
 ASC
 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how companies should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in their financial
 statements uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially
 be recognized in the financial statements when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination
 by the tax authorities. Such tax positions must initially and subsequently be measured as the largest amount of tax benefit
 that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full
 knowledge of the position and relevant facts. 

(a) 
 Current Tax 

Current
 tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid
 to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those
 that are enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date. 
 
 Current
 taxes are recognized in the statement of income except to the extent that the tax relates to items recognized outside
 the statement of income, either in other income or directly in equity. 

(b) 
 Deferred Tax 

Deferred
 tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to
 differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
 and their respective tax basis and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred
 tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
 income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or
 settled. 
 
 The
 effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes
 the enactment date. The Company records a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets if, based upon the available evidence,
 it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

F-10 

MEDIAN
 GROUP INC 
 (Formerly
 Clixster Mobile Group Inc. and China Media Group Corporation) 
 
 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013 (Restated) 

NOTE 3 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
 ACCOUNTING POLICIES REALIZATION OF ASSETS (Continued) 

Contingent Liabilities 

A
 contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will
 only be confirmed by the occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control
 of the Company. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognized
 because it is not probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of
 obligation cannot be measured reliably. 
 
 The
 Company has acted as guarantor for bank loans granted to certain local authorities and certain business associates. The
 Company assessed its obligation under this guarantee pursuant to the provision of ASC 460 Guarantee . 

Stock-Based Compensation 

ASC 718 Compensation
 Stock Compensation prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all stock-based payments award to employees,
 including employee stock options, restricted stock, employee stock purchase plans and stock appreciation rights. , may be
 classified as either equity or liabilities. The Company should determine if a present obligation to settle the share-based
 payment transaction in cash or other assets exists. A present obligation to settle in cash or other assets exists if: a the option to settle by issuing equity instruments lacks commercial substance or b the present obligation is implied
 because of an entity s past practices or stated policies. If a present obligation exists, the transaction should be
 recognized as a liability; otherwise, the transaction should be recognized as equity. 

The Company accounts for
 stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50 Equity
 Based Payments to Non-Employees . Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees shall be
 based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: a the goods or services received; or b the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction should be determined at the earlier of
 performance commitment date or performance completion date. 

Employees' Pension Obligations 

Contributions
 to retirement schemes (which are defined contribution plans) are charged to general and administrative
 expenses in the statements of operation and comprehensive income as and when the related employee
 service is provided. 
 
 The
 Company is required to make contribution under a defined contribution pension scheme for all of its eligible employees
 in Malaysia and Hong Kong. The Company is required to contribute a specified percentage of the participants relevant
 income based on their ages and wages level. 

Revenue 

The Company recognizes
 its revenue in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commissions SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104,
 Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements SAB 104 ). Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence
 of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably
 assured. The recognition of revenues involves certain management judgments. The amount and timing of our revenues could be
 materially different for any period if management made different judgments or utilized different estimates. 

Revenue is measured at
 the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of discounts and taxes applicable to the revenue. 

Prepaid telecom revenues
 are collected by its distributors and/or resellers through the sale of Clixster prepaid or reload cards, which
 are sold in a form of SIM/reload cards to its final customers through its distributors and/or resellers. The sale of Sim,
 prepaid or reload cards is recognized as revenue when the products are delivered to its distributors and/or resellers, based
 upon their request. Prepaid cards will expire two years after the date of card production if they have never been activated.
 The proceeds from the expired cards are recognized as revenue upon expiration of cards. 

Cost of revenue 

Cost of revenue consists
 primarily of cost of SIM and prepaid/reload cards, telecommunication services and traffic charges which are directly attributable
 to the delivery of telecom service upon the activation of prepaid and/or reload cards. 

Foreign Currency Translation 

The accounts of the Company's
 Hong Kong, China and Malaysia subsidiaries are maintained, in the local currencies of their respective countries namely Hong
 Kong dollars (HK), Chinese Renminbi (RMB) and Malaysia Riggnet (RM), respectively. Such financial statements are translated
 into U.S. Dollars (USD) in accordance with ASC 830 Foreign Currency Translation with the respective currency
 as the functional currency. According to the Statement, all assets and liabilities were translated at the exchange rate on
 the balance sheet date, stockholder's equity are translated at the historical rates and statement of operations items are
 translated at the weighted average exchange rate for the year. The resulting translation adjustments are reported under other
 comprehensive income in accordance with ASC 220 Comprehensive Income . As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, the
 accumulated comprehensive income was 414,748 and 238,554, respectively. 

F-11 

MEDIAN
 GROUP INC 
 (Formerly
 Clixster Mobile Group Inc. and China Media Group Corporation) 
 
 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013 (Restated) 

NOTE 3 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
 ACCOUNTING POLICIES REALIZATION OF ASSETS (Continued) 

Comprehensive Income 

ASC Topic 220, Comprehensive
 Income establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components and accumulated
 balances. Comprehensive income as defined includes all changes in equity during a period from non-owner sources. Accumulated
 comprehensive income, as presented in the accompanying statements of stockholders equity consists of changes in unrealized
 gains and losses on foreign currency translation. This comprehensive income is not included in the computation of income tax
 expense or benefit. 

Segment Reporting 

ASC Topic 280, Segment
 Reporting establishes standards for reporting information about operating segments on a basis consistent with the
 Company s internal organization structure as well as information about geographical areas, business segments and major
 customers in financial statements. The Company operates in one reportable operating segment in Malaysia during the years ended
 December 31, 2014 and 2013. 

Related Parties 

Parties, which can be
 a corporation or individual, are considered to be related if the Company has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control
 the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Companies
 are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence. 

Reclassifications 

Certain comparative amounts have been reclassified
 to conform to the current year s presentation. 

Recent Pronouncements 

Recently Implemented Standards 

The Company has reviewed
 all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such
 pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 

In February 2013, the
 FASB issued ASU No. 2013-02, Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 ASU 2013-02 ). This standard requires companies to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of
 accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition, companies are required to present, either on the face of
 the statement where net income is presented or in the accompanying notes, significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated
 other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income, but only if the amount reclassified is required to
 be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For amounts that are not required to be reclassified
 in their entirety to net income, companies are required to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional detail
 on those amounts. ASU 2013-02 is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2012. The adoption
 of this pronouncement will not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

F-12 

MEDIAN
 GROUP INC 
 (Formerly
 Clixster Mobile Group Inc. and China Media Group Corporation) 
 
 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013 (Restated) 

NOTE 4 
 STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Common Stock 

On
 January 31, 2014, the Company issued 10,093,609,664 shares of its common stock in consideration of the acquisition of 63.2 
 equity interests in Clixster Mobile Sdn. Bhd. (Note 1). 

As
 at December 31, 2014 and 2013 the Company had a total of 11,307,232,960 and 1,113,623,296 shares, respectively, of its common
 stock issued and outstanding. 

NOTE 5 
 STOCK OPTIONS 

Stock Options 

The
 Company adopts ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation and requires companies to measure and recognize
 the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value. 

2007 Stock Incentive
 Plan 

On February 19, 2007,
 the Company adopted the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2007 Plan allowing for the awarding of options to acquire
 shares of common stock. This plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to key employees, directors and consultants.
 Options issued under this plan will expire over a maximum term of ten years from the date of grant. 

On
 March 8, 2007, the Company registered 38,400,000 shares underlying stock options under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan with
 the SEC pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8. 

During
 the year 2007 to 2013, the Company had issued a total of 6,522,309 shares to its staff and consultants for their service provided. 

As
 at December 31, 2014, there were i) no outstanding stock options and ii) 31,877,691 shares available to be issued under the
 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. 

F-13 

MEDIAN
 GROUP INC 
 (Formerly
 Clixster Mobile Group Inc. and China Media Group Corporation) 
 
 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013 (Restated) 

NOTE 6 
 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
 HELD FOR SALE 

Subsequent to the period
 end, the Company sold its subsidiaries namely its 63.2 subsidiary Clixster Mobile Sdn. Bhd. on July 28, 2015 and its 50 
 subsidiary ATC Marketing Limited on August 3, 2015 (the Disposed Subsidiaries containing its MVNO business
 and electronics trading company (Note 14). As a result of the sale, the historical activities and balances of these operations
 are reported as discontinued operations held for sale in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for all periods
 presented. 

The following
table provides the components of Discontinued operations net of tax: 

Year ended December 31

2014 
 
 2013 

US 
 
 US 

Net revenue 

5,186,766 
 
 2,660,292 
 
 Less: sales discount 

(851,916) 
 
 (683,087) 
 
 Cost of revenue 

(4,136,723) 
 
 (1,439,211) 
 
 Gross profit 

198,127 
 
 537,994 
 
 Administrative expenses 

(3,285,725) 
 
 (2,181,255) 
 
 Selling and distribution expenses 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Loss from operations 

(3,087,598) 
 
 (1,643,261) 
 
 Other income / (expenses) 

Foreign exchange gain 

(583,712) 
 
 (93,779) 
 
 Bank charges 

- 
 
 (1,770) 
 
 Other income 

13,847 
 
 2,990 
 
 Interest expenses 

(345,000) 
 
 (5,921) 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations
 before taxation 

(4,002,463) 
 
 (1,741,741) 
 
 Taxation 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations 

(4,002,463) 
 
 (1,741,741) 

The
 following table provides the components of assets and liabilities of operations held for sale: 

December
 31 
 2014 
 
 December
 31 
 2013 

US 
 
 US 

Current
 assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

21,245 
 
 3,001,991 

Trade
 receivables 

445,959 
 
 986,768 

Prepayments, deposit and
 other receivables 

801,721 
 
 2,976,955 

Due
 from related parties 

5,764,813 
 
 2,461,997 

Inventories 

32,007 
 
 76,188 

Property
 and equipment, net 

313,673 
 
 330,151 

Intangible assets 

- 
 
 - 

Assets
 of operations held for sale 

7,389,418 
 
 9,834,050 

Bank overdraft 

- 
 
 41,358 

Trade
 payables 

1,214,890 
 
 735,245 

Other payables and accruals 

480,130 
 
 5,468,113 

Due
 to related parties 

1,555,907 
 
 670,409 

Short
 term debt 

- 
 
 271,590 

Trade
 finance payables 

- 
 
 79,816 

Taxation
 payables 

- 
 
 115,554 

Obligations
 under finance lease 

- 
 
 86,757 

Term loans non-current 

9,038,809 
 
 4,074,060 

Liabilities
 of operations held for sale 

12,289,736 
 
 11,542,902 

The
 net cash flows of our discontinued operations for each of the categories of operating,
 investing and financing activities are not significant for any years presented. 

F-14 

MEDIAN
 GROUP INC 
 (Formerly
 Clixster Mobile Group Inc. and China Media Group Corporation) 
 
 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013 (Restated) 

NOTE 7 
 OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS 

Other payables and accruals
 consist of the following: 

2014 

2013 

US 
 
 US 

Potential tax penalty liability 
 
 410,000 
 
 360,000 
 
 Other payables and accruals 
 
 229,248 
 
 564,243 

639,248 
 
 924,243 

NOTE 8 
 AMOUNTS DUE TO RELATED
 PARTIES 

2014 

2013 

US 
 
 US 

Amounts due to related parties: 

- Trade 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - Non-trade 
 
 146,667 
 
 - 

146,667 
 
 - 

The amounts due to related
 parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand. Imputed interest on these amounts is considered insignificant. 

NOTE 9 
 SHAREHOLDER LOAN 

2014 

2013 

US 
 
 US 

Shareholder loan 
 
 2,000,000 
 
 2,000,000 

This long term shareholder
 loan is due to Central High Limited, a major shareholder of the Company. This loan is unsecured and repayable on November
 25, 2015, and bears interest of 8 per annum. The accrued interest for the year ended December 31, 2014 was 146,667. 

F-15 

MEDIAN
 GROUP INC 
 (Formerly
 Clixster Mobile Group Inc. and China Media Group Corporation) 
 
 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013 (Restated) 

NOTE 10 
 RELATED COMPANY TRANSACTIONS 

For the year ended December
 31, 2014, the Company paid 161,965 (2013: Nil) to its directors and its officers remuneration for their services provided
 to the Company. 

For the year ended December
 31, 2014 the Company sold 1,222,967 (2013: Nil) telecom SIM/reload cards through two distributors that are owned and controlled
 by the directors of the Company. The terms of trade with these distributors are similar to the other third-party distributors
 of the Company. 

For the year ended December
 31, 2014 the Company purchased 3,334,313 (2013: Nil) of telecom services from a related company. The terms of trade was negotiated
 at arms-length. 

A Group company has 8,000,000
 promissory notes from a company that is beneficially owned by directors of the Company. The promissory note bears interest
 at a rate of 4.5 per annum, and 4,000,000 is payable in November 2018 and the remaining 4,000,000 is payable in February
 2019. During the year ended December 31, 2014 the Group company recorded 345,000 (2013: Nil) in interests expenses relating
 to these promissory notes. Subsequent to this fiscal year, on July 28, 2015, this Group company was disposed together with
 these these promissory notes and the Group was no longer liable for these promissory notes as a result. 

NOTE 11 
 INCOME TAXES 

No
 provision was made for income tax for the year ended December 31, 2014, since the Company and its
 subsidiaries had significant net operating loss. The Company made an income tax provision under Malaysian
 tax jurisdiction while Malaysian operation generates an operating profit. 
 
 For
 the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company and its subsidiaries incurred net operating results for tax purposes
 of approximately loss of 247,609 and a gain of 23,800, respectively. Total net operating losses carry forward as at
 December 31, 2014 and 2013, (i) for Federal and State purpose were 11,478,825 and 11,284,883, respectively and (ii)
 for its entities outside of the United States 16,620 and nil, respectively. The net operating loss carry-forwards may
 be used to reduce taxable income through the year 2025. The availability of the Company's net operating loss carry-forwards
 are subject to limitation if there is a 50 or more change in the ownership of the Company's stock. 

There was no significant
 difference between reportable income tax and statutory income tax. The gross deferred tax asset balance as at December 31,
 2014 and 2013 was approximately 4,913,524 and 4,826,860, respectively. A full valuation allowance has been established against
 the deferred tax assets, as the utilization of the loss carry-forwards cannot reasonably be assured. 

The Company is subject
 to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of multiple state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company has not concluded
 all U.S. federal income tax matters for the years through fiscal 2014, with remaining fiscal years subject to income tax examination
 by federal tax authorities. 

The Company s policy
 is to recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its income tax provision. The Company
 has not accrued or paid interest or penalties which were material to its results of operations for the years ended December
 31, 2014 and 2013. The Company has adopted ASC 740-10 Accounting for Income
 Taxes and recorded a liability for an uncertain income tax position, tax penalties and any imputed interest thereon.
 The amount, recorded as an obligation, is 410,000 at December 31, 2014 (2013: 360,000). 

A reconciliation between
 the income tax computed at the Malaysia and Hong Kong statutory rate and the Company s provision for income tax is as
 follows: 

2014 
 
 2013 

Malaysia statutory rate 
 
 25 
 
 25 
 
 Tax allowance 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Valuation allowance Loss carryforward
 under Malaysia rate 
 
 (25 
 
 (25 

Provision for income tax 
 
 - 
 
 - 

As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, there were
 no material deferred tax assets or liabilities to be recognized. 

F-16 

MEDIAN
 GROUP INC 
 (Formerly
 Clixster Mobile Group Inc. and China Media Group Corporation) 
 
 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013 (Restated) 

NOTE 12 
 CONCENTRATIONS OF RISK 

The Company is exposed
 to the following concentrations of risk: 

(a) 
 Major customers 

For the years ended December
 31, 2014 and 2013 the customer who accounted for 10 or more of the Company s revenues is presented as follows: 

2014 
 
 2014 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2013 
 
 2013 

Revenue 
 
 Percentage of
 Revenue 
 
 Trade accounts
 Receivable 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Percentage of
 Revenue 
 
 Trade accounts
 Receivable 

US 

US 
 
 US 

US 
 
 Customer A 
 4,216 
 
 100 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total: 
 4,216 
 
 100 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

(b) 
 Major vendors 

During the year, the Group
 was a provider of consulting services. In the opinion of the Board, it is therefore of no value to disclose details
 of the Group s vendors. 

(c) 
 Credit risk 

Financial instruments
 that are potentially subject to credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. The Company believes the concentration
 of credit risk in its trade receivables is substantially mitigated by its ongoing credit evaluation process and relatively
 short collection terms. The Company does not generally require collateral from customers. The Company evaluates the need for
 an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers, historical trends
 and other information. 

(d) 
 Exchange rate risk 

The reporting currency
 of the Company is US , to date the majority of the revenues and costs are denominated in MYR. As a result, the Company is
 exposed to foreign exchange risk as its revenues and results of operations may be affected by fluctuations in the exchange
 rate between US and MYR. If MYR depreciates against US , the value of MYR revenues and assets as expressed in US financial
 statements will decline. The Company does not hold any derivative or other financial instruments that expose to substantial
 market risk. 

(e) 
 Economic and political risks 

Substantially all of the
 Company s services are conducted in Malaysia. The Company s operations are subject to various political, economic,
 and other risks and uncertainties inherent in Malaysia. Among other risks, the Company s operations are subject to the
 risks of restrictions on transfer of funds; export duties, quotas, and embargoes; domestic and international customs and tariffs;
 changing taxation policies; foreign exchange restrictions; and political conditions and governmental regulations in Malaysia. 

(f) 
 Interest rate risks 

As the Company has no
 significant interest-bearing assets, the Company s income and operating cash flows are substantially independent of
 changes in market interest rates. 

The Company s interest-rate
 risk arises from shareholder loans. The Company manages interest rate risk by varying the issuance and maturity dates variable
 rate debt, limiting the amount of variable rate debt, and continually monitoring the effects of market changes in interest
 rates. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, shareholder loan was at fixed interest rate. 

F-17 

MEDIAN
 GROUP INC 
 (Formerly
 Clixster Mobile Group Inc. and China Media Group Corporation) 
 
 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Restated) 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013 

NOTE 13 
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

The Company s commitments
 and contingencies are set out below as follows:- 

(a) 
 The Company leases office
 premises for its operations in Malaysia under operating leases. As of December 31, 2014 the future minimum rental payments
 under non-cancelable operating leases in the next 12 months are 27,336. 

NOTE 14 
 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

The Group has evaluated
 all subsequent events through the date these consolidated financial statements were issued, and determined that, other than
 as disclosed below, there were no subsequent events or transactions that require recognition or disclosures in the financial
 statements. 

(a) 
 On
 August 3, 2015 the Company sold its 50 interests in ATC Marketing Limited ATC for
 a nominal cash consideration and it resulted in a nominal loss on the disposal of this subsidiary. 

(b) 
 As
 announced in a Form 8K on December 16, 2015 the Company finalized in a series of transactions
 the disposal of the rights to the Clixster brand name in the sale of its 63.2 subsidiary
 in Clixster Mobile Sdn Bhd CMSB to Zainal Abidin bin Zohdi Purchaser for a total cash consideration of 8,500 and the assumption of certain debts pursuant to
 a sale and purchase agreement SP Agreement and entered into a two year licensing
 agreement for the Clixster brand form the Purchaser for the China market for a fee of US 5,000
 to be paid at the commencement of the second year of the licensing agreement. The company
 and the Clixster brand sold were engaged in the distribution of prepaid mobile services under
 the MVNO platform. 

(c) 
 As
 announced in a Form 8K on December 16, 2015 on December 11, 2015 the Company agreed to acquire
 and hold a 51 interests in Naim Indah Mobile Communication Sdn. Bhd. NIMC ),
 a company engaged in providing mobile communication services through MVNO platform. NIMC
 has a registered capital of RM2,000,001 (or about US 480,000) of which the Company is required
 to pay RM1,000,001 (or about US 240,000) for its 51 interests. Our director Ahmad Shukri
 Abudl Ghani is a 30 shareholder of NIMC. 
 
 NIMC
 has an exclusive business partnership agreement Exclusive Agreement with MyAngkasa Holdings Sdn. Bhd.
 MyAngkasa ), a wholly owned company of the National Cooperative Malaysia Bhd and known as Angkatan Koperasi
 Kebangsaan Malaysia Berhad Angkasa ). MyAngkasa is the business development and sales/marketing entity of
 Angkasa which is the representative of 12,000 cooperatives with 7.4 million active members in Malaysia. MyAngkasa owns
 and operates a network of payment terminals that offer services and products to subscribers and customers for the purchase
 of prepaid top-ups, postpaid ticketing, online transaction services, registration, loyalty point programs and bill payment
 collections via internet banking, mobile banking, mobile payment and electronic data capture (EDC) terminals. Under this
 contract, both parties agree to implement the brand MyAngkasa mobile telecommunications program based on
 NIMC s Mobile Virtual Network Aggregator (MVNA) platform that includes the provision of mobile telecommunication
 services to co-operative and members of the co-operatives under Angkasa as registered Pre/Post-Paid subscribers of NIMC
 services. 
 
 The
 Exclusive Agreement has a fix term of 5 years ending in August 2020 and subject to renewal by mutual consent. Pursuant
 to this agreement, MyAngkasa agrees to use NIMC s services under the trade name of Median Mobile products
 to co-operatives and members of the co-operatives under Angkasa and to exclusively appoint NIMC as the official mobile
 telecommunication services based on MVNA platform to Angkasa members. MyAngkasa agrees to undertake to deliver certain
 number of subscribers for pre/post-paid services Targeted Subscribers for each year. In return, NIMC agrees
 to a profit share scheme whereby MyAngkasa will receive RM100,000 (or about US 24,000) for the first financial year of
 the contract, and for each financial year thereafter the higher of RM500,000 (or about USD120,000) and a set percentage
 of NIMC s net annual profit after tax, less any unapplied accumulative losses brought forward from previous years.
 If the Targeted Subscribers are not achieved for any each then the set percentage to be applied will be the pro-rate of
 the actual subscribers to the Targeted Subscribers for that year. 
 
 MyAngkasa
 is a shareholder of the Company holding 50 million shares or about 0.44 of the issued share capital of the Company. 

(d) 
 On September 27, 2015 the Board approved
 the change of company name from Clixster Mobile Group Inc. to Median Group Inc. and the name change was effected on October
 7, 2015. 

F-18 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex211-123114cmg.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

MEDIAN GROUP INC. 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries
of the Company 

Company 
 Place
 of Incorporation 
 Percentage
 held 

----------------- 
 --------------------------- 
 --------------------- 

1 
 Clixster Mobile
 Sdn. Bhd. 
 Malaysia 
 63.2 

2 
 Qultec Sdn. Bhd. 
 Malaysia 
 100 

3 
 ATC Marketing
 Ltd 
 Hong Kong 
 50 

</EX-21>

<EX-31>
 3
 ex311-123114cmg.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

MEDIAN GROUP INC. 

Exhibit
 31.1 

Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer of the Company 

I, Andrew Hwan
 Lee, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
 this annual report on Form 10-K of Median Group Inc.; 

2.
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
 necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
 with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
 all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
 periods presented in this report; 

4.
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
 including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
 during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
 preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
 based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
 the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
 has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
 reporting. 

5.
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
 to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
 financial reporting. 

/s/ Andrew Hwan Lee 
 
 ----------------------------- 
 
 Andrew Hwan Lee 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

March 23,
2016 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 ex312-123114cmg.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

MEDIAN GROUP INC. 

Exhibit
 31.2 

Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer of the Company 

I, Mohd Suhaimi
 bin Rozali, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
 this annual report on Form 10-K of Median Group Inc.; 

2.
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
 necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
 with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
 all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
 periods presented in this report; 

4.
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
 to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
 financial reporting. 

/s/ Mohd Suhaimi bin Rozali 
 
 ----------------------- 
 
 Mohd Suhaimi bin Rozali 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

March 23,
2016 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex321-123114cmg.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

MEDIAN GROUP INC. 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
 connection with the Annual Report of Median Group Inc. a Texas corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the
 year ended December 31, 2014, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
 Andrew Hwan Lee, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

A
 signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Median Group Inc., and will be retained
 by Median Group Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

/s/ Andrew Hwan Lee 
 
 ----------------------------- 
 
 Andrew Hwan Lee 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

March 23,
2016 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex322-123114cmg.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

MEDIAN GROUP INC. 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
 connection with the Annual Report of Median Group Inc a Texas corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year
 ended December 31, 2014, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
 Mohd Suhaimi bin Rozali, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
 of the Company. 

A
 signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Median Group Inc, and will be retained
 by Median Group Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

/s/ Mohd Suhaimi bin Rozali 
 
 -------------------------- 
 
 Mohd Suhaimi bin Rozali 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

March 23, 2016 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 chmd-20141231.xml
 XBRL

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 chmd-20141231.xsd
 XBRL

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 chmd-20141231_cal.xml
 XBRL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 chmd-20141231_def.xml
 XBRL

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 chmd-20141231_lab.xml
 XBRL

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 chmd-20141231_pre.xml
 XBRL

</EX-101.PRE>

