<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20170823_10-K_edgar_data_895419_0000895419-17-000055.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15585163</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>515433</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>757840</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8610181</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3272556</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1727928</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000895419-17-000055.hdr.sgml : 20170823
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20170823165631
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000895419-17-000055
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20170625
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170823
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170823

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CREE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000895419
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				561572719
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0627

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21154
		FILM NUMBER:		171047585

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4600 SILICON DR
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27703
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9194075300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4600 SILICON DR
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27703-8475

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CREE RESEARCH INC /NC/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940224

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000895419-17-000055.txt : 20170823

10-K
 1
 a06252017-10k.htm
 10-K

Document 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________ 
 FORM 10-K 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended June 25, 2017 

or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 

Commission file number 0-21154 
 __________________________________________ 
 CREE, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 North Carolina 
 
 56-1572719 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

4600 Silicon Drive 
 Durham, North Carolina 
 
 27703 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(919) 407-5300 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Common Stock, 0.00125 par value 
 
 The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 __________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 Table of Contents 

The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December 23, 2016 , the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was 2,673,618,543 (based on the closing sale price of 27.46 per share). 
 The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock, 0.00125 par value per share, outstanding as of August 18, 2017 was 97,684,861 . 
 __________________________________________ 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held October 24, 2017 are incorporated by reference into Part III. 

Table of Contents 

CREE, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended June 25, 2017 
 INDEX 

Page 
 Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 26 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 29 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 90 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 90 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 91 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 92 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 92 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 92 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 92 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 92 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 93 

SIGNATURES 
 96 

3 

Table of Contents 

Forward-Looking Information 
 Information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains various forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). All information contained in this report relative to future markets for our products and trends in and anticipated levels of revenue, gross margins and expenses, as well as other statements containing words such as believe, project, may, will, anticipate, target, plan, estimate, expect and intend and other similar expressions constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to business, economic and other risks and uncertainties, both known and unknown, and actual results may differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements we make are as of the date made, and except as required under the U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), we have no duty to update them if our views later change. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Annual Report. Examples of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance and any forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those described in Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report. 

4 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Cree, Inc. (Cree, we, our, or us) is a leading innovator of lighting-class light emitting diode (LED) products, lighting products and wide bandgap semiconductor products for power and radio-frequency (RF) applications. Our products are targeted for applications such as indoor and outdoor lighting, video displays, transportation, electronic signs and signals, power supplies, inverters and wireless systems. As discussed more fully below, we operate in three reportable segments: Lighting Products, LED Products and Wolfspeed. 
 Our lighting products primarily consist of LED lighting systems and lamps. We design, manufacture and sell lighting fixtures and lamps for the commercial, industrial and consumer markets. 
 Our LED products consist of LED chips and LED components. Our LED products enable our customers to develop and market LED-based products for lighting, video screens, automotive and other industrial applications. 
 Our Wolfspeed business consists of silicon carbide (SiC) materials, power devices and RF devices based on wide bandgap semiconductor materials such as SiC and gallium nitride (GaN). Our materials products and power devices are used in solar, electric vehicles, motor drives, power supplies and transportation applications. Our RF devices are used in military communications, radar, satellite and telecommunication applications. 
 As discussed more fully in Note 1, Business, in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report, on July 13, 2016, we executed a definitive agreement to sell the Wolfspeed business to Infineon Technologies AG (Infineon). Beginning in July 2016, the Company classified the results of the Wolfspeed business as discontinued operations in the Company's consolidated statements of loss for all periods presented and classified the related assets and liabilities associated with the discontinued operations as held for sale in the consolidated balance sheets. On March 6, 2017, the definitive agreement with Infineon was terminated. As a result of the termination of the agreement, we have reclassified the results of the Wolfspeed business as continuing operations in our consolidated statements of loss, and presented it as a separate reportable segment, for all periods presented. Additionally, the related assets and liabilities associated with the discontinued operations were reclassified as held and used in the consolidated balance sheets for all periods presented. 
 The majority of our products are manufactured at our production facilities located in North Carolina, Wisconsin and China. We also use contract manufacturers for certain products and aspects of product fabrication, assembly and packaging. We operate research and development facilities in North Carolina, Arkansas, California, Wisconsin, India, Italy and China (including Hong Kong). 
 Cree, Inc. is a North Carolina corporation established in 1987, and our headquarters are in Durham, North Carolina. For further information about our consolidated revenue and earnings, please see our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Recent Developments 
 On April 25, 2017, we announced that we intended to form a joint venture, to be called Cree Venture LED Company, Ltd. (Cree Venture LED), with San an Optoelectronics Co., Ltd. (San an) to produce and deliver to market high performing, mid-power lighting class LEDs in an exclusive arrangement to serve the expanding markets of North and South America, Europe and Japan, and serve China and the rest of the world on a non-exclusive basis. 
 Effective July 17, 2017, we entered into a Shareholders Agreement with San an and Cree Venture LED pursuant to which we and San an funded our contributions to Cree Venture LED and agreed upon the management and operation of Cree Venture LED. We contributed 5.1 million for a 51 ownership interest and San an contributed 4.9 million for a 49 ownership interest. Cree Venture LED will have a five-member board of directors, three of which will be designated by Cree and two of which will be designated by San an. 
 In connection with forming Cree Venture LED and entering into the Shareholders Agreement, Cree Venture LED and San an also entered into a manufacturing agreement pursuant to which San an will supply Cree Venture LED with mid-power LED products, and we and Cree Venture LED entered into a sales agency agreement pursuant to which we will be the independent sales representative of Cree Venture LED in the exclusive markets, among certain other ancillary agreements related to the transaction. 
 
 5 

 Table of Contents 

We target that the parties will finish establishing Cree Venture LED and begin first product qualifications with customers during the remainder of calendar 2017. 
 Reportable Segments 
 Our three reportable segments are: 
 
 Lighting Products 
 
 LED Products 
 
 Wolfspeed 
 Reportable segments are components of an entity that have separate financial data that the entity s Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) regularly reviews when allocating resources and assessing performance. Our CODM is the Chief Executive Officer. 
 For further information about our reportable segments, please refer to Note 14 , Reportable Segments, in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Products by Reportable Segment 
 Lighting Products Segment 
 Lighting Products revenue was 701.5 million , 889.1 million , and 906.5 million , representing 48 , 55 , and 56 of our revenue for the fiscal years ended June 25, 2017 , June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 , respectively. Lighting Products gross profit was 196.2 million , 238.2 million and 235.5 million and gross margin was 28 , 27 and 26 for the fiscal years 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. 
 Our Lighting Products segment primarily consists of LED lighting systems and lamps. We design, manufacture and sell lighting systems for indoor and outdoor applications, with our primary focus on LED lighting systems for the commercial, industrial and consumer markets. Lighting products are sold to distributors, retailers and direct to customers. Our portfolio of lighting products is designed for use in settings such as office and retail space, restaurants and hospitality, schools and universities, manufacturing, healthcare, airports, municipal, residential, street lighting and parking structures, among other applications. 
 LED Products Segment 
 LED Products revenue was 550.3 million , 551.2 million and 555.0 million representing 37 , 34 , and 34 of revenue for the fiscal years ended June 25, 2017 , June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 , respectively. LED Products gross profit was 151.7 million , 173.8 million and 159.0 million and gross margin was 28 , 32 and 29 for the fiscal years 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. 
 Our LED Products segment includes LED chips and LED components. 
 LED Chips 
 Our LED chip products include blue and green LED chips based on GaN and related materials. LED chips or die are solid state electronic components used in a number of applications and are currently available in a variety of brightness levels, wavelengths (colors) and sizes. We use our LED chips in the manufacturing of our LED components. Customers use our blue and green LED chips in a variety of applications including video screens, gaming displays, function indicator lights and automotive backlights, headlamps and directional indicators. Customers may also combine our blue LED chips with phosphors to create white LEDs, which are used in various applications for indoor and outdoor illumination and backlighting, full-color display screens, liquid crystal display (LCD) backlighting, white keypads and the camera flash function. 
 LED Components 
 Our LED components include a range of packaged LED products, from our XLamp LED components and LED modules for lighting applications to our high-brightness LED components. 
 Our XLamp LED components and LED modules are designed to meet a broad range of market needs for lighting applications including general illumination (both indoor and outdoor applications), portable, architectural, signal and transportation lighting. We use our XLamp LED components in our own lighting products. We also sell XLamp LED components externally to customers and distributors for use in a variety of products, primarily for lighting applications. 
 
 6 

 Table of Contents 

Our high-brightness LED components consist of surface mount (SMD) and through-hole packaged LED products. Our SMD LED component products are available in a full range of colors designed to meet a broad range of market needs, including video, signage, general illumination, transportation, gaming and specialty lighting. Our through-hole packaged LED component products are available in a full range of colors primarily designed for the signage market and provide users with color and brightness consistency across a wide viewing area. 
 Wolfspeed Segment 
 Wolfspeed revenue was 221.2 million , 176.3 million , and 171.0 million , representing 15 , 11 and 10 of our revenue for the fiscal years ended June 25, 2017 , June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 , respectively. Wolfspeed gross profit was 103.5 million , 94.6 million and 99.7 million and gross margin was 47 , 54 and 58 for the fiscal years 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. 
 Our Wolfspeed segment includes SiC materials, power devices and RF devices. 
 SiC Materials 
 Our SiC materials products consist of crystals, bare and epitaxial wafers. Our SiC materials are targeted for customers who use them to manufacture products for RF, power switching, gemstones and other applications. Corporate, government and university customers also buy SiC materials for research and development directed at RF and high power devices. 
 Power Devices 
 Our power device products consist of SiC Schottky diodes, metal oxide semiconductor field effect transistors (MOSFETs), power modules and gate driver boards. Our power products provide increased efficiency, faster switching speeds and reduced system size and weight over comparable silicon-based power devices. Power products are sold primarily to customers and distributors for use in power supplies used in computer servers, solar inverters, uninterruptible power supplies, industrial power supplies and other applications. 
 RF Devices 
 Our RF devices consist of GaN die, high-electron mobility transistors (HEMT) and monolithic microwave integrated circuits (MMICs), which are optimized for military, telecom and other commercial applications. Our RF devices are made from SiC and GaN and provide improved efficiency, bandwidths and frequency of operation as compared to silicon or GaAs. We also provide custom die manufacturing for GaN HEMTs and MMICs that allow a customer to design its own custom RF circuits to be fabricated by us, or have us design and fabricate products that meet their specific requirements. 
 Financial Information about Geographic Areas of Customers and Assets 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from product sales to international customers. For information concerning geographic areas of our customers and geographic information concerning our long-lived assets, please see Note 14 , Reportable Segments, in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. International operations expose us to risks that are different from operating in the United States, including foreign currency translation and transaction risk, risk of changes in tax laws, application of import/export laws and regulations and other risks described further in Item 1A, Risk Factors, of this Annual Report. 
 Research and Development 
 We invest significant resources in research and development. Our research and development activity includes efforts to: 
 
 increase the quality, performance and diameter of our substrate and epitaxial materials; 
 
 continually improve our manufacturing processes; 
 
 develop brighter, more efficient and lower cost LED chip and component products; 
 
 create new, and improve existing, LED components; 
 
 improve existing LED lighting products and develop new LED lighting systems and related controls; and 
 
 develop higher power diodes/switches and higher power/linearity RF devices. 
 
 7 

 Table of Contents 

When our customers participate in funding our research and development programs, we recognize the amount funded as a reduction of research and development expenses to the extent that our customers funding does not exceed our respective research and development costs. Research and development expenses were 158.5 million , 168.8 million and 182.8 million for the fiscal years ended June 25, 2017 , June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 , respectively. For further information about our research and development, see Research and Development in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We continue to make investments to expand our sales, marketing, technical applications support, and distribution capabilities to sell our lighting products and further enable new and existing customers to implement LED and power technology into their products. We also continue to make investments to promote and build market awareness of the Cree brand. Our sales, marketing and technical applications teams include personnel throughout North America, Asia and Europe. 
 Customers 
 We have historically had a few key customers who represented more than 10 of our consolidated revenue. In fiscal 2017 , revenue from Arrow Electronics, Inc. (Arrow) accounted for 12 of our total consolidated revenue. In fiscal 2016 , revenue from Arrow accounted for 10 of our total consolidated revenue. In fiscal 2015 , revenue from Arrow and The Home Depot, Inc. (Home Depot) accounted for 12 and 11 of our total consolidated revenue, respectively. Arrow is a customer of our LED Products and Wolfspeed segments. Home Depot is a customer of our Lighting Products segment. For further discussion regarding customer concentration, please see Note 15 , Concentrations of Risk, in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. The loss of any large customer could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Distribution 
 A substantial portion of our products are sold to distributors. Distributors stock inventory and sell our products to their own customer base, which may include: value added resellers, manufacturers who incorporate our products into their own manufactured goods and ultimate end users of our products. We also utilize third-party sales representatives who generally do not maintain a product inventory; instead, their customers place orders directly with us or through distributors. We also sell a portion of our products through retailers, which stock inventory and sell our products directly to consumers. 
 Seasonality 
 Our Lighting Products segment historically has experienced, and in the future may experience, seasonally lower lighting fixture sales due to winter weather, impacting our fiscal second and third quarters. In addition, the retail lighting industry has historically had seasonally lower sales of light bulbs in the summer, which has impacted our fiscal fourth quarter and which may impact our fiscal first quarter. Our LED Products segment historically has experienced, and in the future may experience, seasonally lower sales during our fiscal third quarter due to the Chinese New Year holiday. Our Wolfspeed segment is not generally subject to seasonality. 
 Our sales also vary based on other factors such as customer demand and government regulation. 
 If anticipated sales or shipments do not occur when expected, our results of operations for that quarter, and potentially for future quarters, may be adversely affected. 
 Backlog 
 Our backlog at June 25, 2017 , the last day of our 2017 fiscal year, was approximately 453.7 million , compared with a backlog of approximately 181.7 million at June 26, 2016 , the last day of our 2016 fiscal year. Because of the generally short cycle time between order and shipment and occasional customer changes in delivery schedules or cancellation of orders (which at times may be made without significant penalty), we do not believe that our backlog, as of any particular date, is necessarily indicative of actual net revenue for any future period. Additionally, our June 25, 2017 backlog contained 36.3 million of research contracts signed with the U.S. Government, for which approximately 29.5 million had not been appropriated as of the last day of fiscal 2017 . Our June 26, 2016 backlog contained 45.0 million of research contracts signed with the U.S. Government, for which approximately 33.7 million was not appropriated as of the last day of fiscal 2016 . Our backlog could be adversely affected if the U.S. Government exercises its rights to terminate our government contracts or does not appropriate and allocate all of the funding contemplated by the contracts. 
 
 8 

 Table of Contents 

Sources of Raw Materials 
 We depend on a number of suppliers for certain raw materials, components and equipment used in manufacturing our products, including certain key materials and equipment used in critical stages of our manufacturing processes. We generally purchase these limited source items pursuant to purchase orders and have limited guaranteed supply arrangements with our suppliers. Our suppliers, located around the world, can be subject to many constraints limiting supply that are beyond our control. We believe our current supply of essential materials is sufficient to meet our needs. However, shortages have occurred from time to time and could occur again. 
 Competition by Reportable Segment 
 Our success depends on our ability to keep pace with the evolving technology standards of the industries we serve. These industries are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent introduction of new products, short product life cycles, changes in end user and customer requirements, and a competitive pricing environment. The evolving nature of these industries may render our existing or future products obsolete, noncompetitive or unmarketable. Any of these developments could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Lighting Products Segment 
 Our Lighting Products segment currently faces competition from lighting fixture companies and lamp manufacturers. Lighting companies such as Acuity Brands, Inc., the Cooper Lighting division of Eaton Corporation plc, General Electric Company, Hubbell Incorporated, Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V. (Philips) and OSRAM Opto Semiconductors GmbH (OSRAM) are the main competitors in this market, but there are also many small and medium sized lighting competitors. 
 Our LED lighting products compete against traditional lighting products that use incandescent, fluorescent, halogen, ceramic metal halide, high pressure sodium or other lighting technologies. Our LED lighting products compete against traditional lighting products based upon superior energy savings, extended life, improved lighting quality and lower total cost of ownership. We also compete with LED-based products from other lamp and fixture companies, some of which are customers for our LED chips and LED components. Our products compete on the basis of color quality and consistency, superior light output, reduced energy consumption, brand, customer service and lower total cost of ownership. 
 LED Products Segment 
 Our LED Products segment s primary competitors are Nichia Corporation (Nichia), OSRAM, Philips and Samsung LED Company (Samsung). 
 LED Chips 
 The primary competition for our LED chip products comes from companies that manufacture and/or sell nitride-based LED chips. We consider Nichia to be a competitor because it sells LED chips to a select number of LED packaging companies and it sells packaged LEDs that most often compete directly with packaged LEDs made and sold by our chip customers. We believe, based on industry information, that Nichia currently has the largest market share for nitride-based LEDs. 
 There are many other LED chip producers who sell blue, green and white LED chip products, including OSRAM, Epistar Corporation and San an. These competitors make products for a variety of applications in a range of performance levels that compete directly with our LED chip products. 
 Overall, we believe that performance, price and strength of intellectual property are the most significant factors to compete successfully in the nitride LED market. We believe our products are well positioned to meet the market performance requirements; however, there is significant pricing pressure from a number of competitors, including new companies based in China. We continually strive to improve our competitive position by developing brighter and higher performing LED chips while focusing on lowering costs. 
 LED Components 
 The market for lighting class LED components is concentrated primarily in indoor and outdoor commercial lighting; specialty lighting, including torch lamps (flashlights); color changing architectural lighting; signs and signals; and transportation. Nichia, OSRAM, Lumileds Holding B.V., MLS, Everlight, Seoul Semiconductor and Samsung are the main competitors in these markets. These companies sell LED components that compete indirectly with our target customers for LED chips and compete directly with our XLamp LED components and LED modules. There are a large number of other companies, primarily based in Asia, that offer products designed to compete both directly and indirectly with our LED components in lighting and other applications. We are positioning our XLamp LED components and LED modules to compete in this market based on performance, price and usability. 
 
 9 

 Table of Contents 

Our high-brightness LED components compete with a larger number of companies around the world in a variety of applications including signage, video, transportation, gaming and specialty lighting. We are positioning our high-brightness LED components to compete in this market based on performance, price, availability and usability. 
 Wolfspeed Segment 
 SiC Materials 
 We have continued to maintain our well-established leadership position in the sale of SiC bulk material, SiC wafer and SiC and GaN epitaxy products. As market adoption of the technology grows with rapidly expanding power and RF device designs, we are experiencing increased competition from companies such as Dow Corning, II-VI Advanced Materials, SiCrystal, Nippon Steel and Sumitomo Metal Corporation. We believe our leading technology and leveraged production scale position us to reliably supply production volumes to the device manufacturers in the market. 
 Power Devices 
 Our SiC-based power devices compete with SiC power semiconductor solutions offered by Infineon, Microsemi Corporation, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, Rohm Co. Ltd. and STMicroelectronics, Inc. Our products also compete with existing semiconductor devices offered by a variety of manufacturers. Our power products compete in the power semiconductor market on the basis of performance, reliability and overall system price. 
 RF Devices 
 Our RF devices compete with M/A-COM Technology Solutions Inc., Microsemi Corporation, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, Sumitomo Electric Device Innovations, Inc. and Qorvo, Inc. which all offer GaN RF products that compete directly with our GaN HEMT products. Our products also compete with a variety of companies offering silicon and GaAs-based products. Our products compete in the RF semiconductor market on the basis of reliability, performance, design predictability and overall system price. 
 Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights 
 We believe it is important to protect our investment in technology by obtaining and enforcing intellectual property rights, including rights under patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright laws. We seek to protect inventions we consider significant by applying for patents in the United States and other countries when appropriate. We have also acquired, through license grants, purchases and assignments, rights to patents on inventions originally developed by others. As of June 25, 2017 , we owned or were the exclusive licensee of 2,105 issued U.S. patents and approximately 3,082 foreign patents with various expiration dates extending up to 2041 . We do not consider our business to be materially dependent upon any one patent, and we believe our business will not be materially adversely affected by the expiration of any one patent. For proprietary technology that is not patented, we generally seek to protect the technology and related know-how and information as trade secrets by keeping confidential the information that we believe provides us with a competitive advantage. We attempt to create strong brands for our products and promote our products through trademarks that distinguish them in the market. We may license our customers to use our trademarks in connection with the sale of our products, and we monitor for the proper and authorized use of our marks. 
 Licensing activities and lawsuits to enforce intellectual property rights, particularly patent rights, are a common aspect of the semiconductor, LED and lighting industries, and we attempt to ensure respect for our intellectual property rights through appropriate actions. The breadth of our intellectual property rights and the extent to which they can be successfully enforced varies across jurisdictions. We both make and receive inquiries regarding possible patent infringements and possible violations of other intellectual property rights in the normal course of business. Depending on the circumstances, we may seek to negotiate a license or other acceptable resolution. If we are unable to achieve a resolution by agreement, we may seek to enforce our rights or defend our position through litigation. Patent litigation in particular is expensive and the outcome is often uncertain. We believe that the strength of our portfolio of patent rights is important in helping us resolve or avoid such disputes with other companies in our industry. 
 Environmental Regulation 
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state and local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. These include statutory and regulatory provisions under which we are responsible for the management of hazardous materials we use and the disposition of hazardous wastes resulting from our manufacturing processes. Failure to comply with such provisions could result in fines and other liabilities to the government or third parties, injunctions requiring us to suspend or curtail operations or other remedies, and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 10 

 Table of Contents 

Working Capital 
 For a discussion of our working capital practices, see Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 
 Employees 
 As of June 25, 2017 , we employed 6,039 regular full and part-time employees. We also employ individuals on a temporary full-time basis and use the services of contractors as necessary. Certain of our employees in various countries outside of the United States are subject to laws providing representation rights. 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.cree.com. We make available free of charge through our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, including Interactive Data Files, and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. These reports may be accessed from our website by following the links under Investors, then SEC Filings. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. We have no duty to update or revise any forward-looking statements in this Annual Report or in other reports filed with the SEC, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless we are required to do so by law. A copy of this Annual Report and our other reports is available without charge upon written request to Investor Relations, Cree, Inc., 4600 Silicon Drive, Durham, North Carolina 27703. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Described below are various risks and uncertainties that may affect our business. If any of the risks described below actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our operating results are substantially dependent on the acceptance of new products. 
 Our future success may depend on our ability to deliver new, higher performing and lower cost solutions for existing and new markets and for customers to accept those solutions. We must introduce new products in a timely and cost-effective manner, and we must secure production orders for those products from our customers. The development of new products is a highly complex process, and we have in some instances experienced delays in completing the development and introduction of new products which has impacted our results in the past, such as in our fiscal 2016 third quarter and beyond. Our research and development efforts are aimed at solving increasingly complex problems, and we do not expect that all of our projects will be successful. The successful development, introduction and acceptance of new products depend on a number of factors, including the following: 
 
 achievement of technology breakthroughs required to make commercially viable products; 
 
 the accuracy of our predictions for market requirements; 
 
 our ability to predict, influence and/or react to evolving standards; 
 
 acceptance of our new product and systems designs; 
 
 acceptance of new technology in certain markets; 
 
 the availability of qualified research and development personnel; 
 
 our timely completion of product designs and development; 
 
 our ability to develop repeatable processes to manufacture new products in sufficient quantities, with the desired specifications and at competitive costs; 
 
 our ability to effectively transfer increasingly complex products and technology from development to manufacturing; 
 
 our customers ability to develop competitive products incorporating our products; and 
 
 market acceptance of our products and our customers products. 
 If any of these or other similar factors becomes problematic, we may not be able to deliver and introduce new products in a timely or cost-effective manner. 
 
 11 

 Table of Contents 

We face significant challenges managing our growth strategy. 
 Our potential for growth depends significantly on the adoption of our products within the markets we serve and for other applications, and our ability to affect this rate of adoption. In order to manage our growth and business strategy effectively relative to the uncertain pace of adoption, we must continue to: 
 
 expand the capability of information systems to support a more complex business; 
 
 maintain, expand and purchase adequate manufacturing facilities and equipment, as well as secure sufficient third-party manufacturing resources, to meet customer demand; 
 
 manage an increasingly complex supply chain that has the ability to supply an increasing number of raw materials, subsystems and finished products with the required specifications and quality, and deliver on time to our manufacturing facilities, our third party manufacturing facilities, or our logistics operations; 
 
 expand research and development, sales and marketing, technical support, distribution capabilities, manufacturing planning and administrative functions; 
 
 manage organizational complexity and communication; 
 
 expand the skills and capabilities of our current management team; 
 
 add experienced senior level managers and executives; 
 
 attract and retain qualified employees; and 
 
 adequately maintain and adjust the operational and financial controls that support our business. 
 We are also increasingly dependent on information technology to enable us to improve the effectiveness of our operations and to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. For example, the implementation of a new information technology platform at our Racine operations in our 2016 fiscal third quarter led to service interruptions that resulted in lower commercial lighting orders and revenues during that quarter and beyond. Allocation and effective management of the resources necessary to successfully implement, integrate, train personnel and sustain this new platform will remain critical to ensure that we are not subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, loss of customers, business disruptions or loss of or damage to intellectual property through a security breach in the near term. Additionally, we face these same risks if we fail to allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build, implement, upgrade, integrate and sustain appropriate technology infrastructure over the longer term. 
 While we intend to focus on managing our costs and expenses, over the long term we expect to invest to support our growth and may have additional unexpected costs. Such investments take time to become fully operational, and we may not be able to expand quickly enough to exploit targeted market opportunities. In connection with our efforts to cost-effectively manage our growth, we have increasingly relied on contractors for production capacity, logistics support and certain administrative functions including hosting of certain information technology software applications. If our contract manufacturers, original design manufacturers (ODMs) or other service providers do not perform effectively, we may not be able to achieve the expected cost savings and may incur additional costs to correct errors or fulfill customer demand. Depending on the function involved, such errors may also lead to business disruption, processing inefficiencies, the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach, or an impact on employee morale. Our operations may also be negatively impacted if any of these contract manufacturers, ODMs or other service providers do not have the financial capability to meet our growing needs. There are also inherent execution risks in starting up a new factory or expanding production capacity, whether one of our own factories or that of our contract manufacturers or ODMs, or moving production to different contract manufacturers or ODMs, that could increase costs and reduce our operating results, including design and construction cost overruns, poor production process yields and reduced quality control. 
 
 12 

 Table of Contents 

We operate in industries that are subject to significant fluctuation in supply and demand and ultimately pricing that affects our revenue and profitability. 
 The industries we serve are in different stages of adoption and are characterized by constant and rapid technological change, rapid product obsolescence and price erosion, evolving standards, short product life-cycles in the case of the LED industry and fluctuations in product supply and demand. The LED, power and RF industries have experienced significant fluctuations, often in connection with, or in anticipation of, product cycles and changes in general economic conditions. The semiconductor industry is characterized by rapid technological change, high capital expenditures, short product life cycles and continuous advancements in process technologies and manufacturing facilities. As the markets for our products mature, additional fluctuations may result from variability and consolidations within the industry s customer base. These fluctuations have been characterized by lower product demand, production overcapacity, higher inventory levels and increased pricing pressure. These fluctuations have also been characterized by higher demand for key components and equipment used in, or in the manufacture of, our products resulting in longer lead times, supply delays and production disruptions. 
 We have experienced these conditions in our business and may experience such conditions in the future, which could have a material negative impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. For example, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we commenced a restructuring plan for our LED business that reduced excess capacity and overhead as well as increased reserves as the result of a more aggressive pricing environment. The restructuring activity ended in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. 
 In addition, as we diversify our product offerings and as pricing differences in the average selling prices among our product lines widen, a change in the mix of sales among our product lines may increase volatility in our revenue and gross margin from period to period. 
 If we are unable to effectively develop, manage and expand our sales channels for our products, our operating results may suffer. 
 We have expanded into business channels that are different from those in which we have historically operated as we grow our business and sell more lighting, LED, power and RF products. Our sales agents have in the past and may in the future choose to drop our product lines from their portfolio to avoid losing access to our competitors products, resulting in a disruption in the project pipeline and lower than targeted sales for our products. Our sales agents have the ability to shift business to different suppliers within their product portfolio based on a number of factors, including customer service and new product availability. We sell a portion of our lighting products through retailers who may alter their promotional pricing or inventory strategies, which could impact our targeted sales of these products. If we are unable to effectively penetrate these channels or develop alternate channels to ensure our products are reaching the intended customer base, our financial results may be adversely impacted. In addition, if we successfully penetrate or develop these channels, we cannot guarantee that customers will accept our products or that we will be able to manufacture and deliver them in the timeline established by our customers. 
 We sell a substantial portion of our products to distributors. We rely on distributors to develop and expand their customer base as well as anticipate demand from their customers. If they are not successful, our growth and profitability may be adversely impacted. Distributors must balance the need to have enough products in stock in order to meet their customers needs against their internal target inventory levels and the risk of potential inventory obsolescence. The risks of inventory obsolescence are especially relevant to technological products. The distributors internal target inventory levels vary depending on market cycles and a number of factors within each distributor over which we have very little, if any, control. Distributors also have the ability to shift business to different manufacturers within their product portfolio based on a number of factors, including new product availability and performance. 
 We typically recognize revenue on products sold to distributors when the item is shipped and title passes to the distributor (sell-in method). Certain distributors have limited rights to return inventory under stock rotation programs and have limited price protection rights for which we make estimates. We evaluate inventory levels in the distribution channel, current economic trends and other related factors in order to account for these factors in our judgments and estimates. As inventory levels and product return trends change, we may have to revise our estimates and incur additional costs, and our gross margins and operating results could be adversely impacted. 
 
 13 

 Table of Contents 

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and have evolving technical requirements. 
 The markets for our products are highly competitive. In the LED market, we compete with companies that manufacture and sell LED chips and LED components. In the lighting market, we compete with companies that manufacture and sell traditional and LED lighting products, many of which have larger and more established sales channels. In the semiconductor market, we compete with companies that have greater market share, name recognition and technical resources than we do. Competitors continue to offer new products with aggressive pricing, additional features and improved performance. Competitive pricing pressures remain a challenge and continue to accelerate the rate of decline in our sales prices, particularly in our LED Products and Wolfspeed segments. Aggressive pricing actions by our competitors in our businesses could reduce margins if we are not able to reduce costs at an equal or greater rate than the sales price decline. 
 With the growth potential for LEDs, we will continue to face increased competition in the future across our businesses. If the investment in capacity exceeds the growth in demand, such as exists in the current LED market, the LED market is likely to become more competitive with additional pricing pressures. Additionally, new technologies could emerge or improvements could be made in existing technologies that may also reduce the demand for lighting and LEDs in certain markets. There are also new technologies, such as organic LEDs (OLEDs), which could potentially reduce LED demand for backlighting, potentially impacting the overall LED market. 
 As competition increases, we need to continue to develop new products that meet or exceed the needs of our customers. Therefore, our ability to continually produce more efficient and lower cost LEDs, lighting products and power and RF products that meet the evolving needs of our customers will be critical to our success. Competitors may also try to align with some of our strategic customers. This could lead to lower prices for our products, reduced demand for our products and a corresponding reduction in our ability to recover development, engineering and manufacturing costs. Any of these developments could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our results of operations, financial condition and business could be harmed if we are unable to balance customer demand and capacity. 
 As customer demand for our products changes, we must be able to adjust our production capacity to meet demand. We are continually taking steps to address our manufacturing capacity needs for our products. If we are not able to increase or decrease our production capacity at our targeted rate or if there are unforeseen costs associated with adjusting our capacity levels, we may not be able to achieve our financial targets. For example, our Wolfspeed business is currently experiencing demand in excess of our production capacity, which is resulting in longer manufacturing lead times to customers as we manage our constrained capacity. While we began in fiscal 2016 making significant investments to expand our materials, power and RF device capacity and continue to do so, these investments take time to bring in, install and get fully qualified. As a result, we may be unable to build or qualify such new capacity on a timely basis to meet customer demand and customers may fulfill their orders with one of our competitors instead. In addition, as we introduce new products and change product generations, we must balance the production and inventory of prior generation products with the production and inventory of new generation products, whether manufactured by us or our contract manufacturers, to maintain a product mix that will satisfy customer demand and mitigate the risk of incurring cost write-downs on the previous generation products, related raw materials and tooling. 
 Due to the proportionately high fixed cost nature of our business (such as facility costs), if demand does not materialize at the rate forecasted, we may not be able to scale back our manufacturing expenses or overhead costs to correspond to the demand. This could result in lower margins and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Additionally, if product demand decreases or we fail to forecast demand accurately, our results may be adversely impacted due to higher costs resulting from lower factory utilization, causing higher fixed costs per unit produced. For example, in the third quarter of fiscal 2017, we had lower overall lighting demand which led to higher costs per unit produced from our Racine factory, thereby reducing gross margins for our Lighting Products segment. Further, we may be required to recognize impairments on our long-lived assets or recognize excess inventory write-off charges, as we did in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. We may in the future be required to recognize excess capacity charges, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 In addition, our efforts to improve quoted delivery lead-time performance may result in corresponding reductions in order backlog. A decline in backlog levels could result in more variability and less predictability in our quarter-to-quarter net revenue and operating results. 
 
 14 

 Table of Contents 

If our products fail to perform or fail to meet customer requirements or expectations, we could incur significant additional costs, including costs associated with the recall of those items. 
 The manufacture of our products involves highly complex processes. Our customers specify quality, performance and reliability standards that we must meet. If our products do not meet these standards, we may be required to replace or rework the products. In some cases, our products may contain undetected defects or flaws that only become evident after shipment and installation. For example, during the second and third quarters of fiscal 2017, we determined that the quality of several of our commercial lighting products were possibly impacted by third party supplied drivers that did not meet specifications. Therefore, we increased our product warranty reserves for potential future warranty claims. Even if our products meet standard specifications, our customers may attempt to use our products in applications for which they were not designed or in products that were not designed or manufactured properly, resulting in product failures and creating customer satisfaction issues. 
 We have experienced product quality, performance or reliability problems from time to time and defects or failures may occur in the future. If failures or defects occur, they could result in significant losses or product recalls due to: 
 
 costs associated with the removal, collection and destruction of the product; 
 
 payments made to replace product; 
 
 costs associated with repairing the product; 
 
 the write-down or destruction of existing inventory; 
 
 insurance recoveries that fail to cover the full costs associated with product recalls; 
 
 lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time; 
 
 delays, cancellations or rescheduling of orders for our products; or 
 
 increased product returns. 
 A significant product recall could also result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation and a loss of customer or consumer confidence in our products. We also may be the target of product liability lawsuits or regulatory proceedings by the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) and could suffer losses from a significant product liability judgment or adverse CPSC finding against us if the use of our products at issue is determined to have caused injury or contained a substantial product hazard. 
 We provide warranty periods ranging from 90 days to 10 years on our products. The standard warranty on nearly all of our new LED lighting products, which now represent the majority of our revenue, is 10 years. Although we believe our reserves are appropriate, we are making projections about the future reliability of new products and technologies, and we may experience increased variability in warranty claims. Increased warranty claims could result in significant losses due to a rise in warranty expense and costs associated with customer support. 
 We rely on a number of key sole source and limited source suppliers and are subject to high price volatility on certain commodity inputs, variations in parts quality, and raw material consistency and availability. 
 We depend on a number of sole source and limited source suppliers for certain raw materials, components, services and equipment used in manufacturing our products, including key materials and equipment used in critical stages of our manufacturing processes. Although alternative sources generally exist for these items, qualification of many of these alternative sources could take up to six months or longer. Where possible, we attempt to identify and qualify alternative sources for our sole and limited source suppliers. 
 We generally purchase these sole or limited source items with purchase orders, and we have limited guaranteed supply arrangements with such suppliers. Some of our sources can have variations in attributes and availability which can affect our ability to produce products in sufficient volume or quality. We do not control the time and resources that these suppliers devote to our business, and we cannot be sure that these suppliers will perform their obligations to us. Additionally, general shortages in the marketplace of certain raw materials or key components may adversely impact our business. In the past, we have experienced decreases in our production yields when suppliers have varied from previously agreed upon specifications or made other modifications we do not specify, which impacted our cost of revenue. 
 
 15 

 Table of Contents 

Additionally, the inability of our suppliers to access capital efficiently could cause disruptions in their businesses, thereby negatively impacting ours. This risk may increase if an economic downturn negatively affects key suppliers or a significant number of our other suppliers. Any delay in product delivery or other interruption or variation in supply from these suppliers could prevent us from meeting commercial demand for our products. If we were to lose key suppliers, if our key suppliers were unable to support our demand for any reason or if we were unable to identify and qualify alternative suppliers, our manufacturing operations could be interrupted or hampered significantly. 
 We rely on arrangements with independent shipping companies for the delivery of our products from vendors and to customers both in the United States and abroad. The failure or inability of these shipping companies to deliver products or the unavailability of shipping or port services, even temporarily, could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may also be adversely affected by an increase in freight surcharges due to rising fuel costs and added security. 
 In our fabrication process we consume a number of precious metals and other commodities, which are subject to high price volatility. Our operating margins could be significantly affected if we are not able to pass along price increases to our customers. In addition, production could be disrupted by the unavailability of the resources used in production such as water, silicon, electricity and gases. Future environmental regulations could restrict supply or increase the cost of certain of those materials. 
 We depend on a limited number of customers, including distributors and retailers, for a substantial portion of our revenue, and the loss of, or a significant reduction in purchases by, one or more of these customers could adversely affect our operating results. 
 We receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers, including distributors and retailers, one of which represented 12 of our consolidated revenue in fiscal 2017 . Most of our customer orders are made on a purchase order basis, which does not generally require any long-term customer commitments. Therefore, these customers may alter their purchasing behavior with little or no notice to us for various reasons, including developing, or, in the case of our distributors, their customers developing, their own product solutions; choosing to purchase or distribute product from our competitors; incorrectly forecasting end market demand for their products; or experiencing a reduction in their market share in the markets for which they purchase our products. In the case of retailers, these customers may alter their promotional pricing; increase promotion of competitors' products over our products; or reduce their inventory levels; all of which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. If our customers alter their purchasing behavior, if our customers purchasing behavior does not match our expectations or if we encounter any problems collecting amounts due from them, our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 Our results may be negatively impacted if customers do not maintain their favorable perception of our brand and products. 
 We have a developing brand with increasing value. Maintaining and continually enhancing the value of this brand is critical to the success of our business. Brand value is based in large part on customer perceptions. Success in promoting and enhancing brand value depends in large part on our ability to provide high-quality products. Brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors, including adverse publicity about our products (whether valid or not), a failure to maintain the quality of our products (whether perceived or real), the failure of our products or Cree to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences, the products becoming unavailable to consumers or consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner. Damage to our brand, reputation or loss of customer confidence in our brand or products could result in decreased demand for our products and have a negative impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Variations in our production could impact our ability to reduce costs and could cause our margins to decline and our operating results to suffer. 
 All of our products are manufactured using technologies that are highly complex. The number of usable items, or yield, from our production processes may fluctuate as a result of many factors, including but not limited to the following: 
 
 variability in our process repeatability and control; 
 
 contamination of the manufacturing environment; 
 
 equipment failure, power outages, fires, flooding, information or other system failures or variations in the manufacturing process; 
 
 lack of consistency and adequate quality and quantity of piece parts, other raw materials and other bill of materials items; 
 
 inventory shrinkage or human errors; 
 
 16 

 Table of Contents 

defects in production processes (including system assembly) either within our facilities or at our suppliers; and 
 
 any transitions or changes in our production process, planned or unplanned. 
 In the past, we have experienced difficulties in achieving acceptable yields on certain products, which has adversely affected our operating results. We may experience similar problems in the future, and we cannot predict when they may occur or their severity. 
 In some instances, we may offer products for future delivery at prices based on planned yield improvements or increased cost efficiencies from other production advances. Failure to achieve these planned improvements or advances could have a significant impact on our margins and operating results. 
 In addition, our ability to convert volume manufacturing to larger diameter substrates can be an important factor in providing a more cost effective manufacturing process. If we are unable to make this transition in a timely or cost effective manner, our results could be negatively impacted. 
 Global economic conditions could materially adversely impact demand for our products and services. 
 Our operations and performance depend significantly on worldwide economic conditions. Uncertainty about global economic conditions could result in customers postponing purchases of our products and services in response to tighter credit, unemployment, negative financial news and/or declines in income or asset values and other macroeconomic factors, which could have a material negative effect on demand for our products and services and, accordingly, on our business, results of operations or financial condition. For example, any economic and political uncertainty caused by the United Kingdom's impending exit from the European Union may negatively impact demand for our products. 
 Additionally, our international sales are subject to variability as our selling prices become less competitive in countries with currencies that are declining in value against the U.S. Dollar and more competitive in countries with currencies that are increasing in value against the U.S. Dollar. In addition, our international purchases can become more expensive if the U.S. Dollar weakens against the foreign currencies in which we are billed. 
 If we fail to evaluate and execute strategic opportunities successfully, our business may suffer. 
 From time to time, we evaluate strategic opportunities available to us for product, technology or business transactions, such as business acquisitions, investments, joint ventures, divestitures, or spin-offs. If we choose to enter into such transactions, we face certain risks including: 
 
 the failure of an acquired business, investee or joint venture to meet our performance and financial expectations; 
 
 identification of additional liabilities relating to an acquired business; 
 
 loss of existing customers of our current and acquired businesses due to concerns that new product lines may be in competition with the customers existing product lines; 
 
 difficulty integrating an acquired business's operations, personnel and financial and operating systems into our current business; 
 
 diversion of management attention; 
 
 difficulty separating the operations, personnel and financial and operating systems of a spin-off or divestiture from our current business; 
 
 the possibility we are unable to complete the transaction and expend substantial resources without achieving the desired benefit; 
 
 the inability to obtain required regulatory agency approvals; 
 
 uncertainty of the financial markets or circumstances that cause conditions that are less favorable and/or different than expected; and 
 
 expenses incurred to complete a transaction may be significantly higher than anticipated. 
 
 17 

 Table of Contents 

We may not be able to adequately address these risks or any other problems that arise from our prior or future acquisitions, investments, joint ventures, divestitures or spin-offs. Any failure to successfully evaluate strategic opportunities and address risks or other problems that arise related to any such business transaction could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 As a result of our continued expansion into new markets, we may compete with existing customers who may reduce their orders. 
 Through acquisitions and organic growth, we continue to expand into new markets and new market segments. Many of our existing customers who purchase our LED products or Wolfspeed substrate materials develop and manufacture products using those wafers, chips and components that are offered into the same lighting, power and RF markets. As a result, some of our current customers perceive us as a competitor in these market segments. In response, our customers may reduce or discontinue their orders for our LED or Wolfspeed substrate materials products. This reduction in or discontinuation of orders could occur faster than our sales growth in these new markets, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our revenue is highly dependent on our customers ability to produce, market and sell more integrated products. 
 Our revenue in our LED Products and Wolfspeed segments depends on getting our products designed into a larger number of our customers products and in turn, our customers ability to produce, market and sell their products. For example, we have current and prospective customers that create, or plan to create, lighting systems using our LED components. Even if our customers are able to develop and produce LED lighting products or products that incorporate our power and RF products, there can be no assurance that our customers will be successful in marketing and selling these products in the marketplace. 
 Our operations in foreign countries expose us to certain risks inherent in doing business internationally, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 We have revenue, operations, manufacturing facilities and contract manufacturing arrangements in foreign countries that expose us to certain risks. For example, fluctuations in exchange rates may affect our revenue, expenses and results of operations as well as the value of our assets and liabilities as reflected in our financial statements. We are also subject to other types of risks, including the following: 
 
 protection of intellectual property and trade secrets; 
 
 tariffs, customs, trade sanctions, trade embargoes and other barriers to importing/exporting materials and products in a cost effective and timely manner, or changes in applicable tariffs or custom rules; 
 
 the burden of complying with and changes in U.S. or international taxation policies; 
 
 timing and availability of export licenses; 
 
 rising labor costs; 
 
 disruptions in or inadequate infrastructure of the countries where we operate; 
 
 difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; 
 
 difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; and 
 
 the burden of complying with foreign and international laws and treaties. 
 In some instances, we have received and may continue to receive incentives from foreign governments to encourage our investment in certain countries, regions or areas outside of the United States. In particular, we have received and may continue to receive such incentives in connection with our operations in Asia, as Asian national and local governments seek to encourage the development of the technology industry. Government incentives may include tax rebates, reduced tax rates, favorable lending policies and other measures, some or all of which may be available to us due to our foreign operations. Any of these incentives could be reduced or eliminated by governmental authorities at any time or as a result of our inability to maintain minimum operations necessary to earn the incentives. Any reduction or elimination of incentives currently provided for our operations could adversely affect our business and results of operations. These same governments also may provide increased incentives to or require production processes that favor local companies, which could further negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 18 

 Table of Contents 

Changes in regulatory, geopolitical, social, economic, or monetary policies and other factors, including those which may result from the new U.S. presidential administration and the U.S. Congress, if any, may have a material adverse effect on our business in the future, or may require us to exit a particular market or significantly modify our current business practices. Abrupt political change, terrorist activity and armed conflict pose a risk of general economic disruption in affected countries, which could also result in an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For example, the results of the United Kingdom s referendum on whether to remain a part of the European Union have created political and economic uncertainty not only in the United Kingdom, but in many European countries in which we do business. There could be further uncertainty as the United Kingdom negotiates the future terms of its relationship with the European Union following its withdrawal. 
 In order to compete, we must attract, motivate and retain key employees, and our failure to do so could harm our results of operations. 
 Hiring and retaining qualified executives, scientists, engineers, technical staff and sales personnel is critical to our business, and competition for experienced employees in our industry can be intense. As a global company, this issue is not limited to the United States, but includes our other locations such as Europe and China. For example, there is substantial competition in China for qualified and capable personnel, particularly experienced engineers and technical personnel, which may make it difficult for us to recruit and retain qualified employees. Also, within Huizhou, China, there are other large companies building manufacturing plants that will likely compete for qualified employees. If we are unable to staff sufficient and adequate personnel at our China facilities, we may experience lower revenue or increased manufacturing costs, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 
 To help attract, motivate and retain key employees, we use benefits such as stock-based compensation awards. If the value of such awards does not appreciate, as measured by the performance of the price of our common stock or if our stock-based compensation otherwise ceases to be viewed as a valuable benefit, our ability to attract, retain and motivate employees could be weakened, which could harm our business and results of operations. 
 On May 19, 2017, we announced that we were accelerating the succession planning process for our chief executive officer and that Charles M. Swoboda will step down from his executive positions and as a member of the Board of Directors following a transition period. Our CEO search process, which is being led by a search committee of the Board, to identify a candidate for a permanent Chief Executive Officer and President continues, and we are working with an executive search firm to assist with the process of identifying and evaluating both internal and external candidates. There are no assurances concerning the timing or outcome of our search for a new Chief Executive Officer. Our ability to execute our business strategies and attract and retain key executives may be adversely affected by the uncertainty associated with the transition to a successor Chief Executive Officer. 
 The adoption of or changes in government and/or industry policies, standards or regulations relating to the efficiency, performance, use or other aspects of our products could impact the demand for our products. 
 The adoption of or changes in government and/or industry policies, standards or regulations relating to the efficiency, performance or other aspects of our products may impact the demand for our products. Demand for our products may also be impacted by changes in government and/or industry policies, standards or regulations that discourage the use of certain traditional lighting technologies. These constraints may be eliminated or delayed by legislative action, which could have a negative impact on demand for our products. Our ability and the ability of our competitors to meet these new requirements could impact competitive dynamics in the market. 
 If governments, their agencies or utilities reduce their demand for our products or discontinue or curtail their funding, our business may suffer. 
 Changes in governmental budget priorities could adversely affect our business and results of operations. U.S. and foreign government agencies have purchased products directly from us and products from our customers, and U.S. government agencies have historically funded a portion of our research and development activities. When the government changes budget priorities, such as in times of war or financial crisis, or reallocates its research and development spending to areas unrelated to our business, our research and development funding and our product sales to government entities and government-funded customers are at risk. For example, demand and payment for our products and our customers products may be affected by public sector budgetary cycles, funding authorizations or utility rebates. Funding reductions or delays could negatively impact demand for our products. If government or utility funding is discontinued or significantly reduced, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 19 

 Table of Contents 

We are exposed to fluctuations in the market value of our investment portfolio and in interest rates, and therefore, impairment of our investments or lower investment income could harm our earnings. 
 We are exposed to market value and inherent interest rate risk related to our investment portfolio. We have historically invested portions of our available cash in fixed interest rate securities such as high-grade corporate debt, commercial paper, municipal bonds, certificates of deposit, government securities and other fixed interest rate investments. The primary objective of our cash investment policy is preservation of principal. However, these investments are generally not Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured and may lose value and/or become illiquid regardless of their credit rating. 
 From time to time, we have also made investments in public and private companies that engage in complementary businesses. For example, during fiscal 2015 we made an investment in Lextar Electronics Corporation (Lextar), a public company in Taiwan. An investment in another company is subject to the risks inherent in the business of that company and to trends affecting the equity markets as a whole. Investments in publicly held companies are subject to market risks and, like our investment in Lextar, may not be liquidated easily. As a result, we may not be able to reduce the size of our position or liquidate our investments when we deem appropriate to limit our downside risk. Should the value of any such investments we hold decline, the related write-down in value could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. For example, the value of our Lextar investment declined from the date of our investment in December 2014 through the end of fiscal 2017 with variability between quarters, and may continue to decline in the future. As required by Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X, we filed Lextar s financial statements, prepared by Lextar and audited by its independent public accounting firm, as of and for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 as an exhibit to this Annual Report. 
 Litigation could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 We are often involved in litigation, primarily patent litigation. Defending against existing and potential litigation will likely require significant attention and resources and, regardless of the outcome, result in significant legal expenses, which could adversely affect our results unless covered by insurance or recovered from third parties. If our defenses are ultimately unsuccessful or if we are unable to achieve a favorable resolution, we could be liable for damage awards that could materially affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Where necessary, we may initiate litigation to enforce our patent or other intellectual property rights, which could adversely impact our relationship with certain customers. Any such litigation may require us to spend a substantial amount of time and money and could distract management from our day-to-day operations. Moreover, there is no assurance that we will be successful in any such litigation. 
 Our business may be impaired by claims that we, or our customers, infringe the intellectual property rights of others. 
 Vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights characterize our industry. These traits have resulted in significant and often protracted and expensive litigation. Litigation to determine the validity of patents or claims by third parties of infringement of patents or other intellectual property rights could result in significant legal expense and divert the efforts of our technical personnel and management, even if the litigation results in a determination favorable to us. In the event of an adverse result in such litigation, we could be required to: 
 
 pay substantial damages; 
 
 indemnify our customers; 
 
 stop the manufacture, use and sale of products found to be infringing; 
 
 incur asset impairment charges; 
 
 discontinue the use of processes found to be infringing; 
 
 expend significant resources to develop non-infringing products or processes; or 
 
 obtain a license to use third party technology. 
 
 20 

 Table of Contents 

There can be no assurance that third parties will not attempt to assert infringement claims against us, or our customers, with respect to our products. In addition, our customers may face infringement claims directed to the customer s products that incorporate our products, and an adverse result could impair the customer s demand for our products. We have also promised certain of our customers that we will indemnify them in the event they are sued by our competitors for infringement claims directed to the products we supply. Under these indemnification obligations, we may be responsible for future payments to resolve infringement claims against them. 
 From time to time, we receive correspondence asserting that our products or processes are or may be infringing patents or other intellectual property rights of others. If we believe the assertions may have merit or in other appropriate circumstances, we may take steps to seek to obtain a license or to avoid the infringement. We cannot predict, however, whether a license will be available; that we would find the terms of any license offered acceptable; or that we would be able to develop an alternative solution. Failure to obtain a necessary license or develop an alternative solution could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and costs and to suspend the manufacture of affected products. 
 There are limitations on our ability to protect our intellectual property. 
 Our intellectual property position is based in part on patents owned by us and patents licensed to us. We intend to continue to file patent applications in the future, where appropriate, and to pursue such applications with U.S. and certain foreign patent authorities. 
 Our existing patents are subject to expiration and re-examination and we cannot be sure that additional patents will be issued on any new applications around the covered technology or that our existing or future patents will not be successfully contested by third parties. Also, since issuance of a valid patent does not prevent other companies from using alternative, non-infringing technology, we cannot be sure that any of our patents, or patents issued to others and licensed to us, will provide significant commercial protection, especially as new competitors enter the market. 
 We periodically discover products that are counterfeit reproductions of our products or that otherwise infringe on our intellectual property rights. The actions we take to establish and protect trademarks, patents and other intellectual property rights may not be adequate to prevent imitation of our products by others, and therefore, may adversely affect our sales and our brand and result in the shift of customer preference away from our products. Further, the actions we take to establish and protect trademarks, patents and other intellectual property rights could result in significant legal expense and divert the efforts of our technical personnel and management, even if the litigation or other action results in a determination favorable to us. 
 We also rely on trade secrets and other non-patented proprietary information relating to our product development and manufacturing activities. We try to protect this information through appropriate efforts to maintain its secrecy, including requiring employees and third parties to sign confidentiality agreements. We cannot be sure that these efforts will be successful or that the confidentiality agreements will not be breached. We also cannot be sure that we would have adequate remedies for any breach of such agreements or other misappropriation of our trade secrets, or that our trade secrets and proprietary know-how will not otherwise become known or be independently discovered by others. 
 We may be required to recognize a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired. 
 Goodwill and purchased intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but are reviewed for impairment annually and more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. We assess the recoverability of the unamortized balance of our finite-lived intangible assets when indicators of potential impairment are present. Factors that may indicate that the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets may not be recoverable include a decline in our stock price and market capitalization and slower growth rates in our industry. The recognition of a significant charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements resulting from any impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 We may be subject to confidential information theft or misuse, which could harm our business and results of operations. 
 We face attempts by others to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems on which we maintain proprietary and other confidential information. Our security measures may be breached as the result of industrial or other espionage actions of outside parties, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our systems. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to access our confidential information through other means, for example by fraudulently inducing our employees to disclose confidential information. We actively seek to prevent, detect and investigate any unauthorized access, which sometimes occurs. We might be unaware of any such access or unable to determine its magnitude and effects. The theft and/or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information as a result of such an incident could adversely affect our competitive position and the value of our investment in research and development could be reduced. Our business could be subject to significant disruption and we could suffer monetary or other losses. 
 
 21 

 Table of Contents 

We are subject to risks related to international sales and purchases. 
 We expect that revenue from international sales will continue to represent a significant portion of our total revenue. As such, a significant slowdown or instability in relevant foreign economies, including economic instability in Europe, or lower investments in new infrastructure could have a negative impact on our sales. We also purchase a portion of the materials included in our products from overseas sources. 
 Our international sales and purchases are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including, without limitation, tariffs, trade sanctions, trade barriers, trade embargoes, regulations relating to import-export control, technology transfer restrictions, the International Traffic in Arms Regulation promulgated under the Arms Export Control Act, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the anti-boycott provisions of the U.S. Export Administration Act. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could be liable for administrative, civil or criminal liabilities, and, in the extreme case, we could be suspended or debarred from government contracts or have our export privileges suspended, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 International sales and purchases are also subject to a variety of other risks, including risks arising from currency fluctuations, collection issues and taxes. We have entered and may in the future enter into foreign currency derivative financial instruments in an effort to manage or hedge some of our foreign exchange rate risk. We may not be able to engage in hedging transactions in the future, and, even if we do, foreign currency fluctuations may still have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by uncertainties in the global financial markets and our or our customers or suppliers ability to access the capital markets. 
 Global financial markets continue to reflect uncertainty. Given these uncertainties, there could be future disruptions in the global economy, financial markets and consumer confidence. If economic conditions deteriorate unexpectedly, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. For example, our customers, including our distributors and their customers, may experience difficulty obtaining the working capital and other financing necessary to support historical or projected purchasing patterns, which could negatively affect our results of operations. 
 Although we believe we have adequate liquidity and capital resources to fund our operations internally and under our existing line of credit, our inability to access the capital markets on favorable terms in the future, or at all, may adversely affect our financial performance. The inability to obtain adequate financing from debt or capital sources in the future could force us to self-fund strategic initiatives or even forego certain opportunities, which in turn could potentially harm our performance. 
 Changes in our effective tax rate may affect our results. 
 Our future effective tax rates may be affected by a number of factors including: 
 
 the jurisdiction in which profits are determined to be earned and taxed; 
 
 changes in government administrations, such as the new U.S. presidential administration and U.S. Congress, as well as in the states and countries in which we operate; 
 
 changes in tax laws or interpretation of such tax laws and changes in generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various authorities; 
 
 changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. For example, in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 we recognized a full valuation allowance against our U.S. deferred tax assets and other deferred charges primarily due to our three-year cumulative pre-tax loss position in the U.S. and the termination of the Wolfspeed sale transaction, which was anticipated to generate U.S. taxable income; 
 
 adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns; 
 
 increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, including impairment of goodwill in connection with acquisitions; 
 
 changes in available tax credits; 
 
 the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions; 
 
 variations in realized tax deductions for certain stock-based compensation awards (such as non-qualified stock options and restricted stock) from those originally anticipated; and 
 
 22 

 Table of Contents 

the repatriation of non-U.S. earnings for which we have not previously provided for U.S. taxes or any changes in legislation that may result in these earnings being taxed within the U.S., regardless of our decision regarding repatriation of funds. 
 Any significant increase or decrease in our future effective tax rates could impact net loss for future periods. In addition, the determination of our income tax provision requires complex estimations, significant judgments and significant knowledge and experience concerning the applicable tax laws. To the extent our income tax liability materially differs from our income tax provisions due to factors, including the above, which were not anticipated at the time we estimated our tax provision, our net income (loss) or cash flows could be affected. 
 Failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations worldwide could harm our business and results of operations. 
 The manufacturing, assembling and testing of our products require the use of hazardous materials that are subject to a broad array of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with any of these applicable laws or regulations could result in: 
 
 regulatory penalties, fines, legal liabilities and the forfeiture of certain tax benefits; 
 
 suspension of production; 
 
 alteration of our fabrication, assembly and test processes; and 
 
 curtailment of our operations or sales. 
 In addition, our failure to manage the use, transportation, emission, discharge, storage, recycling or disposal of hazardous materials could subject us to increased costs or future liabilities. Existing and future environmental laws and regulations could also require us to acquire pollution abatement or remediation equipment, modify our product designs or incur other expenses, such as permit costs, associated with such laws and regulations. Many new materials that we are evaluating for use in our operations may be subject to regulation under existing or future environmental laws and regulations that may restrict our use of one or more of such materials in our manufacturing, assembly and test processes or products. Any of these restrictions could harm our business and results of operations by increasing our expenses or requiring us to alter our manufacturing processes. 
 Our results could vary as a result of the methods, estimates and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies, including changes in the accounting standards to be applied. 
 The methods, estimates and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on our results (see Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report). Such methods, estimates and judgments are, by their nature, subject to substantial risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and factors may arise over time that lead us to change our methods, estimates and judgments. Changes in those methods, estimates and judgments could significantly affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Likewise, our results may be impacted due to changes in the accounting standards to be applied, such as the increased use of fair value measurement standards and changes in revenue recognition requirements. 
 Catastrophic events may disrupt our business. 
 A disruption or failure of our systems or operations in the event of a natural disaster, health pandemic, such as an influenza outbreak within our workforce, or man-made catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, continuing production or performing other critical functions of our business, particularly if a catastrophic event occurred at our primary manufacturing locations or our subcontractors' locations. Any of these events could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and, as a result, our operating results could be adversely affected. There may also be secondary impacts that are unforeseeable as well, such as impacts to our customers, which could cause delays in new orders, delays in completing sales or even order cancellations. 
 
 23 

 Table of Contents 

Our stock price may be volatile. 
 Historically, our common stock has experienced substantial price volatility, particularly as a result of significant fluctuations in our revenue, earnings and margins over the past few years, and variations between our actual financial results and the published expectations of analysts. For example, the closing price per share of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market ranged from a low of 21.12 to a high of 28.98 during the 12 months ended June 25, 2017 . If our future operating results or margins are below the expectations of stock market analysts or our investors, our stock price will likely decline. 
 Speculation and opinions in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations or significant transactions can also cause changes in our stock price. In particular, speculation around our market opportunities for energy efficient lighting may have a dramatic effect on our stock price, especially as various government agencies announce their planned investments in energy efficient technology, including lighting. 
 We have outstanding debt which could materially restrict our business and adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 Our indebtedness consists of borrowings from our revolving line of credit. Our ability to pay interest and repay the principal for our indebtedness is dependent upon our ability to manage our business operations and generate sufficient cash flows to service such debt. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage any of these risks successfully. 
 The level of outstanding debt under this line of credit may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition by, among other things: 
 
 increasing our vulnerability to downturns in our business, to competitive pressures and to adverse general economic and industry conditions; 
 
 requiring the dedication of an increased portion of our expected cash flows from operations to service our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of expected cash flow available for other purposes, including capital expenditures, research and development and stock repurchases; 
 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 
 placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our peers that may have less indebtedness than we have by limiting our ability to borrow additional funds needed to operate and grow our business; and 
 
 increasing our interest expense if interest rates increase. 
 Our line of credit requires us to maintain compliance with certain financial ratios. In addition, our line of credit contains certain restrictions that could limit our ability to, among other things: incur additional indebtedness, dispose of assets, create liens on assets, make acquisitions or engage in mergers or consolidations, and engage in certain transactions with our subsidiaries and affiliates. These restrictions could limit our ability to plan for or react to changing business conditions, or could otherwise restrict our business activities and plans. 
 Our ability to comply with our loan covenants may also be affected by events beyond our control and if any of these restrictions or terms is breached, it could lead to an event of default under our line of credit. A default, if not cured or waived, may permit acceleration of our indebtedness. In addition, our lenders could terminate their commitments to make further extensions of credit under our line of credit. If our indebtedness is accelerated, we cannot be certain that we will have sufficient funds to pay the accelerated indebtedness or that we will have the ability to refinance accelerated indebtedness on terms favorable to us or at all. 
 
 24 

 Table of Contents 

Regulations related to conflict-free minerals may force us to incur additional expenses. 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act contains provisions to improve transparency and accountability concerning the supply of minerals originating from the conflict zones of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and adjoining countries. As a result, in August 2012 the SEC established new annual disclosure and reporting requirements for those companies who may use conflict minerals mined from the DRC and adjoining countries in their products. Our most recent disclosure regarding our due diligence was filed in May 2017 for calendar year 2016. These requirements could affect the sourcing and availability of certain minerals used in the manufacture of our products. As a result, we may not be able to obtain the relevant minerals at competitive prices and there will likely be additional costs associated with complying with the due diligence procedures as required by the SEC. In addition, because our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges with our customers and other stakeholders if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of all minerals used in our products through the due diligence procedures, and we may incur additional costs as a result of changes to product, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of these requirements. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Properties 
 The table below sets forth information with respect to our significant owned and leased facilities as of June 25, 2017 . The sizes of the locations represent the approximate gross square footage of each site s buildings. 

Size (approximate gross square footage) 
 Location 
 Segment Utilization 1 
 
 Total 
 
 Production 
 
 Facility 
 Services and 
 Warehousing 
 
 Administrative 
 Function 
 
 Housing / 
 Other 
 Owned Facilities 

Durham, NC 
 All 
 
 966,844 

536,169 

83,860 

346,815 

Research Triangle Park, NC 
 3 
 
 203,995 

90,613 

62,855 

50,527 

Racine, WI 
 1 
 
 802,845 

160,000 

418,000 

224,845 

Huizhou, China 
 2 
 
 823,951 

332,271 

116,568 

41,764 

333,348 
 
 Total owned 

2,797,635 

1,119,053 

681,283 

663,951 

333,348 

Leased Facilities 

Durham, NC 
 1 
 
 189,430 

15,200 

167,584 

6,646 

Laredo, TX 
 1 
 
 100,545 

97,545 

3,000 

Goleta, CA 
 1,2 
 
 25,623 

1,882 

23,741 

Yorkville, WI 
 1 
 
 79,016 

77,316 

1,700 

Pleasant Prairie, WI 
 1 
 
 147,877 

145,477 

2,400 

Fayetteville, AR 
 3 
 
 26,265 

10,956 

15,309 

Sesto Fiorentino, Italy 
 1,2 
 
 63,670 

20,672 

24,998 

18,000 

Hong Kong 
 All 
 
 38,913 

8,958 

29,955 

Misc. sales and support offices 
 All 
 
 66,189 

15,477 

50,712 

Total leased 

737,528 

46,828 

539,237 

151,463 

Total gross square footage 

3,535,163 

1,165,881 

1,220,520 

815,414 

333,348 

1 Segments listed in the Segment Utilization column above are identified as follows: 1) Lighting Products; 2) LED Products and 3) Wolfspeed. 
 In the United States, our corporate headquarters as well as our primary research and development and manufacturing operations are located at the Durham, North Carolina facilities that we own. These Durham facilities sit on 149 acres of land that we own. Our power and RF products are primarily produced at our owned manufacturing facility located in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina. This facility sits on 55 acres of land that we own. Domestically, our lighting products are primarily produced at our owned facility in Racine, Wisconsin, which sits on 33 acres of land that we own, and a leased facility in Durham, North Carolina. 
 LED products are produced at our owned manufacturing facilities located in Huizhou, Guangdong Province, China. We also own dormitories for housing our Chinese employees near and adjacent to the owned manufacturing facilities. The owned manufacturing facilities, dormitories, and support buildings are located on land that is leased from the Chinese government through two leases. The first land lease is for twelve acres that expires in June 2057 and supports the manufacturing facilities. The second land lease is for five acres that expires in December 2082 and is used for dormitory buildings. 
 We also maintain sales and support offices, through our subsidiaries, in leased office premises in North America, Asia, and Europe. In addition, we lease a facility in Goleta, California that is used for research and development and administrative functions. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The information required by this item is set forth under Note 13 , Commitments and Contingencies, in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Common Stock Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market and is quoted under the symbol CREE. There were 324 holders of record of our common stock as of August 18, 2017 . The following table sets forth, for the quarters indicated, the high and low closing sales prices as reported by NASDAQ. 
 
 Fiscal 2017 
 
 Fiscal 2016 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 First Quarter 
 
 28.98 

23.19 

27.56 

23.95 
 
 Second Quarter 
 27.58 

21.12 

28.16 

22.12 
 
 Third Quarter 
 28.83 

25.56 

32.44 

24.07 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 27.24 

21.70 

30.14 

22.43 

We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate that we will do so in the foreseeable future. Our credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and other lenders party thereto, contains certain dividend distribution restrictions. Applicable state laws may also limit the payment of dividends. Our present policy is to retain earnings, if any, to provide funds to invest in our business. 
 
 27 

 Table of Contents 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The following information in this Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the Exchange Act or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return on our common stock with the cumulative total returns of the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Electronic Components Index for the five-year period commencing June 24, 2012 . The stock price performance shown on the graph below is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 
 
 Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Return 
 Among Cree, Inc., the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Electronic Components Index 
 
 Assumes (1) 100 invested on June 24, 2012 in Cree, Inc. Common Stock, the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Electronic Components Index and (2) the immediate reinvestment of all dividends. 

6/24/2012 
 
 6/30/2013 
 
 6/29/2014 
 
 6/28/2015 
 
 6/26/2016 
 
 6/25/2017 
 Cree, Inc. 
 
 100.00 

261.06 

198.28 

110.43 

94.85 

100.60 
 
 NASDAQ Composite Index 
 100.00 

119.38 

156.20 

182.53 

167.12 

225.01 
 
 NASDAQ Electronic Components Index 
 100.00 

118.23 

150.86 

166.70 

163.71 

232.96 

28 

Table of Contents 

Sale of Unregistered Securities 
 There were no unregistered securities sold during fiscal 2017 . 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On August 24, 2016, our Board of Directors approved our fiscal 2017 stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase shares of common stock having an aggregate purchase price not exceeding 300 million for all purchases from August 24, 2016 through the expiration of the program on June 25, 2017. There were no shares repurchased under the stock repurchase program in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 . 
 Since the inception of our stock repurchase program in January 2001 through June 25, 2017 , we have repurchased 38.7 million shares of our common stock at an average price of 28.66 per share with an aggregate value of 1.1 billion . The repurchase program could be implemented through open market or privately negotiated transactions at the discretion of our management. 
 On June 14, 2017, our Board of Directors approved our fiscal 2018 stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase shares of common stock having an aggregate purchase price not exceeding 200 million for all purchases from June 26, 2017 through the expiration of the program on June 24, 2018. 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 The consolidated statement of (loss) income data set forth below with respect to the fiscal years ended June 25, 2017 , June 26, 2016 , and June 28, 2015 and the consolidated balance sheet data at June 25, 2017 and June 26, 2016 are derived from, and are qualified by reference to, the audited consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report and should be read in conjunction with those financial statements and notes thereto. The consolidated statement of income data for the fiscal years ended June 29, 2014 and June 30, 2013 and the consolidated balance sheet data at June 28, 2015 , June 29, 2014 , and June 30, 2013 are derived from audited consolidated financial statements not included herein. 
 Selected Consolidated Financial Data 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 June 29, 2014 
 
 June 30, 2013 
 Consolidated Statement of (Loss) Income 

Revenue, net 
 
 1,473,000 

1,616,627 

1,632,505 

1,647,641 

1,385,982 
 
 Operating (loss) income 
 (18,672) 
 
 (10,471) 
 
 (73,550) 
 
 133,236 

95,454 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (98,118) 
 
 (21,536) 
 
 (64,692) 
 
 123,490 

86,227 
 
 (Loss) earnings per share 

Basic 
 
 1.00) 

0.21) 

0.57) 

1.02 

0.74 
 
 Diluted 
 
 1.00) 

0.21) 

0.57) 

1.00 

0.73 
 
 Weighted average shares used in per share calculation: 

Basic 
 98,487 

101,783 

113,022 

120,623 

116,621 
 
 Diluted 
 98,487 

101,783 

113,022 

122,914 

117,979 

June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 June 29, 2014 
 
 June 30, 2013 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Data 

Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 
 
 610,938 

605,305 

713,191 

1,162,466 

1,023,915 
 
 Working capital 
 888,607 

933,708 

1,053,464 

1,467,236 

1,308,355 
 
 Total assets 
 2,649,867 

2,766,060 

2,948,033 

3,338,981 

3,048,062 
 
 Total long-term liabilities 
 215,039 

175,237 

231,295 

45,943 

37,061 
 
 Total shareholders equity 
 2,222,805 

2,367,824 

2,461,952 

2,986,383 

2,803,590 

29 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Executive Summary 
 The following discussion is designed to provide a better understanding of our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, including a brief discussion of our business and products, key factors that impacted our performance and a summary of our operating results. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. Historical results and percentage relationships among any amounts in the financial statements are not necessarily indicative of trends in operating results for any future periods. 
 
 Overview 
 Cree, Inc. (Cree, we, our, or us) is a leading innovator of lighting-class light emitting diode (LED) products, lighting products and wide bandgap semiconductor products for power and radio-frequency (RF) applications. Our products are targeted for applications such as indoor and outdoor lighting, video displays, transportation, electronic signs and signals, power supplies, inverters and wireless systems. As discussed more fully below, we operate in three reportable segments: Lighting Products, LED Products and Wolfspeed. 
 Our lighting products primarily consist of LED lighting systems and lamps. We design, manufacture and sell lighting fixtures and lamps for the commercial, industrial and consumer markets. 
 Our LED products consist of LED chips and LED components. Our LED products enable our customers to develop and market LED-based products for lighting, video screens, automotive and other industrial applications. 
 Our Wolfspeed business consists of silicon carbide (SiC) materials, power devices and RF devices based on wide bandgap semiconductor materials such as SiC and gallium nitride (GaN). Our materials products and power devices are used in solar, electric vehicles, motor drives, power supplies and transportation applications. Our RF devices are used in military communications, radar, satellite and telecommunication applications. 
 As discussed more fully in Note 1, Business, in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report, on July 13, 2016, we executed a definitive agreement to sell the Wolfspeed business to Infineon Technologies AG (Infineon). Beginning in July 2016, the Company classified the results of the Wolfspeed business as discontinued operations in the Company s consolidated statements of loss for all periods presented and classified the related assets and liabilities associated with the discontinued operations as held for sale in the consolidated balance sheets. On March 6, 2017, the definitive agreement with Infineon was terminated. As a result of the termination of the agreement, we have reclassified the results of the Wolfspeed business as continuing operations in our consolidated statements of loss, and presented it as a separate reportable segment, for all periods presented. Additionally, the related assets and liabilities associated with the discontinued operations were reclassified as held and used in the consolidated balance sheets for all periods presented. 
 The majority of our products are manufactured at our production facilities located in North Carolina, Wisconsin and China. We also use contract manufacturers for certain products and aspects of product fabrication, assembly and packaging. We operate research and development facilities in North Carolina, Arkansas, California, Wisconsin, India, Italy and China (including Hong Kong). 
 Cree, Inc. is a North Carolina corporation established in 1987, and our headquarters are in Durham, North Carolina. For further information about our consolidated revenue and earnings, please see our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Reportable Segments 
 Our three reportable segments are: 
 
 Lighting Products 
 
 LED Products 
 
 Wolfspeed 
 Reportable segments are components of an entity that have separate financial data that the entity s Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) regularly reviews when allocating resources and assessing performance. Our CODM is the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 30 

Our CODM does not review inter-segment transactions when evaluating segment performance and allocating resources to each segment, and inter-segment transactions are not included in our segment revenue disclosure. As such, total segment revenue is equal to our consolidated revenue. 
 Our CODM reviews gross profit as the lowest and only level of segment profit. As such, all items below gross profit in the Consolidated Statements of Loss must be included to reconcile the consolidated gross profit to our consolidated loss before income taxes. 
 For financial results by reportable segment, please refer to Note 14 , Reportable Segments, in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Industry Dynamics and Trends 
 There are a number of industry factors that affect our business which include, among others: 
 
 Overall Demand for Products and Applications using LEDs, SiC power devices and GaN RF devices. Our potential for growth depends significantly on the continued adoption of LEDs, the adoption of SiC and GaN substrate and device products in the power and RF markets, and our ability to win new designs for these applications. Demand also fluctuates based on various market cycles, continuously evolving industry supply chains, and evolving competitive dynamics in each of the respective markets. These uncertainties make demand difficult to forecast for us and our customers. 
 
 Intense and Constantly Evolving Competitive Environment. Competition in the industries we serve is intense. Many companies have made significant investments in product development and production equipment. Product pricing pressures exist as market participants often undertake pricing strategies to gain or protect market share, increase the utilization of their production capacity and open new applications to the LED, lighting, power and RF markets we serve. To remain competitive, market participants must continuously increase product performance, reduce costs and develop improved ways to serve their customers. To address these competitive pressures, we invest in research and development activities to support new product development, lower product costs and deliver higher levels of performance to differentiate our products in the market. In addition, we invest in systems, people and new processes to improve our ability to deliver a better overall experience for our customers. 
 
 Lighting Sales Channel Development. Commercial lighting is usually sold through lighting agents and distributors in the North American lighting market. The lighting agents typically have exclusive sales rights for a defined territory and are typically aligned with one large lighting company for a large percentage of their product sales. The size, quality and capability of the lighting agent has a significant effect on winning new projects and sales in a given geographic market. While these agents sell other lighting products, the large traditional lighting companies have taken steps to prevent their channel partners from selling competing product lines. We are constantly working to improve the capabilities of our existing channel partners and increase our share of their sales as well as develop new partners to improve our sales effectiveness in each geographic market. 
 
 Technological Innovation and Advancement. Innovations and advancements in LEDs, lighting and power and RF technologies continue to expand the potential commercial application for our products. However, new technologies or standards could emerge or improvements could be made in existing technologies that could reduce or limit the demand for our products in certain markets. 
 
 Intellectual Property Issues. Market participants rely on patented and non-patented proprietary information relating to product development, manufacturing capabilities and other core competencies of their business. Protection of intellectual property is critical. Therefore, steps such as additional patent applications, confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements, as well as other security measures are generally taken. To enforce or protect intellectual property rights, litigation or threatened litigation is common. 
 Fiscal 2017 Overview 
 The following is a summary of our financial results for the year ended June 25, 2017 : 
 
 Our year-over-year revenue decreased by 144 million to 1.5 billion . 
 
 Gross margin remained flat at 30 . Gross profit decreased by 53 million to 435 million . 
 
 31 

Operating loss was 19 million in fiscal 2017 compared to operating loss of 10 million in fiscal 2016 . Net loss per diluted share was 1.00 in fiscal 2017 compared to net loss per diluted share of 0.21 in fiscal 2016 . 
 
 Combined cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments remained flat at 0.6 billion at June 25, 2017 and June 26, 2016 . Cash provided by operating activities was 216 million in fiscal 2017 , compared to 203 million in fiscal 2016 . 
 
 We spent 104 million to repurchase 4.4 million shares of our common stock during fiscal 2017. 
 
 We spent 87 million on purchases of property and equipment in fiscal 2017 compared to 120 million in fiscal 2016 . 
 Business Outlook 
 While we believe that the markets for our products will remain highly competitive during fiscal 2018, we believe we are uniquely positioned as a market leading innovator in all three business segments and target growth in all three businesses over the next several years. These businesses are in different phases of their growth plans and generally operate on different market cycles. This is targeted to provide better business diversity and less cyclical results over time. 
 We are focused on the following priorities to support our goals of delivering higher revenue and profits over time: 
 
 Invest in the Wolfspeed business to increase capacity and further develop the technology to support longer term growth opportunities in SiC materials, SiC power devices and modules, and GaN RF devices. 
 
 Grow Lighting Products revenue and improve margins by investing in our channel relationships, improving execution, continuing to deliver innovative lighting solutions and by potentially acquiring complimentary businesses that are accretive to our earnings. 
 
 Grow the LED Products business by expanding our product offering with new products that leverage our market leadership to serve a larger share of existing customers LED demand, while also opening new applications for our technology. 
 
 Improve the customer experience and service levels in all of our businesses. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth certain consolidated statement of loss data for the periods indicated (in thousands, except per share amounts and percentages): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 Dollars 
 
 of Revenue 
 
 Dollars 
 
 of Revenue 
 
 Dollars 
 
 of Revenue 
 Revenue, net 
 
 1,473,000 

100 

1,616,627 

100 

1,632,505 

100 
 
 Cost of revenue, net 
 1,038,428 

70 

1,129,553 

70 

1,158,586 

71 
 
 Gross profit 
 434,572 

30 

487,074 

30 

473,919 

29 
 
 Research and development 
 158,549 

11 

168,848 

10 

182,797 

11 
 
 Sales, general and administrative 
 277,175 

19 

283,052 

18 

290,730 

18 
 
 Amortization or impairment of acquisition-related intangibles 
 27,499 

2 

28,732 

2 

26,220 

2 
 
 Loss on disposal or impairment of long-lived assets 
 2,521 

0 

16,913 

1 

47,722 

3 
 
 Wolfspeed transaction termination fee 
 (12,500) 
 
 (1) 

Operating loss 
 (18,672) 
 
 (1) 
 
 (10,471) 
 
 (1) 
 
 (73,550) 
 
 (5) 
 Non-operating income (expense), net 
 14,008 

1 

(13,035) 
 
 (1) 
 
 (10,389) 
 
 (1) 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (4,664) 

(23,506) 
 
 (1) 
 
 (83,939) 
 
 (5) 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 93,454 

6 

(1,970) 

(19,247) 
 
 (1) 
 Net loss 
 
 98,118) 
 
 (7) 

21,536) 
 
 (1) 

64,692) 
 
 (4) 
 Basic loss per share 
 
 1.00) 

0.21) 

0.57) 

Diluted loss per share 
 
 1.00) 

0.21) 

0.57) 

LED Business Restructuring 
 In June 2015, our Board of Directors approved a plan to restructure the LED Products business. The restructuring reduced excess capacity and overhead in order to improve the cost structure moving forward. The primary components of the restructuring include the planned sale or abandonment of certain manufacturing equipment, facility consolidation and the elimination of certain positions. The restructuring activity ended in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. During fiscal 2016, we realized 18.8 million in LED restructuring charges, which were partially offset by a 1.1 million gain on the sale of long-lived assets related to the restructuring which were sold for a value in excess of their estimated net realizable value during fiscal 2016. 
 The following table summarizes the actual charges incurred (in thousands): Capacity and overhead cost reductions 
 Amounts incurred during fiscal year 2015 
 
 Amounts incurred during fiscal year 2016 
 
 Cumulative amounts incurred through fiscal year 2016 
 
 Affected Line Item in the Consolidated Statements of Loss 
 Loss on disposal or impairment of long-lived assets 
 
 42,716 

15,506 

58,222 

Loss on disposal or impairment of long-lived assets 
 Severance expense 
 2,019 

264 

2,283 

Sales, general and administrative expenses 
 Lease termination and facility consolidation costs 
 1,246 

3,079 

4,325 

Sales, general and administrative expenses 
 Increase in channel inventory reserves 
 26,479 

26,479 

Revenue, net 
 Increase in inventory reserves 
 11,091 

11,091 

Cost of revenue, net 
 Total restructuring charges 
 
 83,551 

18,849 

102,400 

33 

 Table of Contents 

Revenue 
 Revenue was comprised of the following (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 Year-Over-Year Change 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 2016 to 2017 
 
 2015 to 2016 
 Lighting Products 
 
 701,467 

889,133 

906,502 

187,666) 
 
 (21) 

17,369) 
 
 (2) 
 Percent of revenue 
 48 

55 

56 

LED Products 
 550,302 

551,156 

554,987 

(854) 

(3,831) 
 
 (1) 
 Percent of revenue 
 37 

34 

34 

Wolfspeed 
 221,231 

176,338 

171,016 

44,893 

25 

5,322 

3 
 
 Percent of revenue 
 15 

11 

10 

Total revenue 
 
 1,473,000 

1,616,627 

1,632,505 

143,627) 
 
 (9) 

15,878) 
 
 (1) 

Our consolidated revenue decreased 9 to 1.5 billion in fiscal 2017 compared to 1.6 billion in fiscal 2016 . Lighting Products revenue decreased by 21 and LED Products revenue decreased slightly, while Wolfspeed revenue increased by 25 . For the fiscal year ended 2016, our consolidated revenue remained flat at 1.6 billion compared to fiscal 2015. Lighting Products revenue and LED Products revenue decreased by 2 and 1 , respectively, while Wolfspeed revenue increased by 3 . 
 Lighting Products Segment Revenue 
 Lighting Products revenue represented approximately 48 , 55 , and 56 of our total revenue for fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 respectively. Lighting Products revenue was 701.5 million , 889.1 million , and 906.5 million for fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 respectively. 
 Lighting Products revenue decreased 21 to 701.5 million in fiscal 2017 from 889.1 million in fiscal 2016 . This decrease was the result of a 15 decrease in units sold and an 11 decrease in average selling prices (ASP), partially offset by the incremental revenue associated with a patent license issuance fee in connection with a new patent license agreement. The decrease in units sold in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was due to lower sales in both our commercial and consumer channels. The decrease in ASP in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily due to lower consumer bulb prices year over year. 
 Lighting Products revenue decreased 2 to 889.1 million in fiscal 2016 from 906.5 million in fiscal 2015 . This decrease was the result of lower consumer lighting sales which offset higher commercial lighting sales. The number of units sold decreased 22 in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 due to lower consumer bulb sales and a change in mix, which was partially offset by an increase in ASP. The ASP increased 26 in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 primarily due to a higher mix of commercial lighting fixtures, which have a higher ASP than our other lighting products. 
 LED Products Segment Revenue 
 LED Products revenue represented 37 , 34 , and 34 of our total revenue for fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. LED Products revenue was 550.3 million , 551.2 million , and 555.0 million for fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. 
 LED Products revenue decreased slightly to 550.3 million in fiscal 2017 from 551.2 million in fiscal 2016 . This decrease was primarily the result of a decrease in licensing revenue mostly offset by increased product sales. The number of units sold increased 7 which was partially offset by 5 decrease in ASPs. The decrease in ASP in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was due to competitive pricing pressures. 
 LED Products revenue decreased 1 to 551.2 million in fiscal 2016 from 555.0 million in fiscal 2015 . This decrease was primarily a result of a reduction in ASP due to increased global competition for LED products which impacted both our LED chip and LED component product lines, partially offset by an increase in the overall number of units sold and an increase in license revenue associated with new patent license agreements. The ASP decreased 11 in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 and the overall number of units sold increased 12 in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. 
 Wolfspeed Segment Revenue 
 Wolfspeed revenue represented approximately 15 , 11 , and 10 of our total revenue for fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. Wolfspeed revenue was 221.2 million , 176.3 million , and 171.0 million for fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. 
 
 34 

 Table of Contents 

Wolfspeed revenue increased 25 to 221.2 million in fiscal 2017 from 176.3 million in fiscal 2016 . This increase was primarily the result of a 29 increase in the number of units sold and a 2 increase in ASP, which were partially offset by a decrease in contract revenue. The increase in units sold in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was the result of increases across all products. The increase in ASP in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily due to a greater mix of higher priced material substrate and RF device products. 
 Wolfspeed revenue increased 3 to 176.3 million in fiscal 2016 from 171.0 million in fiscal 2015 . This increase was primarily the result of higher substrate and contract revenue, partially offset by lower device sales. ASPs increased 17 in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, partially offset by a 17 decrease in the number of units sold. The increase in ASP was due to a higher substrate sale mix and a greater mix of higher priced power and RF products. The decrease in units sold was primarily the result of lower RF units sold. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Gross profit and gross margin were as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 Year-Over-Year Change 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 2016 to 2017 
 
 2015 to 2016 
 Lighting Products gross profit 
 
 196,218 

238,242 

235,542 

42,024) 
 
 (18) 

2,700 

1 
 
 Lighting Products gross margin 
 28 

27 

26 

LED Products 
 151,675 

173,814 

158,955 

(22,139) 
 
 (13) 
 
 14,859 

9 
 
 LED Products Gross Margin 
 28 

32 

29 

Wolfspeed gross profit 
 103,465 

94,622 

99,721 

8,843 

9 

(5,099) 
 
 (5) 
 Wolfspeed gross margin 
 47 

54 

58 

Unallocated costs 
 (16,786) 
 
 (19,604) 
 
 (20,299) 
 
 2,818 

(14) 
 
 695 

(3) 
 Consolidated gross profit 
 
 434,572 

487,074 

473,919 

52,502) 
 
 (11) 

13,155 

3 
 
 Consolidated gross margin 
 30 

30 

29 

Our consolidated gross profit decreased 11 to 434.6 million in fiscal 2017 from 487.1 million in fiscal 2016 . Our consolidated gross margin remained flat at 30 in fiscal 2017 and in fiscal 2016 . Our consolidated gross profit increased 3 to 487.1 million in fiscal 2016 from 473.9 million in fiscal 2015 . Our consolidated gross margin increased to 30 in fiscal 2016 from 29 in fiscal 2015 . 
 Lighting Products Segment Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Lighting Products gross profit was 196.2 million , 238.2 million , and 235.5 million in fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. Lighting Products gross margin was 28 , 27 , and 26 in fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. 
 Lighting Products gross profit decreased 18 to 196.2 million in fiscal 2017 from 238.2 million in fiscal 2016 . Lighting Products gross margin increased to 28 in fiscal 2017 from 27 in fiscal 2016 . Lighting Products gross profit decreased primarily due to lower lighting product sales, higher commercial lighting product warranty reserves, and lower factory utilization, which were partially offset by a patent license issuance fee. Lighting Products gross margin increased due to the patent license issuance fee revenue, partially offset by the higher commercial lighting product warranty reserves and lower factory utilization from lower lighting product sales. 
 Lighting Products gross profit increased 1 to 238.2 million in fiscal 2016 from 235.5 million in fiscal 2015 . Lighting Products gross margin increased to 27 in fiscal 2016 from 26 in fiscal 2015 . Lighting Products gross profit and gross margin increased due to a more favorable mix of commercial lighting fixtures and the benefit of factory cost reductions. 
 LED Products Segment Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Our LED Products gross profit was 151.7 million , 173.8 million , and 159.0 million in fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. LED Products gross margin was 28 , 32 , and 29 in fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. 
 
 35 

 Table of Contents 

LED Products gross profit decreased 13 to 151.7 million in fiscal 2017 from 173.8 million in fiscal 2016 , and LED Products gross margin decreased to 28 in fiscal 2017 from 32 in fiscal 2016 . LED Products gross profit and gross margin decreased due to lower license revenue, lower pricing resulting from the increased global competition for LED products and a less favorable mix of LED products sold. 
 LED Products gross profit increased 9 to 173.8 million in fiscal 2016 from 159.0 million in fiscal 2015 , and LED Products gross margin increased to 32 in fiscal 2016 from 29 in fiscal 2015 . LED Products gross profit and gross margin increased due to higher license revenue and higher units sold, partially offset by lower pricing. In fiscal 2015, LED Products gross profit and gross margin were negatively impacted by increases in channel inventory reserves and inventory reserves pursuant to our restructuring plan, as well as lower factory utilization resulting from lower demand and our targeted actions in the latter half of fiscal 2015 to reduce inventory balances for our LED Products segment. 
 Wolfspeed Segment Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Wolfspeed gross profit was 103.5 million , 94.6 million , and 99.7 million in fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. Wolfspeed gross margin was 47 , 54 , and 58 in fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. 
 Wolfspeed gross profit increased 9 to 103.5 million in fiscal 2017 from 94.6 million in fiscal 2016 . Wolfspeed gross margin decreased to 47 in fiscal 2017 from 54 in fiscal 2016 . Wolfspeed gross profit increased primarily due to higher revenue. Wolfspeed gross margin decreased primarily due to costs associated with new product ramp ups and changes in product mix. 
 Wolfspeed gross profit decreased 5 to 94.6 million in fiscal 2016 from 99.7 million in fiscal 2015 . Wolfspeed gross margin decreased to 54 in fiscal 2016 from 58 in fiscal 2015 . Wolfspeed gross profit and gross margin decreased primarily due to costs associated with new product ramp ups and changes in product mix. 
 Unallocated Costs 
 Unallocated costs were 16.8 million , 19.6 million , and 20.3 million for fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. These costs consisted primarily of manufacturing employees stock-based compensation, expenses for profit sharing and quarterly or annual incentive plans and matching contributions under our 401(k) plan. These costs were not allocated to the reportable segments gross profit because our CODM does not review them regularly when evaluating segment performance and allocating resources. 
 Unallocated costs decreased by 2.8 million in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 , primarily due to lower stock-based compensation incurred as a result of our lower average share price. 
 Unallocated costs decreased by 0.7 million in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 , primarily due to lower stock-based compensation incurred as a result of our lower average share price. 
 For further information on the allocation of costs to segment gross profit, refer to Note 14 , Reportable Segments, in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses include costs associated with the development of new products, enhancements of existing products and general technology research. These costs consisted primarily of employee salaries and related compensation costs, occupancy costs, consulting costs and the cost of development equipment and supplies. 
 The following sets forth our research and development expenses in dollars and as a percentage of revenue (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 Year-Over-Year Change 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 2016 to 2017 
 
 2015 to 2016 
 Research and development 
 
 158,549 

168,848 

182,797 

10,299) 
 
 (6) 

13,949) 
 
 (8) 
 Percent of revenue 
 11 

10 

11 

Research and development expenses decreased in fiscal 2017 to 158.5 million compared to 168.8 million in fiscal 2016 , which decreased from 182.8 million in fiscal 2015 . The decrease in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily due to cost management and the nature of current research and development projects. The decrease in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was primarily due to a shift in emphasis to lighting-related research and development, which is inherently less expensive than LED research and development. 
 
 36 

Our research and development expenses vary significantly from year to year based on a number of factors, including the timing of new product introductions and the number and nature of our ongoing research and development activities. 
 Sales, General and Administrative 
 Sales, general and administrative expenses were comprised primarily of costs associated with our sales and marketing personnel and our executive and administrative personnel (for example, finance, human resources, information technology and legal) and consisted of salaries and related compensation costs; consulting and other professional services (such as litigation and other outside legal counsel fees, audit and other compliance costs); marketing and advertising expenses; facilities and insurance costs; and travel and other costs. The following table sets forth our sales, general and administrative expenses in dollars and as a percentage of revenue (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 Year-Over-Year Change 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 2016 to 2017 
 
 2015 to 2016 
 Sales, general and administrative 
 
 277,175 

283,052 

290,730 

5,877) 
 
 (2) 

7,678) 
 
 (3) 
 Percent of revenue 
 19 

18 

18 

Sales, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2017 decreased 2 to 277.2 million from 283.1 million in fiscal 2016 , which was a 3 decrease from 290.7 million in fiscal 2015 . The decrease in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily due to lower spending on corporate sales and marketing expenses related to lower sales and a decrease in litigation spending partially offset by higher Wolfspeed transaction expenses. The decrease in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was primarily due to lower spending on corporate sales and marketing expenses related to lower sales, partially offset by an increase in legal fees associated with intellectual property protection and enforcement. 
 Amortization or Impairment of Acquisition-Related Intangibles 
 As a result of our acquisitions, we have recognized various amortizable intangible assets, including customer relationships, developed technology, non-compete agreements and trade names. 
 Amortization of intangible assets related to our acquisitions was as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 Year-Over-Year Change 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 2016 to 2017 
 
 2015 to 2016 
 Customer relationships 
 
 6,235 

6,374 

5,614 

139) 
 
 (2) 

760 

14 
 
 Developed technology 
 20,860 

20,321 

18,642 

539 

3 

1,679 

9 
 
 Non-compete agreements 
 404 

2,037 

1,960 

(1,633) 
 
 (80) 
 
 77 

4 
 
 Trade names, finite-lived 

4 

(4) 
 
 (100) 
 Total 
 
 27,499 

28,732 

26,220 

1,233) 
 
 (4) 

2,512 

10 

Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles decreased in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 primarily due to less amortization expense for customer relationships and non-compete agreements in fiscal 2017. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in the amortization of developed technology related to the acquisition of Arkansas Power Electronics International, Inc. (APEI) that was placed in service in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles increased in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 primarily due to the amortization of intangibles related to the APEI acquisition as discussed in Note 3, Acquisition, in our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 37 

Loss on Disposal or Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 We operate a capital intensive business. As such, we dispose of a certain level of our equipment in the normal course of business as our production processes change due to production improvement initiatives or product mix changes. Due to the risk of technological obsolescence or changes in our production process, we regularly review our equipment and capitalized patent costs for possible impairment. The following table sets forth our loss on disposal or impairment of long-lived assets (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 Year-Over-Year Change 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 2016 to 2017 
 
 2015 to 2016 
 Loss on disposal or impairment of long-lived assets 
 
 2,521 

16,913 

47,722 

14,392) 
 
 (85) 

30,809) 
 
 (65) 

We recognized a net loss of 2.5 million , 16.9 million , and 47.7 million on the disposal of long-lived assets in fiscal years 2017 , 2016 , and 2015 , respectively. The decrease in net loss in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily due to the planned sale or abandonment of certain long-lived assets in fiscal 2016 to reduce excess manufacturing capacity pursuant to our restructuring plan discussed above. The net losses in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 were primarily due to the planned sale or abandonment of certain long-lived assets to reduce excess manufacturing capacity pursuant to our restructuring plan discussed above. 
 Wolfspeed Transaction Termination Fee 
 As discussed more fully in Note 1, Business, in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report, as a result of the termination of the agreement to sell the Wolfspeed business to Infineon, Infineon paid us a termination fee of 12.5 million in cash on March 10, 2017. 
 Non-Operating Income (Expense), net 
 The following table sets forth our non-operating income (expense), net (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 Year-Over-Year Change 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 2016 to 2017 
 
 2015 to 2016 
 Gain on sale of investments, net 
 
 93 

238 

925 

145) 
 
 (61) 

687) 
 
 (74) 
 Gain (loss) on equity investment 
 7,543 

(15,357) 
 
 (22,624) 
 
 22,900 

(149) 
 
 7,267 

(32) 
 Dividends from equity investment 
 16 

1,655 

2,581 

(1,639) 
 
 (99) 
 
 (926) 
 
 (36) 
 Interest income, net 
 3,696 

4,472 

9,086 

(776) 
 
 (17) 
 
 (4,614) 
 
 (51) 
 Foreign currency gain (loss), net 
 2,460 

(4,500) 
 
 (929) 
 
 6,960 

(155) 
 
 (3,571) 
 
 384 
 
 Other, net 
 200 

457 

572 

(257) 
 
 (56) 
 
 (115) 
 
 (20) 
 Non-operating income (expense), net 
 
 14,008 

13,035) 

10,389) 

27,043 

(207) 

2,646) 
 
 25 

During fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , we were in a net interest income position. Our short-term investments consisted primarily of municipal bonds, corporate bonds, U.S. agency securities, non-U.S. certificates of deposit and non-U.S. government securities. The primary objective of our investment policy is preservation of principal. Other long-term investments consisted of our approximately 15 common stock ownership interest in Lextar Electronics Corporation (Lextar), which was completed in December 2014. This investment was accounted for under the equity method from the date of investment until June 2016 when we chose for our representative not to stand for re-election as a member of the Lextar board of directors. We utilize the fair value option in accounting for our investment in Lextar. 
 Gain on sale of investments, net . Gain on sale of investments, net was 93 thousand , 238 thousand and 925 thousand in fiscal 2017 , fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 , respectively. Gain on sale of investments, net decreased in fiscal 2017 primarily due to lower sales of investments. Gain on sale of investments, net decreased in fiscal 2016 primarily due to lower sales of investments. 
 
 38 

Gain (loss) on equity investment . Gain on equity investment was 7.5 million in fiscal 2017 and loss on equity investment was 15.4 million and 22.6 million in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 , respectively. We had a gain on equity investment in fiscal 2017 due to the increase in the fair value of our Lextar investment. We had a loss on equity investment in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 due to decreases in the fair value of our Lextar investment. Lextar s stock is publicly traded on the Taiwan Stock Exchange and its share price increased from 15.70 New Taiwanese Dollars (TWD) at June 26, 2016 to 18.40 TWD at June 25, 2017. Lextar's share price declined from 30 TWD at the date of our investment in December 2014 to 21.55 TWD at June 28, 2015 and to 15.70 TWD at June 26, 2016. This volatile stock price trend may continue in the future given the risks inherent in Lextar s business and trends affecting the Taiwan and global equity markets. Any future stock price changes will be recorded as further gains or losses on equity investment based on the increase or decrease, respectively, in the fair value of the investment during the applicable fiscal period. Further losses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Dividends from equity investment . Dividends from equity investment were 0.0 million , 1.7 million and 2.6 million in fiscal 2017 , fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 , respectively, due to our Lextar investment. 
 Interest income, net . Interest income, net was 3.7 million , 4.5 million and 9.1 million in fiscal 2017 , fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 , respectively. The decrease in interest income, net in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily due to lower invested balances and higher interest expense due to overall higher borrowings associated with our line of credit, partially offset by higher investment yields. The decrease in interest income, net in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was primarily due to lower invested balances and higher interest expense due to overall higher borrowings associated with our line of credit, partially offset by higher investment yields. 
 Foreign currency gain (loss), net . Foreign currency gain (loss), net consisted primarily of remeasurement adjustments resulting from our Lextar investment and consolidating our international subsidiaries. The foreign currency gain, net in fiscal 2017 was primarily due to favorable fluctuations in the exchange rate between both the Chinese Yuan and the Euro and the United States Dollar which was partially offset by an unfavorable fluctuation in the exchange rate between the TWD and the United States Dollar related to our Lextar investment. The foreign currency loss, net in fiscal 2016 was primarily due to unfavorable fluctuation in the exchange rate between the TWD and the United States Dollar related to our Lextar investment and unfavorable fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Chinese Yuan and the United States Dollar. The foreign currency gain, net for fiscal 2015 was primarily due to unfavorable fluctuation in the exchange rate between the TWD and the United States Dollar related to our Lextar investment and unfavorable fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Euro and the United States Dollar. 
 Other, net . Other, net was 200 thousand , 457 thousand and 572 thousand in fiscal 2017 , fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 , respectively. 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 The following table sets forth our income tax expense (benefit) in dollars and our effective tax rate (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 Year-Over-Year Change 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 2016 to 2017 
 
 2015 to 2016 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 93,454 

1,970) 

19,247) 
 
 95,424 

(4,844) 
 
 17,277 

(90) 
 Effective tax rate 
 (2,004) 
 
 8 

23 

We recognized income tax expense of 93.5 million in fiscal 2017 as compared to income tax benefit of 2.0 million in fiscal 2016 . The decrease in the effective tax rate from 8 in fiscal 2016 to (2,004) in fiscal 2017 was due to the establishment of a valuation allowance against our U.S. deferred tax assets and other deferred charges in a period of a pre-tax loss, as discussed more fully in Note 12 Income Taxes to our audited financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. The decrease in the effective tax rate from 23 in fiscal 2015 to 8 in fiscal 2016 was primarily due to the establishment of a valuation allowance on foreign net operating loss carryovers during fiscal 2016. 
 The variation between our effective income tax rate and the U.S. statutory rate of 35 percent is due to: (i) changes in our valuation allowances against deferred tax assets in the U.S. and Luxembourg, (ii) income derived from international locations with lower tax rates than the U.S., and (iii) tax credits generated. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 We require cash to fund our operating expenses and working capital requirements, including outlays for research and development, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions and investments. Our principal sources of liquidity are cash on hand, marketable securities, cash generated from operations and availability under our line of credit. Our ability to generate cash from operations has been one of our fundamental strengths and has provided us with substantial flexibility in meeting our operating, financing and investing needs. We have a 500 million line of credit as discussed in Note 8 , Long-term Debt, in our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. The purpose of this facility is to provide short term flexibility to optimize returns on our cash and investment portfolio while funding share repurchases, capital expenditures and other general business needs. 
 Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe our current working capital, availability under our line of credit and anticipated cash flows from operations will be adequate to meet our cash needs for our daily operations and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. We may use a portion of our available cash and cash equivalents, line of credit or funds underlying our marketable securities to repurchase shares of our common stock pursuant to repurchase programs authorized by our Board of Directors. With our strong working capital position, we believe that we have the ability to continue to invest in further development of our products and, when necessary or appropriate, make selective acquisitions or other strategic investments to strengthen our product portfolio, secure key intellectual properties or expand our production capacity. 
 From time to time, we evaluate strategic opportunities, including potential acquisitions, joint ventures, divestitures, spin-offs or investments in complementary businesses, and we anticipate continuing to make such evaluations. We may also access capital markets through the issuance of debt or additional shares of common stock in connection with the acquisition of complementary businesses or other significant assets or for other strategic opportunities. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 At June 25, 2017 , payments to be made pursuant to significant contractual obligations are as follows (in thousands): 

Payments Due by Period 
 
 Total 
 
 Less than One Year 
 
 One to Three Years 
 
 Three to Five Years 
 
 More Than Five Years 
 Operating lease obligations 
 
 14,462 

4,905 

6,256 

2,042 

1,259 
 
 Purchase obligations 
 124,733 

111,576 

4,374 

4,058 

4,725 
 
 Long-term debt 
 145,000 

145,000 

Interest payments on long-term debt 1 
 11,012 

3,031 

6,062 

1,919 

Other long-term liabilities 2 

Total contractual obligations 
 
 295,207 

119,512 

161,692 

8,019 

5,984 

1 Interest payments on long-term debt are based on the interest rate at June 25, 2017 . 
 2 Other long-term liabilities as of June 25, 2017 included long-term tax contingencies and other tax liabilities of 49.9 million , deferred liabilities of 0.4 million and other long-term contingent liabilities (for example, warranties) of 19.8 million . These liabilities were not included in the table above as they will either not be settled in cash and/or the timing of any payments is uncertain. 
 Operating lease obligations include rental amounts due on leases of certain office and manufacturing space under the terms of non-cancelable operating leases. These leases expire at various times through April 2024 . Most of the lease agreements provide for rental adjustments for increases in base rent, property taxes and general property maintenance that would be recognized as rent expense, if applicable. 
 Purchase obligations represent purchase commitments, including open purchase orders and contracts, and are generally related to the purchase of goods and services in the ordinary course of business such as raw materials, supplies and capital equipment. 
 
 40 

 Table of Contents 

Financial Condition 
 The following table sets forth our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments (in thousands): 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 Change 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 132,597 

166,154 

33,557) 
 Short-term investments 
 478,341 

439,151 

39,190 
 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 
 
 610,938 

605,305 

5,633 

Our liquidity and capital resources primarily depend on our cash flows from operations and our working capital. The significant components of our working capital are liquid assets such as cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts receivable and inventories reduced by trade accounts payable. 
 The following table presents the components of our cash conversion cycle: 
 
 Three Months Ended 

June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 Change 
 Days of sales outstanding (a) 
 37 

38 

(1) 
 Days of supply in inventory (b) 
 98 

99 

(1) 
 Days in accounts payable (c) 
 (46) 
 
 (43) 
 
 (3) 
 Cash conversion cycle 
 89 

94 

(5) 

a) 
 Days of sales outstanding (DSO) measures the average collection period of our receivables. DSO is based on the ending net trade receivables and the revenue, net for the quarter then ended. DSO is calculated by dividing ending accounts receivable, net of applicable allowances and reserves, by the average net revenue per day for the respective 90 day period. 
 b) 
 Days of supply in inventory (DSI) measures the average number of days from procurement to sale of our product. DSI is based on ending inventory and cost of revenue, net for the quarter then ended. DSI is calculated by dividing ending inventory by average cost of revenue, net per day for the respective 90 day period. 
 c) 
 Days in accounts payable (DPO) measures the average number of days our payables remain outstanding before payment. DPO is based on ending accounts payable and cost of revenue, net for the quarter then ended. DPO is calculated by dividing ending accounts payable by the average cost of revenue, net per day for the respective 90 day period. 
 The decrease in the cash conversion cycle was primarily driven by an increase in days in accounts payable and decreases in days of sales outstanding and in days of supply in inventory. 
 As of June 25, 2017 , we had unrealized losses on our investments of 0.3 million . All of our investments had investment grade ratings, and any such investments that were in an unrealized loss position at June 25, 2017 were in such position due to interest rate changes, sector credit rating changes or company-specific rating changes. As we intend and believe that we have the ability to hold such investments for a period of time that will be sufficient for anticipated recovery in market value, we currently expect to receive the full principal or recover our cost basis in these securities. The declines in value of the securities in our portfolio are considered to be temporary in nature and, accordingly, we do not believe these securities are impaired as of June 25, 2017 . 
 
 41 

 Table of Contents 

Cash Flows 
 In summary, our cash flows were as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 Year-Over-Year Change 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 2016 to 2017 
 
 2015 to 2016 
 Cash provided by operating activities 
 
 215,900 

203,316 

181,254 

12,584 

22,062 
 
 Cash used in investing activities 
 (145,250) 
 
 (7,903) 
 
 (16,137) 
 
 (137,347) 
 
 8,234 
 
 Cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (104,078) 
 
 (167,859) 
 
 (311,353) 
 
 63,781 

143,494 
 
 Effect of foreign exchange changes 
 (129) 
 
 (1,110) 
 
 (878) 
 
 981 

(232) 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 33,557) 

26,444 

147,114) 

60,001) 

173,558 

The following is a discussion of our primary sources and uses of cash in our operating, investing and financing activities. 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased to 215.9 million in fiscal 2017 from 203.3 million in fiscal 2016 , primarily due to cash generated from working capital, partially offset by a higher net loss in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016 . Net cash provided by operating activities increased to 203.3 million in fiscal 2016 from 181.3 million in fiscal 2015 , primarily due to a lower net loss in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015 . 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Our investing activities primarily relate to transactions within our short-term investments, purchases of property and equipment and payments for patents and licensing rights. Net cash used in investing activities was 145.3 million in fiscal 2017 compared to 7.9 million in fiscal 2016 . Purchases of property, equipment and patent rights decreased by 35.1 million in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 . Net purchases of short-term investments increased 181.1 million in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 . This year over year increase was primarily due to a decrease in proceeds from the sale and maturities of short-term investments, partially offset by a decrease in short-term investment purchase activity. Fiscal 2016 included 12.5 million in net expenditures to acquire APEI. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 7.9 million in fiscal 2016 compared to 16.1 million in fiscal 2015 . Purchases of property, equipment and patent rights decreased by 91.2 million in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 . Net proceeds from the sale of short-term investments decreased 156 million in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 . This year over year decrease was primarily due to a decrease in proceeds from the sale and maturities of short-term investments, partially offset by a decrease in short-term investment purchase activity. Fiscal 2016 included 12.5 million in net expenditures to acquire APEI while fiscal 2015 included the 80.6 million investment in Lextar. 
 For fiscal 2018 , we target approximately 220 million of capital investment, which is primarily related to infrastructure projects to support our longer term growth and strategic priorities. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 104.1 million in fiscal 2017 compared to net cash used by financing activities of 167.9 million in fiscal 2016 . Our financing activities for fiscal 2017 primarily consisted of repurchases of common stock of 104.0 million and net payments on long-term debt borrowings of 15.0 million on our line of credit, partially offset by proceeds of 17.7 million from net issuances of common stock pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options and purchases under our employee stock purchase plan, including the excess tax benefit on those exercises. Fiscal 2017 included payment of 2.8 million in acquisition-related contingent consideration related to our fiscal 2016 acquisition of APEI. 
 In fiscal 2016 , net cash used in financing activities was 167.9 million compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 311.4 million in fiscal 2015 . Our financing activities in fiscal 2016 primarily consisted of repurchases of common stock of 149.6 million and net payments on long-term borrowings of 40.0 million on our line of credit, partially offset by proceeds of 21.7 million from net issuances of common stock pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options and purchases under our employee stock purchase plan, including the excess tax benefit on those exercises. 
 
 42 

 Table of Contents 

On August 24, 2016, the Board of Directors approved our fiscal 2017 stock repurchase program, authorizing us to repurchase shares of our common stock having an aggregate purchase price not exceeding 300 million for all purchases from August 24, 2016 through the expiration of the program on June 25, 2017. 
 On June 14, 2017, the Board of Directors approved our fiscal 2018 stock repurchase program, authorizing us to repurchase shares of our common stock having an aggregate purchase price not exceeding 200 million for all purchases from June 26, 2017 through the expiration of the program on June 24, 2018 . Since the inception of our stock repurchase program in 2001, we have repurchased 38.7 million shares of our common stock at an average price of 28.66 per share with an aggregate value of 1.1 billion . The repurchase program may be implemented through open market or privately negotiated transactions at the discretion of our management. 
 
 Fair Value 
 Under U.S. GAAP, fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In determining fair value, we use various valuation approaches, including quoted market prices and discounted cash flows. U.S. GAAP also establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are obtained from independent sources and can be validated by a third party, whereas unobservable inputs reflect assumptions regarding what a third party would use in pricing an asset or liability. The fair value hierarchy is categorized into three levels based on the reliability of inputs as follows: 
 
 Level 1 - Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments that we are able to access. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these products does not entail a significant degree of judgment. 
 
 Level 2 - Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for instruments that are similar, or quoted prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar instruments, and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets. 
 
 Level 3 - Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 
 The financial assets for which we perform recurring fair value remeasurements are cash equivalents and short-term investments. As of June 25, 2017 , financial assets utilizing Level 1 inputs included money market funds. Financial assets utilizing Level 2 inputs included municipal bonds, corporate bonds, non-U.S. certificates of deposit, commercial paper, and common stock of non-U.S. corporations . Level 2 assets are valued using a third-party pricing service's consensus price which is a weighted average price based on multiple sources. These sources determine prices utilizing market income models which factor in, where applicable, transactions of similar assets in active markets, transactions of identical assets in infrequent markets, interest rates, bond or credit default swap spreads and volatility. We do not have any financial assets requiring the use of Level 3 inputs. Please refer to Note 6 , Fair Value of Financial Instruments, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report for further information. 
 Financial and Market Risks 
 We are exposed to financial and market risks, including changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodities risk. We have entered and may in the future enter into foreign currency derivative financial instruments in an effort to manage or hedge some of our foreign exchange rate risk. We may not be able to engage in hedging transactions in the future, and even if we do, foreign currency fluctuations may still have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial performance. All of the potential changes noted below are based on sensitivity analysis performed on our financial positions at June 25, 2017 and June 26, 2016 . Actual results may differ materially. 
 Interest Rates 
 We maintain an investment portfolio principally composed of money market funds, municipal bonds, corporate bonds, commercial paper and certificates of deposit . In order to minimize risk, our cash management policy permits us to acquire investments rated A grade or better. As of June 25, 2017 and June 26, 2016 , our cash equivalents and short-term investments had a fair value of 482.1 million and 439.9 million , respectively. If interest rates were to hypothetically increase by 100 basis points, the fair value of our cash equivalents and short-term investments would decrease by 8.8 million at June 25, 2017 and 9.6 million at June 26, 2016 . We do not believe that a 10 change in interest rates would have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 43 

 Table of Contents 

As of June 25, 2017 , we maintained a secured revolving line of credit under which we can borrow, repay and reborrow loans from time to time prior to its scheduled maturity date of January 9, 2020. At June 25, 2017 and June 26, 2016 , we had 145 million and 160 million outstanding, respectively, under the line of credit. If interest rates were to increase by 100 basis points, the annual interest incurred under our line of credit would have increased by 1.5 million at June 25, 2017 and 1.6 million at June 26, 2016 . 
 Currency Exchange Rates 
 Because we operate internationally and have transactions denominated in foreign currencies, including the Chinese Yuan and Euro, among others, we are exposed to currency exchange rate risks. As a result, fluctuations in exchange rates may adversely affect our expenses and results of operations as well as the value of our assets and liabilities. Our primary exposures relate to the exchange rates between (1) the U.S. Dollar and the Chinese Yuan and (2) the U.S. Dollar and the Taiwanese Dollar. A hypothetical 10 increase in the value of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Chinese Yuan would result in a potential gain of approximately 0.4 million at June 25, 2017 and a potential loss of 1.0 million at June 26, 2016 . The potential loss in fair value resulting from a hypothetical 10 increase in the value of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Taiwanese Dollar was approximately 5.0 million at June 25, 2017 and 4.2 million at June 26, 2016 . 
 Commodities 
 We utilize significant amounts of precious metals, gases and other commodities in our manufacturing processes. General economic conditions, market specific changes or other factors outside of our control may affect the pricing of these commodities. We do not use financial instruments to hedge commodity prices. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not use off-balance sheet arrangements with unconsolidated entities or related parties, nor do we use any other forms of off-balance sheet arrangements. Accordingly, our liquidity and capital resources are not subject to off-balance sheet risks from unconsolidated entities. As of June 25, 2017 , we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of SEC Regulation S-K. 
 We have entered into operating leases primarily for certain of our U.S. and international facilities in the normal course of business. Future minimum lease payments under our operating leases as of June 25, 2017 are detailed above in Liquidity and Capital Resources in the section entitled Contractual Obligations. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In the application of U.S. GAAP, we are required to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. Changes in the accounting estimates from period to period are reasonably likely to occur. Accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by management. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation of our financial condition or results of operations may be affected. 
 We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including those related to revenue recognition, product warranty obligations, valuation of inventories, tax related contingencies, valuation of stock-based compensation, valuation of long-lived and intangible assets, other contingencies and litigation, among others. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions, including expected trends that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. 
 Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2 , Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. We believe that the following are our most critical accounting policies and estimates, each of which is critical to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and requires our most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. Our management has reviewed our critical accounting policies and the related disclosures with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize product revenue when the earnings process is complete, as evidenced by persuasive evidence of an arrangement (typically in the form of a purchase order), when the sales price is fixed or determinable, collection of revenue is reasonably assured, and title and risk of loss have passed to the customer. 
 
 44 

 Table of Contents 

We provide our customers with limited rights of return for non-conforming shipments and product warranty claims. We estimate an allowance for anticipated sales returns based upon an analysis of historical sales returns and other relevant data. We recognize an allowance for non-conforming returns at the time of sale as a reduction of product revenue and as a reduction to the related accounts receivable balance. We recognize a liability for product warranty claims at the time of sale as an increase to cost of revenue. 
 For the year ended June 25, 2017 , 56 of our revenue was from sales to distributors. Distributors stock inventory and sell our products to their own customer base, which may include: value added resellers; manufacturers who incorporate our products into their own manufactured goods; or ultimate end users of our products. We recognize revenue upon shipment of our products to our distributors. This arrangement is often referred to as a sell-in or point-of-purchase model as opposed to a sell-through or point-of-sale model, where revenue is deferred and not recognized until the distributor sells the product through to their customer. 
 Our distributors may be provided limited rights that allow them to return a portion of inventory (product exchange rights or stock rotation rights) and receive credits for changes in selling prices (price protection rights) or customer pricing arrangements under our ship and debit program or other targeted sales incentives. When determining our net revenue, we make significant judgments and estimates corresponding with product shipments. We recognize a reserve for estimated future returns, changes in selling prices, and other targeted sales incentives when product ships. We also recognize an asset for the estimated value of product returns that we believe will be returned to inventory in the future and resold, and these estimates are based upon historical data, current economic trends, distributor inventory levels and other related factors. Our financial condition and operating results are dependent upon our ability to make reliable estimates. Actual results may vary and could have a significant impact on our operating results. 
 From time to time, we will issue a new price book for our products, and provide a credit to certain distributors for inventory quantities on hand if required by our agreement with the distributor. This practice is known as price protection. These credits are applied against the reserve that we establish upon initial shipment of product to the distributor. 
 Under the ship and debit program, products are sold to distributors at negotiated prices and the distributors are required to pay for the products purchased within our standard commercial terms. Subsequent to the initial product purchase, a distributor may request a price allowance for a particular part number(s) for certain target customers, prior to the distributor reselling the particular part to that customer. If we approve an allowance and the distributor resells the product to the target customer, we credit the distributor according to the allowance we approved. These credits are applied against a reserve we establish upon initial shipment of product to the distributor. 
 In addition, we run sales incentive programs with certain distributors and retailers, such as product rebates and cooperative advertising campaigns. We recognize these incentives at the time they are offered to customers and record a credit to their account with an offsetting expense as either a reduction to revenue, increase to cost of revenue, or marketing expense depending on the type of sales incentive. 
 Warranties 
 Product warranties are estimated and recognized at the time we recognize revenue. The warranty periods range from 90 days to 10 years . We estimate these warranty liabilities at the time of sale, based on historical and projected incident rates and expected future warranty costs. We estimate costs related to product recalls based on a formal campaign soliciting repair or return of that product when they are deemed probable and reasonably estimable. We evaluate our warranty reserves on a quarterly basis based on various factors including historical warranty claims, assumptions about the frequency of warranty claims, and assumptions about the frequency of product failures derived from quality testing, field monitoring and our reliability estimates. Actual product failure rates that materially differ from our estimates could have a significant impact on our operating results. 
 
 45 

 Table of Contents 

Inventories 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market, with cost determined on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) method or an average cost method; and with market not to exceed net realizable value. We write-down our inventories for estimated obsolescence equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and its estimated market value based upon an aging analysis of the inventory on hand, specifically known inventory-related risks (such as technological obsolescence), and assumptions about future demand. We also analyze sales levels by product type, including historical and estimated future customer demand for those products to determine if any additional reserves are appropriate. For example, we adjust for items that are considered obsolete based upon changes in customer demand, manufacturing process changes or new product introductions that may eliminate demand for the product. Any adjustment to our inventories as a result of an estimated obsolescence or net realizable condition is reflected as a component of our cost of revenue. At the point of the loss recognition, a new, lower-cost basis for that inventory is established, and any subsequent improvements in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established lower-cost basis. 
 In order to determine what costs can be included in the valuation of inventories, we determine normal capacity for our manufacturing facilities based on historical patterns. If our estimates regarding customer demand are inaccurate, or market conditions or technology change in ways that are less favorable than those projected by management, we may be required to take excess capacity charges in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 
 Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowances 
 In assessing the adequacy of a recognized valuation allowance, we consider all available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to utilize the existing deferred tax assets by jurisdiction. This consideration includes a variety of factors such as historical and projected future taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. When we establish or increase a valuation allowance, our income tax expense increases in the period such determination is made. If we decrease a valuation allowance, our income tax expense decreases in the period such a determination is made. 
 Tax Contingencies 
 We are subject to periodic audits of our income tax returns by federal, state, local and foreign agencies. These audits typically include questions regarding our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740, Income Taxes (ASC 740), we regularly evaluate the exposures associated with our various tax filing positions. ASC 740 states that a tax benefit should not be recognized for financial statement purposes for an uncertain tax filing position where it is not more likely than not (likelihood of greater than 50 for being sustained by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. 
 In accordance with the provisions of ASC 740, we have established unrecognized tax benefits (as a reduction to the deferred tax asset or as an increase to other liabilities) to reduce some or all of the tax benefit of any of our tax positions at the time we determine that the positions become uncertain based upon one of the following: the tax position is not more likely than not to be sustained; the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained, but for a lesser amount; or the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained, but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken. For purposes of evaluating whether or not a tax position is uncertain, we presume the tax position will be examined by the relevant taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information; the technical merits of a tax position are derived from authorities such as legislation and statutes, legislative intent, regulations, rulings and case law and their applicability to the facts and circumstances of the tax position; and each tax position is evaluated without consideration of the possibility of offset or aggregation with other tax positions taken. We adjust these unrecognized tax benefits, including any impact on the related interest and penalties, in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit. 
 A number of years may elapse before a particular matter for which we have established an unrecognized tax benefit is audited and fully resolved. To the extent we prevail in matters for which we have established an unrecognized benefit or are required to pay amounts in excess of what we have recognized, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. An unfavorable tax settlement might require use of our cash and/or result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the year of resolution. A favorable tax settlement would be recognized as a reduction in our effective tax rate in the year of resolution. 
 
 46 

 Table of Contents 

Stock-Based Compensation 
 We account for awards of stock-based compensation under our employee stock-based compensation plans using the fair value method. Accordingly, we estimate the grant date fair value of our stock-based awards and amortize this fair value to compensation expense over the requisite service period or vesting term. We currently use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of our stock option and Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) awards. The determination of the fair value of stock-based awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model is affected by our then current stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, the risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. 
 Due to the inherent limitations of option-valuation models, future events that are unpredictable and the estimation process utilized in determining the valuation of the stock-based awards, the ultimate value realized by award holders may vary significantly from the amounts expensed in our financial statements. For restricted stock and stock unit awards, grant date fair value is based upon the market price of our common stock on the date of the grant. This fair value is then amortized to compensation expense over the requisite service period or vesting term. 
 We estimate expected forfeitures at the time of grant and revise this estimate, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates. Our determination of an estimated forfeiture rate is primarily based upon a review of historical experience but may also include consideration of other facts and circumstances we believe are indicative of future activity. The assessment of an estimated forfeiture rate will not alter the total compensation expense to be recognized, only the timing of this recognition as compensation expense is adjusted to reflect instruments that actually vest. 
 If actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and judgments used in estimating key assumptions, we may be required to adjust compensation expense, which could be material to our results of operations. 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 We evaluate long-lived assets such as property, equipment and finite-lived intangible assets, such as patents, for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets recognized in our financial statements may not be recoverable. Factors that we consider include whether there has been a significant decrease in the market value of an asset, a significant change in the way an asset is being used, or a significant change, delay or departure in our strategy for that asset. Our assessment of the recoverability of long-lived assets involves significant judgment and estimation. These assessments reflect our assumptions, which, we believe, are consistent with the assumptions hypothetical marketplace participants use. Factors that we must estimate when performing recoverability and impairment tests include, among others, the economic life of the asset, sales volumes, prices, cost of capital, tax rates, and capital spending. These factors are often interdependent and therefore do not change in isolation. If impairment is indicated, we first determine if the total estimated future cash flows on an undiscounted basis are less than the carrying amounts of the asset or assets. If so, an impairment loss is measured and recognized. 
 After an impairment loss is recognized, a new, lower cost basis for that long-lived asset is established. Subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the reversal of a previously recognized impairment loss. 
 Our impairment loss calculations require that we apply judgment in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, including estimating useful lives of the assets. To make these judgments, we may use internal discounted cash flow estimates, quoted market prices when available and independent appraisals as appropriate to determine fair value. 
 If actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and judgments used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be required to recognize additional impairment losses which could be material to our results of operations. 
 Goodwill 
 We test goodwill for impairment at least annually as of the first day of the fiscal fourth quarter, or when indications of potential impairment exist. We monitor for the existence of potential impairment indicators throughout the fiscal year. We conduct impairment testing for goodwill at the reporting unit level. Reporting units, as defined by FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (ASC 350), may be operating segments as a whole or an operation one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. We have determined that our reporting units are our three operating and reportable seg ments. 
 
 47 

 Table of Contents 

We may initiate goodwill impairment testing by considering qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit s carrying value is greater than its fair value. Such factors may include the following, among others: a significant decline in the reporting unit s expected future cash flows; a sustained, significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate, unanticipated competition; and slower growth rates; as well as changes in management, key personnel, strategy, and customers. If our qualitative assessment indicates that goodwill impairment is more likely than not, we perform the two-step impairment test. Alternatively, we may bypass the qualitative test and initiate goodwill impairment testing with the first step of the two-step goodwill impairment test. 
 During the first step of the goodwill impairment test, we compare the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. We derive a reporting unit s fair value through a combination of the market approach (a guideline transaction method) and the income approach (a discounted cash flow analysis). The income approach utilizes a discount rate from the capital asset pricing model. If all reporting units are analyzed during the first step of the goodwill impairment test, their respective fair values are reconciled back to our consolidated market capitalization. 
 If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, then we conclude that no goodwill impairment has occurred. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we perform the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure possible goodwill impairment loss. During the second step, we hypothetically value the reporting unit s tangible and intangible assets and liabilities as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination. Then, the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill is compared to the carrying value of its goodwill. If the carrying value of the reporting unit s goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, we recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to the excess, not to exceed the carrying value of the reporting unit s goodwill. Once an impairment loss is recognized, the adjusted carrying value of the goodwill becomes the new accounting basis of the goodwill for the reporting unit. 
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 We test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually in the fiscal fourth quarter, or when indications of potential impairment exist. We monitor for the existence of potential impairment indicators throughout the fiscal year. Our impairment test may begin with a qualitative test to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset s carrying value is greater than its fair value. In performing this test, we may consider the following qualitative factors, among others: a significant decline in expected future cash flows; changes in industry and market conditions such as the deterioration in the environment in which we operate or an increased competitive environment; changes in management, key personnel, strategy, or customers; as well as other economic factors. If our qualitative assessment indicates that asset impairment is more likely than not, we perform a quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying value. Alternatively, we may bypass the qualitative test and initiate impairment testing with the quantitative impairment test. 
 Determining the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets entails significant estimates and assumptions including, but not limited to, determining the timing and expected costs to complete development projects, estimating future cash flows from product revenue, developing appropriate discount rates, estimating probability rates for the successful completion of development projects, continuation of customer relationships and renewal of customer contracts, and approximating the useful lives of the intangible assets acquired. 
 If the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its carrying value, we conclude that no impairment has occurred. If the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, we recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to the excess, not to exceed the carrying value. Once an impairment loss is recognized, the adjusted carrying value becomes the new accounting basis of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. 
 Contingent Liabilities 
 We provide for contingent liabilities in accordance with U.S. GAAP, under which a loss contingency is charged to income when (1) it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred at the date of the financial statements, and (2) the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. 
 
 48 

 Table of Contents 

Periodically, we review the status of each significant matter to assess the potential financial exposure. If a potential loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we reflect the estimated loss in our results of operations. Significant judgment is required to determine the probability that a liability has been incurred or an asset impaired and whether such loss is reasonably estimable. Because of uncertainties related to these matters, accruals are based on the best information available at the time. Further, estimates of this nature are highly subjective, and the final outcome of these matters could vary significantly from the amounts that may have been included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. In determining the probability of an unfavorable outcome of a particular contingent liability and whether such liability is reasonably estimable, we consider the individual facts and circumstances related to the liability, opinions of legal counsel and recent legal rulings by the appropriate regulatory bodies, among other factors. As additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to our pending and threatened claims and litigation and may revise our estimates accordingly. Such revisions in the estimates of the potential liabilities could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. See also a discussion of specific contingencies in Note 13 , Commitments and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 , Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 See the section entitled Financial and Market Risks included in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of this Annual Report. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 51 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 25, 2017 and June 26, 2016 
 52 

Consolidated Statements of Loss for the years ended June 25, 2017, June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 
 53 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended June 25, 2017, June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 
 54 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 25, 2017, June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 
 55 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended June 25, 2017, June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 
 56 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 57 

50 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To Board of Directors and Shareholders of Cree, Inc. 
 In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of loss, comprehensive loss, cash flows and shareholders equity present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Cree, Inc. and its subsidiaries at June 25, 2017 and June 26, 2016, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 25, 2017 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 25, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, appearing under Item 9A, Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Raleigh, North Carolina 
 
 August 23, 2017 

51 

Table of Contents 

CREE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 (In thousands, except par value) 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 132,597 

166,154 
 
 Short-term investments 
 478,341 

439,151 
 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 
 610,938 

605,305 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 148,392 

165,611 
 
 Income tax receivable 
 8,040 

6,304 
 
 Inventories 
 284,385 

303,542 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 23,305 

26,810 
 
 Other current assets 
 23,390 

44,788 
 
 Current assets held for sale 
 2,180 

4,347 
 
 Total current assets 
 1,100,630 

1,156,707 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 581,263 

599,723 
 
 Goodwill 
 618,828 

618,828 
 
 Intangible assets, net 
 274,315 

302,810 
 
 Other long-term investments 
 50,366 

40,179 
 
 Deferred income taxes 
 11,763 

38,564 
 
 Other assets 
 12,702 

9,249 
 
 Total assets 
 
 2,649,867 

2,766,060 
 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable, trade 
 
 133,185 

132,286 
 
 Accrued salaries and wages 
 41,860 

44,642 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 36,978 

46,071 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 212,023 

222,999 
 
 Long-term liabilities: 

Long-term debt 
 145,000 

160,000 
 
 Deferred income taxes 
 49,860 

943 
 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 20,179 

14,294 
 
 Total long-term liabilities 
 215,039 

175,237 
 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

Shareholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value 0.01; 3,000 shares authorized at June 25, 2017 and June 26, 2016; none issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value 0.00125; 200,000 shares authorized at June 25, 2017 and June 26, 2016; 97,674 and 100,829 shares issued and outstanding at June 25, 2017 and June 26, 2016, respectively 
 121 

125 
 
 Additional paid-in-capital 
 2,419,517 

2,359,584 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of taxes 
 5,909 

8,728 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (202,742) 
 
 (613) 
 Total shareholders equity 
 2,222,805 

2,367,824 
 
 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 2,649,867 

2,766,060 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

CREE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF LOSS 

Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Revenue, net 
 
 1,473,000 

1,616,627 

1,632,505 
 
 Cost of revenue, net 
 1,038,428 

1,129,553 

1,158,586 
 
 Gross profit 
 434,572 

487,074 

473,919 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 158,549 

168,848 

182,797 
 
 Sales, general and administrative 
 277,175 

283,052 

290,730 
 
 Amortization or impairment of acquisition-related intangibles 
 27,499 

28,732 

26,220 
 
 Loss on disposal or impairment of long-lived assets 
 2,521 

16,913 

47,722 
 
 Wolfspeed transaction termination fee 
 (12,500) 

Total operating expenses 
 453,244 

497,545 

547,469 
 
 Operating loss 
 (18,672) 
 
 (10,471) 
 
 (73,550) 
 Non-operating income (expense), net 
 14,008 

(13,035) 
 
 (10,389) 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (4,664) 
 
 (23,506) 
 
 (83,939) 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 93,454 

(1,970) 
 
 (19,247) 
 Net loss 
 
 98,118) 

21,536) 

64,692) 
 Loss per share: 

Basic 
 
 1.00) 

0.21) 

0.57) 
 Diluted 
 
 1.00) 

0.21) 

0.57) 
 Weighted average shares used in per share calculation: 

Basic 
 98,487 

101,783 

113,022 
 
 Diluted 
 98,487 

101,783 

113,022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

CREE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 (In thousands) 
 Net loss 
 
 98,118) 

21,536) 

64,692) 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income: 

Currency translation loss, net of tax benefit of 0, 0 and 0, respectively 
 (153) 
 
 (362) 
 
 (3,563) 
 Net unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale securities, net of tax (expense) benefit of 0, 1,936), and 1,284, respectively 
 (2,666) 
 
 3,292 

(2,044) 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income 
 (2,819) 
 
 2,930 

(5,607) 
 Comprehensive loss 
 
 100,937) 

18,606) 

70,299) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

54 

Table of Contents 

CREE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 (In thousands) 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 
 
 98,118) 

21,536) 

64,692) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 
 150,508 

159,145 

173,323 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 47,725 

58,728 

64,299 
 
 Excess tax benefit from share-based payment arrangements 
 2 

(12) 
 
 (1,395) 
 Impairment of acquisition-related intangibles 

254 
 
 Loss on disposal or impairment of long-lived assets 
 2,521 

16,913 

47,722 
 
 Amortization of premium/discount on investments 
 5,427 

5,314 

6,152 
 
 (Gain)/loss on equity method investment 
 (7,543) 
 
 15,357 

22,624 
 
 Foreign exchange (gain)/loss on equity method investment 
 (2,644) 
 
 2,057 

347 
 
 Deferred income taxes 
 74,918 

(15,839) 
 
 (21,346) 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of acquisition: 

Accounts receivable, net 
 16,955 

21,800 

37,853 
 
 Inventories 
 17,918 

(23,269) 
 
 3,528 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 17,438 

8,103 

(11,112) 
 Accounts payable, trade 
 (4,818) 
 
 (12,090) 
 
 (44,796) 
 Accrued salaries and wages and other liabilities 
 (4,389) 
 
 (11,355) 
 
 (31,507) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 215,900 

203,316 

181,254 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 (86,928) 
 
 (120,018) 
 
 (206,160) 
 Purchases of patent and licensing rights 
 (12,405) 
 
 (14,443) 
 
 (19,491) 
 Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 
 1,392 

5,296 

285 
 
 Purchases of short-term investments 
 (200,405) 
 
 (220,823) 
 
 (349,802) 
 Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments 
 125,922 

312,524 

419,802 
 
 Proceeds from sale of short-term investments 
 27,174 

42,074 

219,795 
 
 Purchase of other long-term investments 

(80,566) 
 Purchase of acquired business, net of cash acquired 

(12,513) 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 (145,250) 
 
 (7,903) 
 
 (16,137) 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payment of acquisition-related contingent consideration 
 (2,775) 

Proceeds from long-term debt borrowings 
 468,000 

653,000 

695,000 
 
 Payments on long-term debt borrowings 
 (483,000) 
 
 (693,000) 
 
 (495,000) 
 Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 17,716 

21,682 

36,929 
 
 Excess tax benefit from share-based payment arrangements 
 (2) 
 
 12 

1,395 
 
 Repurchases of common stock 
 (104,017) 
 
 (149,553) 
 
 (549,677) 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (104,078) 
 
 (167,859) 
 
 (311,353) 
 Effects of foreign exchange changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 (129) 
 
 (1,110) 
 
 (878) 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (33,557) 
 
 26,444 

(147,114) 
 Cash and cash equivalents: 

Beginning of period 
 166,154 

139,710 

286,824 
 
 End of period 
 
 132,597 

166,154 

139,710 
 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 
 3,588 

3,110 

1,002 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 
 8,494 

14,722 

28,834 
 
 Significant non-cash transactions: 

Accrued property and equipment 
 
 10,173 

3,721 

24,243 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

CREE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 
 
 (Accumulated deficit)/Retained 
 Earnings 
 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income 
 
 Total 
 Shareholders 
 Equity 
 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 
 Par Value 

(In thousands) 
 Balance at June 29, 2014 
 120,114 

149 

2,190,011 

784,818 

11,405 

2,986,383 
 
 Net loss 

(64,692) 

(64,692) 
 Currency translation loss, net of tax benefit of 0 

(3,563) 
 
 (3,563) 
 Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax benefit of 1,284 

(2,044) 
 
 (2,044) 
 Comprehensive income 

(70,299) 
 Income tax expense from stock option exercises 

(1,010) 

(1,010) 
 Repurchased shares 
 (16,034) 
 
 (20) 

(549,657) 

(549,677) 
 Stock-based compensation 

64,720 

64,720 
 
 Exercise of stock options and issuance of shares 
 1,427 

2 

31,833 

31,835 
 
 Balance at June 28, 2015 
 105,507 

131 

2,285,554 

170,469 

5,798 

2,461,952 
 
 Net loss 

(21,536) 

(21,536) 
 Currency translation loss, net of tax benefit of 0 

(362) 
 
 (362) 
 Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities, net of tax expense of 1,936 

3,292 

3,292 
 
 Comprehensive income 

(18,606) 
 Income tax expense from stock option exercises 

(3,525) 

(3,525) 
 Repurchased shares 
 (5,842) 
 
 (7) 

(149,546) 

(149,553) 
 Stock-based compensation 

58,425 

58,425 
 
 Exercise of stock options and issuance of shares 
 1,164 

1 

19,130 

19,131 
 
 Balance at June 26, 2016 
 100,829 

125 

2,359,584 

613) 

8,728 

2,367,824 
 
 Net loss 

(98,118) 

(98,118) 
 Currency translation loss, net of tax benefit of 0 

(153) 
 
 (153) 
 Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax expense of 0 

(2,666) 
 
 (2,666) 
 Comprehensive loss 

(100,937) 
 Income tax expense from stock option exercises 

(253) 

(253) 
 Repurchased shares 
 (4,460) 
 
 (6) 

(104,011) 

(104,017) 
 Stock-based compensation 

46,813 

46,813 
 
 Exercise of stock options and issuance of shares 
 1,305 

2 

13,373 

13,375 
 
 Balance at June 25, 2017 
 97,674 

121 

2,419,517 

202,742) 

5,909 

2,222,805 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

CREE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1 Business 
 Overview 
 Cree, Inc. (the Company) is a leading innovator of lighting-class light emitting diode (LED) products, lighting products and wide bandgap semiconductor products for power and radio-frequency (RF) applications. The Company's products are targeted for applications such as indoor and outdoor lighting, video displays, transportation, electronic signs and signals, power supplies, inverters and wireless systems. 
 The Company's lighting products primarily consist of LED lighting systems and lamps. The Company designs, manufactures and sells lighting fixtures and lamps for the commercial, industrial and consumer markets. 
 The Company's LED products consist of LED chips and LED components. The Company's LED products enable its customers to develop and market LED-based products for lighting, video screens, automotive and other industrial applications. 
 The Company s Wolfspeed business consists of silicon carbide (SiC) materials, power devices and RF devices based on wide bandgap semiconductor materials such as SiC and gallium nitride (GaN). The Company s materials products and power devices are used in solar, electric vehicles, motor drives, power supplies and transportation applications. The Company s RF devices are used in military communications, radar, satellite and telecommunication applications. 
 The majority of the Company's products are manufactured at its production facilities located in North Carolina, Wisconsin and China. The Company also uses contract manufacturers for certain products and aspects of product fabrication, assembly and packaging. The Company operates research and development facilities in North Carolina, Arkansas, California, Wisconsin, India, Italy and China (including Hong Kong). 
 Cree, Inc. is a North Carolina corporation established in 1987 and is headquartered in Durham, North Carolina. 
 The Company's three reportable segments are: 
 
 Lighting Products 
 
 LED Products 
 
 Wolfspeed 
 For financial results by reportable segment, please refer to Note 14 , Reportable Segments. 
 Termination of Wolfspeed Sale Transaction 
 On July 13, 2016, the Company executed an Asset Purchase Agreement (the APA) with Infineon, which was approved by both the Company s Board of Directors and Infineon s Supervisory Board. Pursuant to the APA, the Company agreed to sell to Infineon, and Infineon agreed to (i) purchase from the Company (a) the assets comprising the Company s power and RF product lines (formerly the Company's Power and RF Products segment), including manufacturing facilities and equipment, inventory, intellectual property rights, contracts, real estate, and the outstanding equity interests of Cree Fayetteville, Inc, one of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries, and (b) certain related portions of the Company s SiC materials and gemstones business previously included within the LED Products segment and (ii) assume certain liabilities related to the Wolfspeed business. 
 Beginning in July 2016, the Company classified the results of the Wolfspeed business as discontinued operations in the Company s consolidated statements of loss for all periods presented. The Company also ceased recording depreciation and amortization of long-lived assets of the Wolfspeed business upon classification as discontinued operations in July 2016. Additionally, the related assets and liabilities associated with the discontinued operations were classified as held for sale in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 57 

 Table of Contents 

On February 16, 2017, the Company announced that the APA would be terminated as the Company and Infineon were unable to identify alternatives to modify the transaction to address the national security concerns of, and obtain approval from, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, one of the closing conditions under the APA. On March 6, 2017, the Company and Infineon entered into a Termination Agreement pursuant to which the APA was terminated. Pursuant to the APA and the Termination Agreement, Infineon paid the Company a termination fee of 12.5 million in cash on March 10, 2017, which is included in Wolfspeed transaction termination fee in the Company s consolidated statements of loss and in net cash provided by operating activities in the Company s consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 As a result of the announcement of the termination of the APA and the Company s decision to continue operating the Wolfspeed business, as of February 16, 2017, the Company reclassified the results of the Wolfspeed business as continuing operations in the Company s consolidated statements of loss, and presented it as a separate reportable segment for all periods presented. Additionally, the related assets and liabilities of the Wolfspeed business were reclassified as held and used in the consolidated balance sheets for all periods presented. The long-lived assets were measured at the lower of their carrying amount before being classified as held for sale, adjusted for any depreciation and amortization expense that would have been recognized had the assets been continuously classified as held and used, or their fair value at the date of the subsequent decision not to sell. 
 
 Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 Fiscal Year 
 The Company s fiscal year is a 52 or 53 -week period ending on the last Sunday in the month of June. The Company s 2017 , 2016 and 2015 fiscal years were 52 -week fiscal years. The Company s 2018 fiscal year will be a 52 -week fiscal year. 
 Reclassifications 
 Certain prior period amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on previously reported net loss or shareholders equity. 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The Company evaluates its estimates on an ongoing basis, including those related to revenue recognition, product warranty obligations, valuation of inventories, tax related contingencies, valuation of stock-based compensation, valuation of long-lived and intangible assets, other contingencies and litigation, among others. The Company generally bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 
 Segment Information 
 U.S. GAAP requires segmentation based on an entity s internal organization and reporting of revenue and operating income based upon internal accounting methods commonly referred to as the management approach. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker (CODM), or decision making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company s CODM is its Chief Executive Officer. The Company has determined that it currently has three operating and reportable segments. 
 
 58 

 Table of Contents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents consist of unrestricted cash accounts and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. Cash and cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates fair value. The Company holds cash and cash equivalents at several major financial institutions, which often exceed insurance limits set by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). The Company has not historically experienced any losses due to such concentration of credit risk. 
 Investments 
 Investments in certain securities may be classified into three categories: 
 
 Held-to-Maturity Debt securities that the entity has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity, which are reported at amortized cost. 
 
 Trading Debt and equity securities that are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling in the near term, which are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings. 
 
 Available-for-Sale Debt and equity securities not classified as either held-to-maturity or trading securities, which are reported at fair value with unrealized gains or losses excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of shareholders equity. 
 The Company reassesses the appropriateness of the classification (i.e. held-to-maturity, trading or available-for-sale) of its investments at the end of each reporting period. 
 When the fair value of an investment declines below its original cost, the Company considers all available evidence to evaluate whether the decline is other-than-temporary. Among other things, the Company considers the duration and extent of the decline and economic factors influencing the capital markets. For the fiscal years ended June 25, 2017 , June 26, 2016 , and June 28, 2015 , the Company had no other-than-temporary declines below the cost basis of its investments. The Company utilizes specific identification in computing realized gains and losses on the sale of investments. Realized gains and losses on the sale of investments are reported in other income and expense. 
 Investments in marketable securities with maturities beyond one year may be classified as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because such marketable securities represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations. 
 Other long-term investments consist of the Company's approximately 15 common stock ownership interest in Lextar Electronics Corporation (Lextar), which the Company acquired in December 2014. This investment was accounted for under the equity method from the date of investment until June 2016 when the Company chose for its representative not to stand for re-election as a member of the Lextar board of directors. The Company utilizes the fair value option in accounting for its investment in Lextar. The Company has determined that for its fiscal years ended June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015, Lextar has met the conditions of a significant subsidiary under Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X for which the Company is required, pursuant to Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X, to file separate financial statements as an exhibit to its Annual Report on Form 10-K. As such, separate financial statements for Lextar , prepared by Lextar and audited by its independent public accounting firm, are filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Annual Report. 
 Inventories 
 Inventories are stated at lower of cost or market, with cost determined on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) method or an average cost method; and with market not to exceed net realizable value. The Company writes down its inventory balances for estimates of excess and obsolete amounts. These write-downs are recognized as a component of cost of revenue. At the point of the write-down, a new lower-cost basis for that inventory is established, and any subsequent improvements in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established lower-cost basis. The Company recognized charges for write-downs in inventories of 7.3 million , 3.6 million and 15.2 million , for fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. 
 
 59 

 Table of Contents 

Property and Equipment 
 Property and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the assets estimated useful lives. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the asset life or the life of the related lease. In general, the Company s policy for useful lives is as follows: 
 Machinery and equipment 
 
 3 to 15 years 
 Buildings and building improvements 
 
 5 to 40 years 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 
 3 to 5 years 
 Aircraft and vehicles 
 
 5 to 20 years 
 Leasehold improvements 
 
 Shorter of estimated useful life or lease term 

Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. The costs for major renewals and improvements are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of the assets are removed from the accounts upon disposition and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operating income. 
 Shipping and Handling Costs 
 Shipping and handling costs are included in Cost of revenue, net in the Consolidated Statements of Loss and are recognized as a period expense during the period in which they are incurred. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 The Company recognizes the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations at their respective fair values at the date of acquisition, with any excess purchase price recognized as goodwill. Valuation of intangible assets entails significant estimates and assumptions including, but not limited to, estimating future cash flows from product revenue, developing appropriate discount rates, continuation of customer relationships and renewal of customer contracts, and approximating the useful lives of the intangible assets acquired. 
 Goodwill 
 The Company recognizes goodwill as an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. The Company tests goodwill for impairment at least annually as of the first day of the fiscal fourth quarter, or when indications of potential impairment exist. The Company monitors for the existence of potential impairment indicators throughout the fiscal year. 
 The Company conducts impairment testing for goodwill at the reporting unit level. Reporting units may be operating segments as a whole or an operation one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. The Company has determined that its reporting units are its three operating and reportable segments. 
 The Company may initiate goodwill impairment testing by considering qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit s carrying value is greater than its fair value. Such factors may include the following, among others: a significant decline in the reporting unit s expected future cash flows; a sustained, significant decline in the Company s stock price and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; unanticipated competition; and slower growth rates; as well as changes in management, key personnel, strategy and customers . If the Company s qualitative assessment indicates that goodwill impairment is more likely than not, the Company performs the two-step goodwill impairment test. Alternatively, the Company may bypass the qualitative test and initiate goodwill impairment testing with the first step of the two-step goodwill impairment test. 
 During the first step of the goodwill impairment test, the Company compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. The Company derives a reporting unit s fair value through a combination of the market approach (a guideline transaction method) and the income approach (a discounted cash flow analysis). The income approach utilizes a discount rate from the capital asset pricing model. If all reporting units are analyzed during the first step of the goodwill impairment test, their respective fair values are reconciled back to the Company s consolidated market capitalization. 
 
 60 

 Table of Contents 

If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, then the Company concludes that no goodwill impairment has occurred. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the Company performs the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure possible goodwill impairment loss. During the second step, the Company hypothetically values the reporting unit s tangible and intangible assets and liabilities as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination. Then, the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill is compared to the carrying value of its goodwill. If the carrying value of the reporting unit s goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, the Company recognizes an impairment loss in an amount equal to the excess, not to exceed the carrying value of the reporting unit s goodwill. Once an impairment loss is recognized, the adjusted carrying value of the goodwill becomes the new accounting basis of the goodwill for the reporting unit. 
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 The Company s indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually in the fiscal fourth quarter or when indications of potential impairment exist. The Company monitors for the existence of potential impairment indicators throughout the fiscal year. 
 The Company s impairment test may begin with a qualitative test to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset s carrying value is greater than its fair value. In performing this test, the Company may consider the following qualitative factors, among others: a significant decline in expected future cash flows; changes in industry and market conditions such as the deterioration in the environment in which the Company operates or an increased competitive environment; changes in management, key personnel, strategy, or customers; as well as other economic factors. If the Company s qualitative assessment indicates that asset impairment is more likely than not, the Company performs a quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying value. Alternatively, the Company may bypass the qualitative test and initiate impairment testing with the quantitative impairment test. Determining the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets entails significant estimates and assumptions including, but not limited to, determining the timing and expected costs to complete development projects, estimating future cash flows from product revenue, developing appropriate discount rates, estimating probability rates for the successful completion of development projects, continuation of customer relationships and renewal of customer contracts, and approximating the useful lives of the intangible assets acquired. 
 If the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its carrying value, then the Company concludes that no impairment has occurred. If the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, the Company recognizes an impairment loss in an amount equal to the excess, not to exceed the carrying value. Once an impairment loss is recognized, the adjusted carrying value becomes the new accounting basis of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. 
 Finite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 U.S. GAAP requires that intangible assets, other than goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles, must be amortized over their useful lives. The Company is currently amortizing its acquired intangible assets with finite lives over periods ranging from one to 20 years . 
 Patent rights reflect costs incurred by the Company in applying for and maintaining patents owned by the Company and costs incurred in purchasing patents and related rights from third parties. Licensing rights reflect costs incurred by the Company in acquiring licenses under patents owned by others. The Company amortizes both on a straight-line basis over the expected useful life of the associated patent rights, which is generally the lesser of 20 years from the date of the patent application or the license period. Royalties payable under licenses for patents owned by others are generally expensed as incurred. The Company reviews its capitalized patent portfolio and recognizes impairment charges when circumstances warrant, such as when patents have been abandoned or are no longer being pursued. 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 The Company reviews long-lived assets such as property and equipment for impairment based on changes in circumstances that indicate their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. In making these determinations, the Company uses certain assumptions, including but not limited to: (1) estimations of the fair market value of the assets and (2) estimations of future cash flows expected to be generated by these assets, which are based on additional assumptions such as asset utilization, length of service the asset will be used in the Company s operations and estimated salvage values. 
 
 61 

 Table of Contents 

Contingent Liabilities 
 The Company recognizes contingent liabilities when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred at the date of the financial statements and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Disclosure in the notes to the financial statements is required for loss contingencies that do not meet both these conditions if there is a reasonable possibility that a loss may have been incurred. See Note 13 , Commitments and Contingencies, for a discussion of loss contingencies in connection with pending and threatened litigation. The Company expenses as incurred the costs of defending legal claims against the Company. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The Company recognizes product revenue when the earnings process is complete, as evidenced by persuasive evidence of an arrangement (typically in the form of a purchase order), when the sales price is fixed or determinable, collection of revenue is reasonably assured, and title and risk of loss have passed to the customer. 
 The Company provides its customers with limited rights of return for non-conforming shipments and product warranty claims. The Company estimates an allowance for anticipated sales returns based upon an analysis of historical sales returns and other relevant data. The Company recognizes an allowance for non-conforming returns at the time of sale as a reduction of product revenue and as a reduction to the related accounts receivable balance. The Company recognizes a liability for product warranty claims at the time of sale as an increase to cost of revenue. 
 A substantial portion of the Company s products are sold through distributors. Distributors stock inventory and sell the Company s products to their own customer base, which may include: value added resellers; manufacturers who incorporate the Company s products into their own manufactured goods; or ultimate end users of the Company s products. The Company recognizes revenue upon shipment of its products to its distributors. This arrangement is often referred to as a sell-in or point-of-purchase model as opposed to a sell-through or point-of-sale model, where revenue is deferred and not recognized until the distributor sells the product through to their customer. 
 Certain of the Company s distributors are provided limited rights that allow them to return a portion of inventory (product exchange rights or stock rotation rights) and receive credits for changes in selling prices (price protection rights) or customer pricing arrangements under the Company s ship and debit program or other targeted sales incentives. These estimates are calculated based upon historical experience, product shipment analysis, current economic conditions, on-hand inventory at the distributor, and customer contractual arrangements. The Company believes that it can reasonably and reliably estimate the allowance for distributor credits at the time of sale. Accordingly, estimates for these rights are recognized at the time of sale as a reduction of product revenue and as a reduction to the related accounts receivable balance. 
 From time to time, the Company will issue a new price book for its products, and provide a credit to certain distributors for inventory quantities on hand if required by the Company s agreement with the distributor. This practice is known as price protection. These credits are applied against the reserve that the Company establishes upon initial shipment of product to the distributor. 
 Under the ship and debit program, products are sold to distributors at negotiated prices and the distributors are required to pay for the products purchased within the Company s standard commercial terms. Subsequent to the initial product purchase, a distributor may request a price allowance for a particular part number(s) for certain target customers, prior to the distributor reselling the particular part to that customer. If the Company approves an allowance and the distributor resells the product to the target customer, the Company credits the distributor according to the allowance the Company approved. These credits are applied against the reserve that the Company establishes upon initial shipment of product to the distributor. 
 In addition, the Company runs sales incentive programs with certain distributors and retailers, such as product rebates and cooperative advertising campaigns. The Company recognizes these incentives at the time they are offered to customers and records a credit to their account with an offsetting expense as either a reduction to revenue, increase to cost of revenue, or marketing expense depending on the type of sales incentive. 
 From time to time, the Company may enter into licensing arrangements related to its intellectual property. Revenue from licensing arrangements is recognized when earned and estimable. The timing of revenue recognition is dependent on the terms of each license agreement. Generally, the Company will recognize non-refundable upfront licensing fees related to patent licenses immediately upon receipt of the funds if the Company has no significant future obligations to perform under the arrangement. However, the Company will defer recognition for licensing fees where the Company has significant future performance requirements, the fee is not fixed (such as royalties earned as a percentage of future revenue), or the fees are otherwise contingent. 
 
 62 

 Table of Contents 

Accounts Receivable 
 For product revenue, the Company typically invoices its customers at the time of shipment for the sales order value of products shipped. Accounts receivable are recognized at the invoiced amount and are not subject to any interest or finance charges. The Company does not have any off-balance sheet credit exposure related to any of its customers. 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 The Company evaluates the collectability of accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. In cases where the Company becomes aware of circumstances that may impair a specific customer s ability to meet its financial obligations subsequent to the original sale, the Company will recognize an allowance against amounts due, and thereby reduce the net recognized receivable to the amount the Company reasonably believes will be collected. For all other customers, the Company recognizes an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the length of time the receivables are past due and consideration of other factors such as industry conditions, the current business environment and the Company s historical experience. 
 Advertising 
 The Company expenses the costs of producing advertisements at the time production occurs and expenses the cost of communicating the advertising in the period in which the advertising is used. Advertising costs are included in Sales, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Loss and amounted to approximately 13.0 million , 12.6 million , and 25.6 million for the years ended June 25, 2017 , June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 , respectively. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development activities are expensed when incurred. 
 Loss Per Share 
 Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the applicable period. Diluted loss per share is determined in the same manner as basic loss per share except that the number of shares is increased to assume exercise of potentially dilutive stock options, nonvested restricted stock and contingently issuable shares using the treasury stock method, unless the effect of such increases would be anti-dilutive. Under the treasury stock method, the amount the employee must pay for exercising stock options, the amount of compensation cost for future service that the Company has not yet recognized, and the amount of tax benefits that would be recognized in additional paid-in capital when the award becomes deductible are assumed to be used to repurchase shares. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 The Company recognizes compensation expense for all share-based payments granted based on the fair value of the shares on the date of grant. Compensation expense is then recognized over the award s vesting period. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts and interest receivable, accounts payable and other liabilities approximate their fair values at June 25, 2017 and June 26, 2016 due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 
 Taxes 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, along with net operating loss carryforwards and credit carryforwards, if it is more likely than not that the tax benefits will be realized. To the extent a deferred tax asset cannot be recognized under the preceding criteria, allowances are established. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 
 Taxes payable which are not based on income are accrued ratably over the period to which they apply. For example, payroll taxes are accrued each period end based upon the amount of payroll taxes that are owed as of that date; whereas taxes such as property taxes and franchise taxes are accrued over the fiscal year to which they apply if paid at the end of a period, or they are amortized ratably over the fiscal year if they are paid in advance. 
 
 63 

 Table of Contents 

Sales Taxes 
 The Company presents sales taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities on a net basis (i.e. excluded from revenue and expenses). 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments are recognized in Other comprehensive (loss) income in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for changes between the foreign subsidiaries functional currency and the United States (U.S.) dollar. Foreign currency translation gains and losses are included in the Company s equity account balance of Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of taxes in the Consolidated Balance Sheets until such time that the subsidiaries are either sold or substantially liquidated. 
 Because the Company and its subsidiaries transact business in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, the Company will continue to experience varying amounts of foreign currency exchange gains and losses for subsidiaries with U.S. dollar functional currency. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09: Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The FASB has subsequently issued multiple ASUs which amend and clarify the guidance in Topic 606. The ASU establishes a principles-based approach for accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes existing revenue recognition guidance. The ASU provides that an entity should apply a five-step approach for recognizing revenue, including (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when, or as, the entity satisfies a performance obligation. Also, the entity must provide various disclosures concerning the nature, amount and timing of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The Company s evaluation of ASU 2014-09 is ongoing and not complete; however, the Company anticipates the primary changes to revenue recognition to be related to certain patent license arrangements. The FASB has issued and may issue in the future, interpretive guidance, which may cause our evaluation to change. The effective date will be the first quarter of the Company's fiscal year ending June 30, 2019 and the Company currently expects to use the modified retrospective method. 
 Leases 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02: Leases (Topic 842). The ASU requires that a lessee recognize in its statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The asset will be based on the liability, subject to adjustment, such as for initial direct costs. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. For income statement purposes, leases are still required to be classified as either operating or finance. Operating leases will result in straight-line expense while finance leases will result in a front-loaded expense pattern. The effective date will be the first quarter of the Company's fiscal year ending June 28, 2020, using a modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently analyzing the impact of this new pronouncement. 
 Stock Compensation 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09: Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. The ASU simplifies the current stock compensation guidance for tax consequences. The ASU requires an entity to recognize all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies as income tax expense or benefit in its income statement. The ASU also eliminates the requirement to defer recognition of an excess tax benefit until the benefit is realized through a reduction to taxes payable. For cash flows statement purposes, excess tax benefits should be classified as an operating activity and cash payments made to taxing authorities on the employee s behalf for withheld shares should be classified as financing activity. The effective date will be the first quarter of the Company's fiscal year ending June 24, 2018. The Company's adoption of this ASU is not expected to impact its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 64 

 Table of Contents 

Goodwill Impairment Testing 
 In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04: Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The ASU simplifies the manner in which an entity is required to test for goodwill impairment by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. Additionally, the ASU removes the requirement for any reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount to perform a qualitative assessment and, if it fails such qualitative test, to perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test. The effective date will be the first quarter of the Company's fiscal year ending June 27, 2021. The Company s adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Note 3 Acquisition 
 On July 8, 2015, the Company closed on the acquisition of Arkansas Power Electronics International, Inc. (APEI), a global leader in power modules and power electronics applications, pursuant to a merger agreement with APEI and certain shareholders of APEI, whereby the Company acquired all of the outstanding share capital of APEI in exchange for a base purchase price of 13.8 million , subject to certain adjustments. In addition, if certain goals are achieved over the subsequent two years, additional cash payments totaling up to 4.6 million may be made to the former APEI shareholders. Payments totaling 2.8 million were made to the former APEI shareholders in July 2016 based on achievement of the first year goals. Payments totaling 1.8 million were made to the former APEI shareholders in July 2017 based on achievement of the second year goals. In connection with this acquisition, APEI became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, renamed Cree Fayetteville, Inc. (Cree Fayetteville). Cree Fayetteville is not considered a significant subsidiary of the Company and its results from operations are reported as part of the Company's Wolfspeed segment. 
 
 65 

 Table of Contents 

The total purchase price for this acquisition was as follows (in thousands): 
 Cash consideration paid to shareholders 
 
 13,797 
 
 Post closing adjustments 
 181 
 
 Contingent consideration 
 4,625 
 
 Total purchase price 
 
 18,603 

The purchase price for this acquisition has been allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as follows (in thousands): 
 Tangible assets: 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 1,284 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 1,006 
 
 Inventories 
 143 
 
 Property and equipment 
 935 
 
 Other assets 
 270 
 
 Total tangible assets 
 3,638 
 
 Intangible assets: 
 
 Patents 
 40 
 
 Customer relationships 
 4,500 
 
 Developed technology 
 11,403 
 
 In-process research development 
 7,565 
 
 Non-compete agreements 
 231 
 
 Goodwill 
 2,483 
 
 Total intangible assets 
 26,222 
 
 Liabilities assumed: 
 
 Accounts payable 
 55 
 
 Accrued expenses and liabilities 
 1,911 
 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 9,291 
 
 Total liabilities assumed 
 11,257 
 
 Net assets acquired 
 
 18,603 

The identifiable intangible assets acquired as a result of the acquisition will be amortized over their respective estimated useful lives as follows (in thousands, except for years): 
 
 Asset Amount 
 
 Estimated Life in Years 
 Patents 
 
 40 

20 
 Customer relationships 
 4,500 

4 
 Developed technology 
 11,403 

10 
 In-process research and development 1 
 7,565 

7 
 Non-compete agreements 
 231 

3 
 Total identifiable intangible assets 
 
 23,739 

(1) In-process research and development (IPR D) is initially classified as indefinite-lived assets and tested for impairment at least annually or when indications of potential impairment exist. The IPR D was completed in January 2016. 
 Goodwill largely consists of expansion of product offerings of power modules and power electronics applications, manufacturing and other synergies of the combined companies, and the value of the assembled workforce. 
 The assets, liabilities and operating results of APEI have been included in the Company's consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition and are not significant to the Company as a whole. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Note 4 Financial Statement Details 
 Accounts Receivable, net 
 The following table summarizes the components of accounts receivable, net (in thousands): 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 Billed trade receivables 
 
 205,516 

217,691 
 
 Unbilled contract receivables 
 912 

2,135 

206,428 

219,826 
 
 Allowance for sales returns, discounts and other incentives 
 (49,425) 
 
 (48,710) 
 Allowance for bad debts 
 (8,611) 
 
 (5,505) 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 
 148,392 

165,611 

The following table summarizes the changes in the Company s allowance for sales returns, discounts and other incentives (in thousands): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 Balance at beginning of period 
 
 48,710 

58,094 

29,010 
 
 Current period claims 
 (191,325) 
 
 (163,523) 
 
 (148,715) 
 Provision for sales returns, discounts and other incentives 
 192,040 

154,139 

177,799 
 
 Balance at end of period 
 
 49,425 

48,710 

58,094 

The following table summarizes the changes in the Company s allowance for bad debts (in thousands): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 Balance at beginning of period 
 
 5,505 

4,941 

2,761 
 
 Current period provision 
 3,541 

564 

2,184 
 
 Write-offs, net of recoveries 
 (435) 

(4) 
 Balance at end of period 
 
 8,611 

5,505 

4,941 

Inventories 
 The following table summarizes the components of inventories (in thousands): 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 Raw material 
 
 73,410 

83,299 
 
 Work-in-progress 
 100,402 

96,779 
 
 Finished goods 
 110,573 

123,464 
 
 Inventories 
 
 284,385 

303,542 

67 

 Table of Contents 

Property and Equipment, net 
 The following table summarizes the components of property and equipment, net (in thousands): 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 
 14,567 

14,280 
 
 Land and buildings 
 399,305 

386,573 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 1,185,119 

1,126,936 
 
 Aircraft and vehicles 
 11,138 

10,455 
 
 Computer hardware/software 
 46,677 

44,095 
 
 Leasehold improvements and other 
 6,972 

6,497 
 
 Construction in progress 
 162,450 

150,114 

1,826,228 

1,738,950 
 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 (1,244,965) 
 
 (1,139,227) 
 Property and equipment, net 
 
 581,263 

599,723 

Depreciation of property and equipment totaled 110.7 million , 118.8 million and 136.3 million for the years ended June 25, 2017 , June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 , respectively. 
 During the years ended June 25, 2017 , June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 , the Company recognized approximately 1.3 million , 10.3 million and 44.3 million , respectively, as losses on disposals or impairments of property and equipment. These charges are reflected in Loss on disposal or impairment of long-lived assets in the Consolidated Statements of Loss. 
 Other Current Liabilities 
 The following table summarizes the components of other current liabilities (in thousands): 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 Accrued taxes 
 
 11,148 

12,720 
 
 Accrued professional fees 
 5,545 

7,980 
 
 Accrued warranty 
 13,631 

20,207 
 
 Accrued other 
 6,654 

5,164 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 
 36,978 

46,071 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, net of taxes 
 The following table summarizes the components of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of taxes (in thousands): 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 Currency translation gain 
 
 4,471 

4,624 
 
 Net unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale securities 
 1,438 

4,104 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of taxes 
 
 5,909 

8,728 

68 

 Table of Contents 

Non-Operating Income (Expense), net 
 The following table summarizes the components of non-operating (expense) income, net (in thousands): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 Gain on sale of investments, net 
 
 93 

238 

925 
 
 Gain (loss) on equity investment 
 7,543 

(15,357) 
 
 (22,624) 
 Dividends from equity investment 
 16 

1,655 

2,581 
 
 Interest income, net 
 3,696 

4,472 

9,086 
 
 Foreign currency gain (loss), net 
 2,460 

(4,500) 
 
 (929) 
 Other, net 
 200 

457 

572 
 
 Non-operating income (expense), net 
 
 14,008 

13,035) 

10,389) 

Reclassifications Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, net of taxes 
 The following table summarizes the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of taxes (in thousands): 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Component 
 
 Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 
 Affected Line Item in the Consolidated Statements of Loss 

Fiscal Years Ended 

June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 

Net unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes 

93 

238 

925 

Non-operating income (expense), net 

93 

238 

925 

Loss before income taxes 

20 

210 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

93 

218 

715 

Net loss 

Note 5 Investments 
 Investments consist of municipal bonds, corporate bonds, commercial paper and certificates of deposit . All short-term investments are classified as available-for-sale. Other long-term investments consist of the Company's ownership interest in Lextar. 
 The following table summarizes short-term investments (in thousands): 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 
 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Losses 
 
 Estimated 
 Fair Value 
 Municipal bonds 
 
 177,890 

2,219 

68) 

180,041 
 
 Corporate bonds 
 175,991 

1,925 

(195) 
 
 177,721 
 
 Non-U.S. certificates of deposit 
 120,379 

120,379 
 
 U.S. certificates of deposit 

Commercial paper 
 200 

200 
 
 Total short-term investments 
 
 474,460 

4,144 

263) 

478,341 

69 

 Table of Contents 

The following table presents the gross unrealized losses and estimated fair value of the Company s short-term investments, aggregated by investment type and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position (in thousands, except numbers of securities): 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 Less than 12 Months 
 
 Greater than 12 Months 
 
 Total 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Unrealized 
 Loss 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Unrealized 
 Loss 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Unrealized 
 Loss 
 Municipal bonds 
 
 26,816 

68) 

26,816 

68) 
 Corporate bonds 
 57,404 

(195) 

57,404 

(195) 
 Total 
 
 84,220 

263) 

84,220 

263) 
 Number of securities with an unrealized loss 

67 

67 

The following table summarizes short-term investments (in thousands): 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 
 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Losses 
 
 Estimated 
 Fair Value 
 Municipal bonds 
 
 186,893 

3,562 

15) 

190,440 
 
 Corporate bonds 
 165,766 

3,074 

(73) 
 
 168,767 
 
 Non-U.S. certificates of deposit 
 73,127 

73,127 
 
 U.S. certificates of deposit 
 3,500 

3,500 
 
 Commercial paper 
 3,317 

3,317 
 
 Total short-term investments 
 
 432,603 

6,636 

88) 

439,151 

The following table presents the gross unrealized losses and estimated fair value of the Company s short-term investments, aggregated by investment type and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position (in thousands, except numbers of securities): 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 Less than 12 Months 
 
 Greater than 12 Months 
 
 Total 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Unrealized 
 Loss 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Unrealized 
 Loss 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Unrealized 
 Loss 
 Municipal bonds 
 
 2,936 

9) 

3,535 

6) 

6,471 

15) 
 Corporate bonds 
 27,578 

(73) 

27,578 

(73) 
 Total 
 
 30,514 

82) 

3,535 

6) 

34,049 

88) 
 Number of securities with an unrealized loss 

22 

3 

25 

The Company utilizes specific identification in computing realized gains and losses on the sale of investments. Realized gains on the sale of investments for the fiscal year ended June 25, 2017 of 93 thousand were included in Non-operating income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Loss and unrealized gains and losses are included as a separate component of equity, net of tax, unless the loss is determined to be other-than-temporary. 
 The Company evaluates its investments for possible impairment or a decline in fair value below cost basis that is deemed to be other-than-temporary on a periodic basis. It considers such factors as the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been below the cost basis, the financial condition of the investee, and its ability and intent to hold the investment for a period of time that may be sufficient for an anticipated full recovery in market value. Accordingly, the Company considered declines in its investments to be temporary in nature, and did not consider its investments to be impaired as of June 25, 2017 and June 26, 2016 . 
 
 70 

 Table of Contents 

The contractual maturities of short-term investments at June 25, 2017 were as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Within One 
 Year 
 
 After One, 
 Within Five 
 Years 
 
 After Five, 
 Within Ten 
 Years 
 
 After Ten 
 Years 
 
 Total 
 Municipal bonds 
 
 45,519 

107,947 

26,575 

180,041 
 
 Corporate bonds 
 48,515 

94,637 

34,569 

177,721 
 
 Non-U.S. certificates of deposit 
 5,755 

114,624 

120,379 
 
 U.S. certificates of deposit 

Commercial paper 
 200 

200 
 
 Total short-term investments 
 
 99,989 

317,208 

61,144 

478,341 

Note 6 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Under U.S. GAAP, fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In determining fair value, the Company uses various valuation approaches, including quoted market prices and discounted cash flows. U.S. GAAP also establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are obtained from independent sources and can be validated by a third party, whereas unobservable inputs reflect assumptions regarding what a third party would use in pricing an asset or liability. The fair value hierarchy is categorized into three levels based on the reliability of inputs as follows: 
 
 Level 1 - Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments that the Company is able to access. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these products does not entail a significant degree of judgment. 
 
 Level 2 - Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for instruments that are similar, or quoted prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar instruments, and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets. 
 
 Level 3 - Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 
 The financial assets for which the Company performs recurring fair value remeasurements are cash equivalents and short-term investments and long-term investments. As of June 25, 2017 , financial assets utilizing Level 1 inputs included money market funds, and financial assets utilizing Level 2 inputs included municipal bonds, corporate bonds, non-U.S. certificates of deposit, commercial paper, and common stock of non-U.S. corporations . Level 2 assets are valued based on quoted prices in active markets for instruments that are similar or using a third-party pricing service s consensus price, which is a weighted average price based on multiple sources. These sources determine prices utilizing market income models which factor in, where applicable, transactions of similar assets in active markets, transactions of identical assets in infrequent markets, interest rates, bond or credit default swap spreads and volatility. The Company did not have any financial assets requiring the use of Level 3 inputs as of June 25, 2017 . There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the year ended June 25, 2017 . 
 
 71 

 Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth financial instruments carried at fair value within the U.S. GAAP hierarchy (in thousands): 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 Level 1 
 
 Level 2 
 
 Level 3 
 
 Total 
 
 Level 1 
 
 Level 2 
 
 Level 3 
 
 Total 
 Assets: 

Cash equivalents 

Municipal bonds 

1,802 

1,802 

Non-U.S. certificates of deposit 

736 

736 

137 

137 
 
 Money market funds 
 1,184 

1,184 

576 

576 
 
 Total cash equivalents 
 1,184 

2,538 

3,722 

576 

137 

713 
 
 Short-term investments: 

Municipal bonds 

180,041 

180,041 

190,440 

190,440 
 
 Corporate bonds 

177,721 

177,721 

168,767 

168,767 
 
 U.S. certificates of deposit 

3,500 

3,500 
 
 Commercial paper 

200 

200 

3,317 

3,317 
 
 Non-U.S. certificates of deposit 

120,379 

120,379 

73,127 

73,127 
 
 Total short-term investments 

478,341 

478,341 

439,151 

439,151 
 
 Other long-term investments 

Common stock of non-U.S. corporations 

50,366 

50,366 

40,179 

40,179 
 
 Total other long-term investments 

50,366 

50,366 

40,179 

40,179 
 
 Total assets 
 
 1,184 

531,245 

532,429 

576 

479,467 

480,043 

Note 7 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill 
 The Company s reporting units for goodwill impairment testing are: 
 
 Lighting Products 
 
 LED Products 
 
 Wolfspeed 
 As of the first day of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 , the Company performed a step one quantitative goodwill impairment assessment on each reporting unit. For the step one impairment test, the Company derived each reporting unit's fair value through a combination of the market approach (a guideline transaction method) and the income approach (a discounted cash flow analysis). The Company utilized a discount rate from the capital asset pricing model for the discounted cash flow analysis. Once the reporting unit fair values were calculated, the Company reconciled the reporting units' relative fair values to the Company's market capitalization as of the testing date. 
 The Company then compared the carrying value of each reporting unit, inclusive of its assigned goodwill, to its fair value. The Company determined that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, and as a result, step two of the goodwill impairment test was not necessary. 

72 

 Table of Contents 

Goodwill by reporting unit as of June 25, 2017 was as follows (in thousands): 
 LED Products 
 
 Lighting Products 
 
 Wolfspeed 
 
 Consolidated Total 
 
 180,278 

337,781 

100,769 

618,828 

Goodwill by reporting unit as of June 26, 2016 was as follows (in thousands): 
 LED Products 
 
 Lighting Products 
 
 Wolfspeed 
 
 Consolidated Total 
 
 180,278 

337,781 

100,769 

618,828 

Intangible Assets 
 The following table presents the components of intangible assets, net (in thousands): 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 Gross 
 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 
 Net 
 
 Gross 
 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 
 Net 
 Intangible assets with finite lives: 

Customer relationships 
 
 141,420 

84,673) 

56,747 

141,420 

78,438) 

62,982 
 
 Developed technology 
 181,728 

(132,747) 
 
 48,981 

181,728 

(111,884) 
 
 69,844 
 
 Non-compete agreements 
 10,475 

(10,398) 
 
 77 

10,475 

(9,994) 
 
 481 
 
 Trade names, finite-lived 
 520 

(520) 

520 

(520) 

Patent and licensing rights 
 151,985 

(63,155) 
 
 88,830 

145,780 

(55,957) 
 
 89,823 
 
 Total intangible assets with finite lives 
 486,128 

(291,493) 
 
 194,635 

479,923 

(256,793) 
 
 223,130 
 
 Trade names, indefinite-lived 
 79,680 

79,680 

79,680 

79,680 
 
 Total intangible assets 
 
 565,808 

291,493) 

274,315 

559,603 

256,793) 

302,810 

Total amortization of finite-lived intangible assets was 39.8 million , 40.4 million and 37.1 million for the years ended June 25, 2017 , June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 , respectively. Beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company started amortizing IPR D assets acquired in the APEI acquisition that were completed during the respective period. 
 As of the first day of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 , the Company performed a step one quantitative impairment assessment on each of the Company s indefinite-lived trade names. The Company determined that the fair value of each indefinite-lived trade name was greater than its carrying value and therefore a step two quantitative impairment assessment was not required. 
 The Company invested 12.4 million , 14.4 million and 19.5 million for the years ended June 25, 2017 , June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 , respectively, for patent and licensing rights. For the fiscal years ended June 25, 2017 , June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 , the Company recognized 1.2 million , 6.7 million and 3.4 million , respectively, in impairment charges related to its patent portfolio. 
 Total future amortization expense of finite-lived intangible assets is estimated to be as follows (in thousands): 
 Fiscal Year Ending 
 
 June 24, 2018 
 
 38,858 
 
 June 30, 2019 
 37,320 
 
 June 28, 2020 
 24,463 
 
 June 27, 2021 
 19,192 
 
 June 26, 2022 
 17,816 
 
 Thereafter 
 56,986 
 
 Total future amortization expense 
 
 194,635 

73 

Table of Contents 

Note 8 Long-term Debt 
 As of June 25, 2017 the Company had a 500 million secured revolving line of credit pursuant to a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (Wells Fargo) under which the Company can borrow, repay and reborrow loans from time to time prior to its scheduled maturity date of January 9, 2020. 
 The Company classifies balances outstanding under its line of credit as long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At June 25, 2017 , the Company had 145 million outstanding under the Credit Agreement and 355 million available for borrowing. For the year ended June 25, 2017 , the average interest rate under the Credit Agreement was 1.56 . The average commitment fee percentage for the Credit Agreement was 0.11 for the year ended June 25, 2017 . For the year ended June 26, 2016 , the average interest rate under the Credit Agreement was 1.14 . The average commitment fee percentage for the Credit Agreement was 0.09 for the year ended June 26, 2016 . The Company was in compliance with all covenants in the Credit Agreement at June 25, 2017 . 
 
 Note 9 Shareholders Equity 
 On August 24, 2016, the Board of Directors approved the Company's fiscal 2017 stock repurchase program, authorizing the Company to repurchase shares of its common stock having an aggregate purchase price not exceeding 300 million for all purchases from August 24, 2016 through the expiration of the program on June 25, 2017. 
 During fiscal 2017 , the Company repurchased 4.4 million shares of its common stock under the program at an average price of 23.55 per share with an aggregate value of 104.0 million . The repurchase program could be implemented through open market or privately negotiated transactions at the discretion of the Company s management. From the inception of the predecessor stock repurchase program in January 2001 through June 25, 2017 , the Company has repurchased 38.7 million shares of its common stock at an average price of 28.66 per share with an aggregate value of 1.1 billion . 
 On June 14, 2017, the Board of Directors approved the Company's fiscal 2018 stock repurchase program, authorizing the Company to repurchase shares of its common stock having an aggregate purchase price not exceeding 200 million for all purchases from June 26, 2017 through the expiration of the program on June 24, 2018 . The repurchase program may be implemented through open market or privately negotiated transactions at the discretion of the Company's management. The Company will continue to determine the time and extent of any repurchases based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. 
 On May 29, 2002, the Board adopted a shareholder rights plan, pursuant to which stock purchase rights were distributed to shareholders at a rate of one right with respect to each share of common stock held of record as of June 10, 2002. Subsequently issued shares of common stock also carried stock purchase rights under the plan. The rights plan was designed to enhance the Board s ability to prevent an acquirer from depriving shareholders of the long-term value of their investment and to protect shareholders against attempts to acquire the Company by means of unfair or abusive takeover tactics. On January 29, 2013, the shareholder rights plan was amended solely to change the expiration date from September 30, 2018 to April 24, 2017. On April 24, 2017, the shareholder rights plan expired pursuant to its terms and is no longer in effect. 
 At June 25, 2017 , the Company had reserved a total of approximately 19.3 million shares of its common stock for future issuance as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 For exercise of outstanding common stock options 
 10,604 
 
 For vesting of outstanding stock units 
 2,347 
 
 For future equity awards under 2013 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan 
 6,214 
 
 For future issuance under the Non-Employee Director Stock Compensation and Deferral Program 
 65 
 
 For future issuance to employees under the 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 102 
 
 Total common shares reserved 
 19,332 

74 

Table of Contents 

Note 10 Loss Per Share 
 The following table presents the computation of basic loss per share (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 Basic: 

Net loss 
 
 98,118) 

21,536) 

64,692) 
 Weighted average common shares 
 98,487 

101,783 

113,022 
 
 Basic loss per share 
 
 1.00) 

0.21) 

0.57) 

The following computation reconciles the differences between the basic and diluted loss per share presentations (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 Diluted: 

Net loss 
 
 98,118) 

21,536) 

64,692) 
 Weighted average common shares - basic 
 98,487 

101,783 

113,022 
 
 Weighted average common shares - diluted 
 98,487 

101,783 

113,022 
 
 Diluted loss per share 
 
 1.00) 

0.21) 

0.57) 

Potential common shares that would have the effect of increasing diluted earnings per share or decreasing diluted loss per share are considered to be anti-dilutive and as such, these shares are not included in calculating diluted loss per share. For the fiscal years ended June 25, 2017 , June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 , there were 11.4 million , 11.4 million and 7.0 million , respectively, of potential common shares not included in the calculation of diluted loss per share because their effect was anti-dilutive. 
 
 Note 11 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Overview of Employee Stock-Based Compensation Plans 
 The Company currently has one equity-based compensation plan, the 2013 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (2013 LTIP), from which stock-based compensation awards can be granted to employees and directors. At June 25, 2017 , there were 10.6 million shares authorized for issuance under the plan and 6.2 million shares remaining for future grants. The 2013 LTIP provides for awards in the form of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units and other awards. The Company has other equity-based compensation plans that have been terminated so that no future grants can be made under those plans, but under which stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units are currently outstanding. 
 The Company s stock-based awards can be either service-based or performance-based. Performance-based conditions are generally tied to future financial and/or operating performance of the Company. The compensation expense with respect to performance-based grants is recognized if the Company believes it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. The Company reassesses the probability of the achievement of the performance condition at each reporting period, and adjusts the compensation expense for subsequent changes in the estimate or actual outcome. As with non-performance based awards, compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period. The vesting period runs from the date of grant to the expected date that the performance objective is likely to be achieved. 
 
 75 

 Table of Contents 

The Company also has an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) that provides employees with the opportunity to purchase common stock at a discount. At June 25, 2017 , there were 4.5 million shares authorized for issuance under the ESPP, as amended, with 0.1 million shares remaining for future issuance. The ESPP limits employee contributions to 15 of each employee s compensation (as defined in the plan) and allows employees to purchase shares at a 15 discount to the fair market value of common stock on the purchase date two times per year. The ESPP provides for a twelve-month participation period, divided into two equal six-month purchase periods, and also provides for a look-back feature. At the end of each six-month period in April and October, participants purchase the Company s common stock through the ESPP at a 15 discount to the fair market value of the common stock on the first day of the twelve-month participation period or the purchase date, whichever is lower. The plan also provides for an automatic reset feature to start participants on a new twelve-month participation period if the fair market value of common stock declines during the first six-month purchase period. 
 Stock Option Awards 
 The following table summarizes option activity as of June 25, 2017 and changes during the fiscal year then ended (numbers of shares in thousands): 
 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 
 Weighted Average 
 Exercise price 
 
 Weighted Average 
 Remaining 
 Contractual Term 
 
 Total 
 Intrinsic Value 
 Outstanding at June 26, 2016 
 11,247 

40.42 

Granted 
 1,795 

24.50 

Exercised 
 (119) 
 
 26.06 

Forfeited or expired 
 (2,319) 
 
 38.67 

Outstanding at June 25, 2017 
 10,604 

38.27 

3.49 

1,745 
 
 Vested and expected to vest at June 25, 2017 
 10,377 

38.54 

3.44 

1,593 
 
 Exercisable at June 25, 2017 
 7,297 

42.22 

2.62 

233 

The total intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value, which is the total difference between the closing price of the Company s common stock on June 23, 2017 (the last trading day of fiscal 2017 of 25.35 and the exercise price for in-the-money options that would have been received by the holders if all instruments had been exercised on June 25, 2017 . As of June 25, 2017 , there was 15.9 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.46 years. 
 The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding and exercisable at June 25, 2017 (shares in thousands): 

Options Outstanding 
 
 Options Exercisable 
 Range of Exercise Price 
 
 Number 
 
 Weighted Average 
 Remaining Contractual 
 Life (Years) 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Number 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 0.01 to 30.92 
 
 5,422 

3.98 

26.82 

2,868 

28.31 
 
 30.93 to 43.94 
 
 234 

3.85 
 
 36.05 

174 

36.18 
 
 43.95 to 45.13 
 
 2,074 

4.06 
 
 45.13 

1,405 

45.13 
 
 45.14 to 54.26 
 
 146 

2.90 
 
 49.11 

124 

49.27 
 
 54.27 to 75.55 
 
 2,728 

2.19 
 
 55.43 

2,726 

55.43 
 
 Total 
 
 10,604 

3.49 

38.27 

7,297 

42.22 

Other information pertaining to the Company s stock option awards is as follows (in thousands, except per share data): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 Weighted average grant date fair value per share of options 
 
 8.20 

8.79 

15.27 
 
 Total intrinsic value of options exercised 
 
 344 

838 

9,418 

76 

 Table of Contents 

Restricted Stock Awards and Units 
 A summary of nonvested restricted stock awards (RSAs) and restricted stock unit awards (RSUs) outstanding as of June 25, 2017 and changes during the year then ended is as follows (in thousands, except number of shares and units): 
 
 Number of 
 RSAs/RSUs 
 
 Weighted Average 
 Grant-Date Fair Value 
 Nonvested at June 26, 2016 
 1,631 

31.66 
 
 Granted 
 1,573 

24.60 
 
 Vested 
 (579) 
 
 34.13 
 
 Forfeited 
 (213) 
 
 28.48 
 
 Nonvested at June 25, 2017 
 2,412 

26.74 

As of June 25, 2017 , there was 37.6 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.38 years . 
 Stock-Based Compensation Valuation and Expense 
 The Company accounts for its employee stock-based compensation plans using the fair value method. The fair value method requires the Company to estimate the grant-date fair value of its stock-based awards and amortize this fair value to compensation expense over the requisite service period or vesting term. 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of the Company s stock option and ESPP awards. The determination of the fair value of stock-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model is affected by the Company s stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, the risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. Due to the inherent limitations of option-valuation models, future events that are unpredictable and the estimation process utilized in determining the valuation of the stock-based awards, the ultimate value realized by award holders may vary significantly from the amounts expensed in the Company s financial statements. 
 For RSAs and RSUs, the grant-date fair value is based upon the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant. This fair value is then amortized to compensation expense over the requisite service period or vesting term. 
 Stock-based compensation expense is recognized net of estimated forfeitures such that expense is recognized only for those stock-based awards that are expected to vest. A forfeiture rate is estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates. 
 
 77 

 Table of Contents 

Total stock-based compensation expense was as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 Income Statement Classification: 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 Cost of revenue, net 
 
 10,427 

12,394 

12,836 
 
 Research and development 
 10,619 

13,842 

16,524 
 
 Sales, general and administrative 
 26,679 

32,492 

34,939 
 
 Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 47,725 

58,728 

64,299 

The weighted average assumptions used to value stock option grants were as follows: 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 Stock Option Grants: 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 1.06 

1.18 

1.17 
 
 Expected life, in years 
 3.80 

3.66 

3.54 
 
 Expected volatility 
 42.4 

43.3 

45.2 
 
 Dividend yield 

The following describes each of these assumptions and the Company s methodology for determining each assumption: 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 The Company estimates the risk-free interest rate using the U.S. Treasury bill rate with a remaining term equal to the expected life of the award. 
 Expected Life 
 The expected life represents the period that the stock option awards are expected to be outstanding. In determining the appropriate expected life of its stock options, the Company segregates its grantees into categories based upon employee levels that are expected to be indicative of similar option-related behavior. The expected useful lives for each of these categories are then estimated giving consideration to (1) the weighted average vesting periods, (2) the contractual lives of the stock options, (3) the relationship between the exercise price and the fair market value of the Company s common stock, (4) expected employee turnover, (5) the expected future volatility of the Company s common stock, and (6) past and expected exercise behavior, among other factors. 
 Expected Volatility 
 The Company estimates expected volatility giving consideration to the expected life of the respective award, the Company s current expected growth rate, implied volatility in traded options for its common stock, and the historical volatility of its common stock. 
 Expected Dividend Yield 
 The Company estimates the expected dividend yield by giving consideration to its current dividend policies as well as those anticipated in the future considering the Company s current plans and projections. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

Note 12 Income Taxes 
 The following were the components of loss before income taxes (in thousands): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 Domestic 
 
 43,195) 

45,278) 

41,593) 
 Foreign 
 38,531 

21,772 

(42,346) 
 Total loss before income taxes 
 
 4,664) 

23,506) 

83,939) 

The following were the components of income tax expense (benefit) (in thousands): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 Current: 

Federal 
 
 10,304 

5,347 

12,470) 
 Foreign 
 7,332 

7,278 

13,327 
 
 State 
 900 

1,244 

1,242 
 
 Total current 
 18,536 

13,869 

2,099 
 
 Deferred: 

Federal 
 68,199 

(26,086) 
 
 (7,418) 
 Foreign 
 190 

12,340 

(12,754) 
 State 
 6,529 

(2,093) 
 
 (1,174) 
 Total deferred 
 74,918 

(15,839) 
 
 (21,346) 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 93,454 

1,970) 

19,247) 

Actual income tax expense (benefit) differed from the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal tax rate of 35 to pre-tax earnings as a result of the following (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 79 

 Table of Contents 

Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 of Loss 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 of Loss 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 of Income 
 Federal income tax provision at statutory rate 
 
 1,632) 
 
 35 

8,227) 
 
 35 

29,379) 
 
 35 
 (Decrease) increase in income tax expense resulting from: 

State tax provision, net of federal benefit 
 (727) 
 
 16 
 
 (748) 
 
 3 
 
 (817) 
 
 1 
 State tax credits 
 (69) 
 
 1 
 
 (269) 
 
 1 
 
 (585) 
 
 1 
 Tax exempt interest 
 (1,243) 
 
 27 
 
 (2,019) 
 
 9 
 
 (2,413) 
 
 3 
 48C investment tax credit 
 (4,383) 
 
 94 
 
 (4,334) 
 
 18 
 
 (6,826) 
 
 8 
 (Decrease) increase in tax reserve 
 (3,587) 
 
 77 
 
 (80) 

(225) 

Research and development credits 
 (1,728) 
 
 37 
 
 (2,138) 
 
 9 
 
 (2,081) 
 
 2 
 Foreign tax credit 
 (1,114) 
 
 24 
 
 (954) 
 
 4 
 
 (389) 

Increase (decrease) in valuation allowance 
 108,077 

(2,318) 
 
 9,286 

(39) 

Qualified production activities deduction 

(520) 
 
 1 
 Stock-based compensation 
 1,389 

(30) 
 
 1,346 

(6) 
 
 2,988 

(4) 
 Statutory rate differences 
 (5,162) 
 
 111 
 
 2,748 

(12) 
 
 18,738 

(22) 
 Foreign earnings taxed in U.S. 
 1,313 

(28) 
 
 1,165 

(5) 
 
 1,793 

(2) 
 Foreign currency fluctuations 
 841 

(18) 
 
 748 

(3) 
 
 (818) 
 
 1 
 Other foreign adjustments 
 715 

(15) 
 
 13 

(83) 

Net operating loss carryback 
 494 

(11) 
 
 238 

(1) 

Provision to return adjustments 
 165 

(4) 
 
 (10) 

391 

Other 
 105 

(2) 
 
 1,265 

(5) 
 
 979 

(1) 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 93,454 

(2,004) 

1,970) 
 
 8 

19,247) 
 
 23 

80 

 Table of Contents 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities were as follows (in thousands): 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 Deferred tax assets: 

Compensation 
 
 3,029 

3,176 
 
 Inventories 
 21,042 

19,656 
 
 Sales return reserve and allowance for bad debts 
 8,480 

6,615 
 
 Warranty reserve 
 10,340 

8,013 
 
 Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards 
 21,776 

11,443 
 
 Federal credits 
 13,425 

8,802 
 
 State credits 
 3,507 

3,286 
 
 48C investment tax credits 
 23,525 

17,838 
 
 Investments 
 796 

872 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 46,922 

48,191 
 
 Deferred revenue 
 3,262 

4,159 
 
 Other 
 2,522 

2,792 
 
 Total gross deferred assets 
 158,626 

134,843 
 
 Less valuation allowance 
 (107,544) 
 
 (10,770) 
 Deferred tax assets, net 
 51,082 

124,073 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 
 (7,443) 
 
 (9,549) 
 Intangible assets 
 (73,692) 
 
 (69,355) 
 Investments 
 (4,102) 
 
 (2,445) 
 Prepaid taxes and other 
 (1,461) 
 
 (1,527) 
 Foreign earnings recapture 
 (2,481) 
 
 (3,576) 
 Total gross deferred liability 
 (89,179) 
 
 (86,452) 
 Deferred tax (liability) asset, net 
 
 38,097) 

37,621 

The components giving rise to the net deferred tax assets (liabilities) have been included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Balance at June 25, 2017 
 
 Assets 
 
 Liabilities 
 
 Current 
 
 Noncurrent 
 
 Current 
 
 Noncurrent 
 U.S. federal income taxes 

49,103) 
 Foreign income taxes 

11,763 

(757) 
 Total net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) 

11,763 

49,860) 

Balance at June 26, 2016 
 
 Assets 
 
 Liabilities 
 
 Current 
 
 Noncurrent 
 
 Current 
 
 Noncurrent 
 U.S. federal income taxes 

26,411 

Foreign income taxes 

12,153 

(943) 
 Total net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) 

38,564 

943) 

81 

 Table of Contents 

During the third quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company concluded that it was necessary to recognize a full valuation allowance against its U.S. deferred tax assets and other deferred charges primarily due to the Company s three-year cumulative pre-tax loss position in the U.S. and the termination of the Wolfspeed sale transaction, which was anticipated to generate U.S. taxable income. Based on this evaluation, during the fiscal year ended June 25, 2017 , the Company recorded a valuation allowance of 101.8 million against its U.S. deferred tax assets. In addition, the company recognized a related deferred tax charge of 17.9 million . 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company concluded it is likely that sufficient future taxable income needed to fully utilize net operating loss carryovers in Luxembourg will not be generated due to additional losses on the Company s equity method investment held there. The Company recorded a 9.5 million valuation allowance against the related deferred tax asset, representing the 32.4 million net operating loss carryover net of tax. During the fiscal year ended June 25, 2017 , the Company reduced the valuation allowance against the loss carryover deferred tax assets by 1.0 million as a result of a decrease in the effective tax rate. 
 As of June 25, 2017 , the Company had approximately 36.2 million of foreign net operating loss carryovers, of which 32.4 million are offset by a valuation allowance. The foreign net operating loss carryovers have no carry forward limitation. As of June 25, 2017 , the Company had approximately 39.3 million of state net operating loss carryovers which are fully offset by a valuation allowance. Additionally, the Company had 45.7 million of federal and 6.3 million of state income tax credit carryforwards which are fully offset by a valuation allowance. The state net operating loss carryovers will begin to expire in fiscal 2018 . The federal and state income tax credit carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal 2032 and fiscal 2018 , respectively. 
 U.S. GAAP requires a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is cumulatively more than 50 likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. 
 As of June 26, 2016 the Company s liability for unrecognized tax benefits was 17.7 million . During the fiscal year ended June 25, 2017, the Company recognized a 4.4 million decrease to the liability for unrecognized tax benefits; 3.7 million following statute expirations, 0.6 million related to settlement of the audit by the Italian Revenue Agency and 0.1 million related to a decrease in the effective tax rate. As a result, the total liability for unrecognized tax benefits as of June 25, 2017 was 13.3 million . If any portion of this 13.3 million is recognized, the Company will then include that portion in the computation of its effective tax rate. Although the ultimate timing of the resolution and/or closure of audits is highly uncertain, the Company believes it is reasonably possible that approximately 0.2 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits will change in the next 12 months as a result of statute requirements. 
 The following is a tabular reconciliation of the Company s change in uncertain tax positions (in thousands): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 Balance at beginning of period 
 
 17,727 

17,795 

18,389 
 
 Increases related to prior year tax positions 

617 

Decreases related to prior year tax positions 
 (100) 
 
 (530) 
 
 (407) 
 Settlements with tax authorities 
 (608) 

Expiration of statute of limitations for assessment of taxes 
 (3,681) 
 
 (155) 
 
 (187) 
 Balance at end of period 
 
 13,338 

17,727 

17,795 

82 

 Table of Contents 

The Company s policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the Income tax (benefit) expense line item in the Consolidated Statements of Loss. Total interest and penalties accrued were as follows (in thousands): 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 Accrued interest and penalties 
 
 2 

5) 

Total interest and penalties recognized were as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 Recognized interest and penalties (benefit) 
 
 7 

15) 

94) 

The Company files U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign tax returns. For U.S. federal purposes, the Company is generally no longer subject to tax examinations for fiscal years prior to 2014 . For U.S. state tax returns, the Company is generally no longer subject to tax examinations for fiscal years prior to 2013 . For foreign purposes, the Company is generally no longer subject to examination for tax periods 2007 and prior. Certain carryforward tax attributes generated in prior years remain subject to examination, adjustment and recapture. On January 20, 2017, the Company settled an ongoing audit by the Italian Revenue Agency for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2013, resulting in immaterial impact on tax expense. 
 The Company provides for U.S. income taxes on the earnings of foreign subsidiaries unless the subsidiaries earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside the United States. As of June 25, 2017 , U.S. income taxes were not provided for on a cumulative total of approximately 262.0 million of undistributed earnings for certain non-U.S. subsidiaries, as the Company currently intends to reinvest these earnings in these foreign operations indefinitely. If, at a later date, these earnings were repatriated to the U.S., the Company would be required to pay taxes on these amounts. Determination of the amount of any deferred tax liability on these undistributed earnings is not practicable. 
 During the fiscal year ended June 26, 2011, the Company was awarded a tax holiday in Malaysia with respect to its manufacturing and distribution operations. This arrangement allows for 0 tax for 10 years starting in the fiscal year ended June 26, 2011. For the fiscal years 2015, 2016 and 2017, the Company did not meet the requirements for the tax holiday, and as such, no benefit has been recognized. 
 
 Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies 
 Warranties 
 The following table summarizes the changes in the Company s product warranty liabilities (in thousands): 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 Balance at beginning of period 
 
 21,531 

13,968 

6,822 
 
 Warranties accrued in current period 
 32,024 

19,866 

9,242 
 
 Recall costs accrued in current period 

5,756 

5,418 
 
 Expenditures 
 (25,636) 
 
 (18,059) 
 
 (7,514) 
 Balance at end of period 
 
 27,919 

21,531 

13,968 

Product warranties are estimated and recognized at the time the Company recognizes revenue. The warranty periods range from 90 days to 10 years . The Company accrues warranty liabilities at the time of sale, based on historical and projected incident rates and expected future warranty costs. The Company accrues estimated costs related to product recalls based on a formal campaign soliciting repair or return of that product when they are deemed probable and reasonably estimable. The warranty reserves, which are primarily related to Lighting Products, are evaluated quarterly based on various factors including historical warranty claims, assumptions about the frequency of warranty claims, and assumptions about the frequency of product failures derived from quality testing, field monitoring and the Company s reliability estimates. As of June 25, 2017 , 14.3 million of the Company s product warranty liabilities were classified as long-term. 
 
 83 

 Table of Contents 

In June 2015, the Company issued a voluntary recall of its linear LED T8 replacement lamps due to the hazard of overheating and melting. The Company expects the majority of the costs of the recall to be recoverable from insurance proceeds resulting in an immaterial impact to the Company's financial results. 
 Lease Commitments 
 The Company primarily leases manufacturing, office, housing and warehousing space under the terms of non-cancelable operating leases. These leases expire at various times through April 2024 . The Company recognizes net rent expense on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease. Rent expense associated with these operating leases totaled approximately 7.0 million , 6.6 million and 8.2 million for each of the fiscal years ended June 25, 2017 , June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 , respectively. Certain agreements require that the Company pay property taxes and general property maintenance in addition to the minimum rental payments. 
 Future minimum rental payments as of June 25, 2017 (under leases currently in effect) are as follows (in thousands): 
 Fiscal Years Ending 
 Minimum Rental 
 Amount 
 June 24, 2018 
 
 4,905 
 
 June 30, 2019 
 3,364 
 
 June 28, 2020 
 2,892 
 
 June 27, 2021 
 1,350 
 
 June 26, 2022 
 692 
 
 Thereafter 
 1,259 
 
 Total future minimum rental payments 
 
 14,462 

Litigation 
 The Company is currently a party to various legal proceedings. While management presently believes that the ultimate outcome of such proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, will not materially harm the Company s financial position, cash flows, or overall trends in results of operations, legal proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings could occur. An unfavorable ruling could include money damages or, in matters for which injunctive relief or other conduct remedies may be sought, an injunction prohibiting the Company from selling one or more products at all or in particular ways. Were unfavorable final outcomes to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on the Company s business, results of operation, financial position and overall trends. The outcomes in these matters are not reasonably estimable. 
 
 Note 14 - Reportable Segments 
 The Company s operating and reportable segments are: 
 
 Lighting Products 
 
 LED Products 
 
 Wolfspeed 
 The Company s CODM reviews segment performance and allocates resources based upon segment revenue and segment gross profit. 
 Reportable Segments Description 
 Lighting Products Segment 
 The Company s Lighting Products segment primarily consists of LED lighting systems and lamps. The Company designs, manufactures and sells lighting systems for indoor and outdoor applications, with its primary focus on LED lighting systems for the commercial, industrial and consumer markets. Lighting products are sold to distributors, retailers and direct to customers. The Company's portfolio of lighting products is designed for use in settings such as office and retail space, restaurants and hospitality, schools and universities, manufacturing, healthcare, airports, municipal, residential, street lighting and parking structures, among other applications. 
 
 84 

 Table of Contents 

LED Products Segment 
 The Company s LED Products segment includes LED chips and LED components. 
 LED Chips 
 The Company's LED chip products include blue and green LED chips based on GaN and related materials. LED chips or die are solid-state electronic components used in a number of applications and are currently available in a variety of brightness levels, wavelengths (color) and sizes. The Company uses LED chips internally in the manufacturing of its LED components. Customers use the blue and green LED chips in a variety of applications including video screens, gaming displays, function indicator lights, and automotive backlights, headlamps and directional indicators. Customers may also combine blue LED chips with phosphors to create white LEDs, which are used in various applications for indoor and outdoor illumination and backlighting, full-color display screens, liquid crystal displays (LCD) backlighting, white keypads and the camera flash function. 
 LED Components 
 The Company's LED components include a range of packaged LED products from the Company s XLamp LED components and LED modules for lighting applications to the Company s high-brightness LED components. 
 The Company s XLamp LED components and LED modules are designed to meet a broad range of market needs for lighting applications including general illumination (both indoor and outdoor applications), portable, architectural, signal and transportation lighting. The Company uses XLamp LED components in its own lighting products. The Company also sells XLamp LED components externally to customers and distributors for use in a variety of products, primarily for lighting applications. 
 The Company s high-brightness LED components consist of surface mount (SMD) and through-hole packaged LED products. The SMD LED component products are available in a full range of colors designed to meet a broad range of market needs, including video, signage, general illumination, transportation, gaming and specialty lighting. The Company's through-hole packaged LED component products are available in a full range of colors, primarily designed for the signage market and provide users with color and brightness consistency across a wide viewing area. 
 Wolfspeed Segment 
 The Company s Wolfspeed segment includes SiC materials, power devices and RF devices. 
 SiC Materials 
 The Company s SiC materials products consist of crystals, bare and epitaxial wafers. The Company s SiC materials are targeted for customers who use them to manufacture products for RF, power switching, gemstones and other applications. Corporate, government and university customers also buy SiC materials for research and development directed at RF and high power devices. 
 Power Devices 
 The Company s power device products consist of SiC Schottky diodes, metal oxide semiconductor field effect transistors (MOSFETs), power modules and gate driver boards. The Company's power products provide increased efficiency, faster switching speeds and reduced system size and weight over comparable silicon-based power devices. Power products are sold primarily to customers and distributors for use in power supplies used in computer servers, solar inverters, uninterruptible power supplies, industrial power supplies and other applications. 
 RF Devices 
 The Company s RF devices consist of GaN die, high-electron mobility transistors (HEMT) and monolithic microwave integrated circuits (MMICs), which are optimized for military, telecommunications and other commercial applications. The Company's RF devices are made from SiC and GaN and provide improved efficiency, bandwidths and frequency of operation as compared to silicon or GaAs. The Company also provides custom die manufacturing for GaN HEMTs and MMICs that allow a customer to design its own custom RF circuits to be fabricated by the Company, or have the Company design and fabricate products that meet the customer's specific requirements. 
 Financial Results by Reportable Segment 
 The table below reflects the results of the Company s reportable segments as reviewed by the CODM for fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 . The Company used the same accounting policies to derive the segment results reported below as those used in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 85 

 Table of Contents 

The Company s CODM does not review inter-segment transactions when evaluating segment performance and allocating resources to each segment, and inter-segment transactions are not included in the segment revenue presented in the table below. As such, total segment revenue in the table below is equal to the Company s consolidated revenue. 
 The Company s CODM reviews gross profit as the lowest and only level of segment profit. As such, all items below gross profit in the consolidated statements of loss must be included to reconcile the consolidated gross profit presented in the table below to the Company s consolidated loss before income taxes. 
 In order to determine gross profit for each reportable segment, the Company allocates direct costs and indirect costs to each segment s cost of revenue. The Company allocates indirect costs, such as employee benefits for manufacturing employees, shared facilities services, information technology, purchasing, and customer service, when the costs are identifiable and beneficial to the reportable segment. The Company allocates these indirect costs based on a reasonable measure of utilization that considers the specific facts and circumstances of the costs being allocated. 
 Unallocated costs in the table below consisted primarily of manufacturing employees stock-based compensation, expenses for profit sharing and quarterly or annual incentive plans and matching contributions under the Company s 401(k) plan. These costs were not allocated to the reportable segments' gross profit because the Company s CODM does not review them regularly when evaluating segment performance and allocating resources. 
 Revenue, gross profit and gross margin for each of the Company's segments were as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 
 Year Ended 
 
 Year Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 Lighting Products 
 
 701,467 

889,133 

906,502 

196,218 

238,242 

235,542 
 
 Lighting Products gross margin 

28 

27 

26 
 
 LED Products 
 550,302 

551,156 

554,987 

151,675 

173,814 

158,955 
 
 LED Products gross margin 

28 

32 

29 
 
 Wolfspeed 
 221,231 

176,338 

171,016 

103,465 

94,622 

99,721 
 
 Wolfspeed gross margin 

47 

54 

58 
 
 Total segment reporting 
 
 1,473,000 

1,616,627 

1,632,505 

451,358 

506,678 

494,218 
 
 Unallocated costs 

(16,786) 
 
 (19,604) 
 
 (20,299) 
 Consolidated gross profit 

434,572 

487,074 

473,919 
 
 Consolidated gross margin 

30 

30 

29 

Assets by Reportable Segment 
 Inventories are the only assets reviewed by the Company s CODM when evaluating segment performance and allocating resources to the segments. The CODM reviews all of the Company's assets other than inventories on a consolidated basis. The following table sets forth the Company s inventories by reportable segment for the fiscal years ended June 25, 2017 and June 26, 2016 . 
 Unallocated inventories in the table below were not allocated to the reportable segments because the Company s CODM does not review them when evaluating performance and allocating resources to each segment. Unallocated inventories consisted primarily of manufacturing employees stock-based compensation, profit sharing and quarterly or annual incentive compensation and matching contributions under the Company s 401(k) plan. 
 
 86 

 Table of Contents 

Inventories for each of the Company's segments were as follows (in thousands): 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 Lighting Products 
 
 145,710 

172,261 
 
 LED Products 
 108,297 

104,544 
 
 Wolfspeed 
 26,453 

21,871 
 
 Total segment inventories 
 280,460 

298,676 
 
 Unallocated inventories 
 3,925 

4,866 
 
 Consolidated inventories 
 
 284,385 

303,542 

Geographic Information 
 The Company conducts business in several geographic areas. Revenue is attributed to a particular geographic region based on the shipping address for the products. The following table sets forth the percentage of revenue from external customers by geographic area: 
 
 For the Years Ended 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 June 28, 2015 
 United States 
 56 

59 

57 
 
 China 
 22 

20 

21 
 
 Europe 
 10 

8 

9 
 
 South Korea 
 2 

1 

1 
 
 Japan 
 4 

4 

4 
 
 Malaysia 
 1 

1 

1 
 
 Taiwan 
 1 

1 

1 
 
 Other 
 4 

6 

6 
 
 Total percentage of revenue 
 100 

100 

100 

The following table sets forth the Company s tangible long-lived assets by country (in thousands): 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 United States 
 
 483,953 

488,342 
 
 China 
 94,022 

108,183 
 
 Other 
 3,288 

3,198 
 
 Total tangible long-lived assets 
 
 581,263 

599,723 

Note 15 Concentrations of Risk 
 Financial instruments, which may subject the Company to a concentration of risk, consist principally of short-term investments, cash equivalents, and accounts receivable. Short-term investments consist primarily of municipal bonds, corporate bonds, commercial paper and certificates of deposit at interest rates that vary by security. The Company s cash equivalents consist primarily of money market funds. Certain bank deposits may at times be in excess of the FDIC insurance limits. 
 The Company sells its products on account to manufacturers, distributors, retailers and others worldwide and generally requires no collateral. 
 Revenue from Arrow Electronics, Inc. represented 12 , 10 and 12 of revenue for fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. Revenue from The Home Depot, Inc. represented 5 , 8 and 11 of revenue for fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively. 
 No customers individually accounted for more than 10 of the consolidated accounts receivable balance at June 25, 2017 and June 26, 2016 . 
 
 87 

 Table of Contents 

Arrow Electronics, Inc. is a customer of the LED Products and Wolfspeed segments. The Home Depot, Inc. is a customer of the Lighting Products segment. 
 
 Note 16 Retirement Savings Plan 
 The Company sponsors one employee benefit plan (the 401(k) Plan) pursuant to Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. All U.S. employees are eligible to participate under the 401(k) Plan on the first day of a new fiscal month after the date of hire. Under the 401(k) Plan, there is no fixed dollar amount of retirement benefits; rather, the Company matches a defined percentage of employee deferrals, and employees vest in these matching funds over time. Employees choose their investment elections from a list of available investment options. During the fiscal years ended June 25, 2017 , June 26, 2016 and June 28, 2015 , the Company contributed approximately 7.3 million , 7.0 million and 6.9 million to the 401(k) Plan, respectively. The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation does not insure the 401(k) Plan. 
 
 Note 17 Related Party Transactions 
 In July 2010, Mark Swoboda was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Intematix Corporation (Intematix). Mark Swoboda is the brother of the Company s Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Charles M. Swoboda. For a number of years the Company has purchased raw materials from Intematix pursuant to standard purchase orders in the ordinary course of business. 
 During fiscal 2017 , the Company purchased 2.3 million of raw materials from Intematix, and the Company had 0.0 million outstanding payable to Intematix as of June 25, 2017 . During fiscal 2016 , the Company purchased 3.9 million of raw materials from Intematix, and the Company had 0.3 million outstanding payable to Intematix as of June 26, 2016 . 
 The Company currently owns approximately 15 of the common stock of Lextar, an investment that was purchased in December 2014. As discussed in Note 1, Business, this investment was accounted for under the equity method from the date of investment until June 2016 when the Company chose for its representative not to stand for re-election as a member of the Lextar board of directors. During fiscal 2016 , the Company purchased approximately 31.7 million of inventory from Lextar and the Company had 7.6 million outstanding payable to Lextar as of June 26, 2016 . 
 
 Note 18 - Costs Associated with LED Business Restructuring 
 In June 2015, our Board of Directors approved a plan to restructure the LED Products business. The restructuring reduced excess capacity and overhead in order to improve the cost structure moving forward. The primary components of the restructuring include the planned sale or abandonment of certain manufacturing equipment, facility consolidation and the elimination of certain positions. The restructuring activity ended in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. During fiscal 2016, the company realized 18.8 million in LED restructuring charges which were partially offset by a 1.1 million gain on the sale of long-lived assets related to the restructuring which were sold for a value in excess of their estimated net realizable value during fiscal 2016. 
 
 88 

 Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes the actual charges incurred (in thousands): 
 Capacity and overhead cost reductions 
 Amounts incurred during fiscal year 2015 
 
 Amounts incurred during fiscal year 2016 
 
 Cumulative amounts incurred through fiscal year 2016 
 
 Affected Line Item in the Consolidated Statements of Loss 
 Loss on disposal or impairment of long-lived assets 
 
 42,716 

15,506 

58,222 

Loss on disposal or impairment of long-lived assets 
 Severance expense 
 2,019 

264 

2,283 

Sales, general and administrative expenses 
 Lease termination and facility consolidation costs 
 1,246 

3,079 

4,325 

Sales, general and administrative expenses 
 Increase in channel inventory reserves 
 26,479 

26,479 

Revenue, net 
 Increase in inventory reserves 
 11,091 

11,091 

Cost of revenue, net 
 Total restructuring charges 
 
 83,551 

18,849 

102,400 

In the table above, the lease termination costs relate to the relocation of certain manufacturing operations from a leased facility in Huizhou, China to a company-owned facility which is also in Huizhou, China. In June 2015, the Company ceased using the leased facility and recognized a 0.5 million charge for the lease contract termination cost. 
 In the table above, the severance expense relates to a reduction in manufacturing and support positions. There is not a significant retention period for impacted employees and all severance was paid in fiscal 2016. 
 
 Note 19 - Subsequent Event 
 On April 25, 2017, the Company announced that it intended to form a joint venture, to be called Cree Venture LED Company , Ltd. (Cree Venture LED), with San an Optoelectronics Co., Ltd. (San an) to produce and deliver to market high performing, mid-power lighting class LEDs in an exclusive arrangement to serve the expanding markets of North and South America, Europe and Japan, and serve China and the rest of the world on a non-exclusive basis. 
 Effective July 17, 2017, the Company entered into a Shareholders Agreement with San an and Cree Venture LED pursuant to which the Company and San an funded their contributions to Cree Venture LED and agreed upon the management and operation of Cree Venture LED. The Company contributed 5.1 million for a 51 ownership interest and San an contributed 4.9 million for a 49 ownership interest. Cree Venture LED will have a five-member board of directors, three of which will be designated by the Company and two of which will be designated by San an. 
 In connection with forming Cree Venture LED and entering into the Shareholders Agreement, Cree Venture LED and San an also entered into a manufacturing agreement pursuant to which San an will supply Cree Venture LED with mid-power LED products, and Cree Venture LED and the Company entered into a sales agency agreement pursuant to which the Company will be the independent sales representative of Cree Venture LED in the exclusive markets, among certain other ancillary agreements related to the transaction. 
 The Company targets that Cree Venture LED will finish becoming fully established and begin first product qualifications with customers by the end of calendar 2017. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

Note 20 Quarterly Results of Operations - Unaudited 
 The following is a summary of the Company s consolidated quarterly results of operations for each of the fiscal years ended June 25, 2017 and June 26, 2016 (in thousands, except per share data): 
 
 September 25, 2016 
 
 December 25, 2016 
 
 March 26, 2017 
 
 June 25, 2017 
 
 Fiscal Year 2017 
 Revenue, net 
 
 371,231 

401,325 

341,505 

358,939 

1,473,000 
 
 Cost of revenue, net 
 261,302 

260,759 

255,429 

260,938 

1,038,428 
 
 Gross profit 
 109,929 

140,566 

86,076 

98,001 

434,572 
 
 Net loss 
 566 

6,219 

(99,013) 
 
 (5,890) 
 
 (98,118) 
 Earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic 

0.06 

1.02) 

0.06) 

1.00) 
 Diluted 

0.06 

1.02) 

0.06) 

1.00) 

September 27, 2015 
 
 December 27, 2015 
 
 March 27, 2016 
 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 Fiscal Year 2016 
 Revenue, net 
 
 425,489 

435,806 

366,919 

388,413 

1,616,627 
 
 Cost of revenue, net 
 294,916 

301,361 

257,886 

275,390 

1,129,553 
 
 Gross profit 
 130,573 

134,445 

109,033 

113,023 

487,074 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (24,489) 
 
 13,442 

152 

(10,641) 
 
 (21,536) 
 (Loss) earnings per share: 

Basic 
 
 0.24) 

0.13 

0.11) 

0.21) 
 Diluted 
 
 0.24) 

0.13 

0.11) 

0.21) 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in that they provide reasonable assurances that the information we are required to disclose in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods required by the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes to Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 In the course of our ongoing preparations for making management s report on internal control over financial reporting as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, from time to time we have identified areas in need of improvement and have taken remedial actions to strengthen the affected controls as appropriate. We make these and other changes to enhance the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, which do not have a material effect on our overall internal control. 
 We will continue to evaluate the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and will take action as appropriate. 
 
 90 

 Table of Contents 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 (i) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 (ii) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 
 (iii) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 In making the assessment of internal control over financial reporting, our management used the criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on that assessment and those criteria, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 25, 2017 . 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 25, 2017 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Not applicable. 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 Certain information called for in Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our annual meeting of shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of fiscal 2017 . 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) and (2) The financial statements and reports of independent registered public accounting firm are filed as part of this Annual Report (see Index to Consolidated Financial Statements at Item 8). The financial statement schedules are not included in this item as they are either not applicable or are included as part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 (a)(3) The following exhibits have been or are being filed herewith and are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 
 EXHIBIT NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION 

2.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2016, by and among Infineon Technologies AG, Cree, Inc., and Cree Sweden AB (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A, dated July 13, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 18, 2016) 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2002, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 19, 2002) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws, as amended and restated (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 27, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2015) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate 

10.1 
 
 2004 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 23, 2012, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 25, 2012) 

10.2 
 
 Addendum to Form of Master Stock Option Award Agreement Terms and Conditions for Grants of Nonqualified Stock Options to Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 27, 2009, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2009) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 23, 2012, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2012) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Master Stock Option Award Agreement for Grants of Nonqualified Stock Options (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 24, 2006, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 2, 2006) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Master Stock Option Award Agreement for Grants of Nonqualified Stock Options (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 26, 2010, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2011) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 23, 2012, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2012) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Master Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 24, 2006, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 2, 2006) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 23, 2012, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2012) 

10.9 
 
 Non-Employee Director Stock Compensation and Deferral Program (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 27, 2009, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2009) 

93 

 Table of Contents 

10.10 
 
 Amendment One to Non-Employee Director Stock Compensation and Deferral Program (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 26, 2010, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2011) 

10.11 
 
 Cree, Inc. Severance Plan for Section 16 Officers, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 28, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2013) 

10.12 
 
 Change in Control Agreement for Chief Executive Officer, effective December 17, 2012, between Cree, Inc. and Charles M. Swoboda (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated December 17, 2012, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2012) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Cree, Inc. Change in Control Agreement for Section 16 Officers other than the Chief Executive Officer (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated December 17, 2012, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2012) 

10.14 
 
 Form of Cree, Inc. Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 25, 2010, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 29, 2010) 

10.15 
 
 Form of Master Performance Unit Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 30, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2013) 

10.16 
 
 Form of Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Based) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 29, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 23, 2013) 

10.17 
 
 Form of Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance-Based) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 29, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 23, 2013) 

10.18 
 
 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 29, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 29, 2013) 

10.19 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 29, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 22, 2014) 

10.20 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 29, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 22, 2014) 

10.21 
 
 Form of Master Performance Unit Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 25, 2014, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2014) 

10.22 
 
 2013 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 25, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 28, 2016) 

10.23 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated January 9, 2015, by and between Cree, Inc., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and lender, E-conolight LLC, a domestic subsidiary of the Company, as guarantor, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 9, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2015) 

10.24 
 
 Credit Agreement Consent, dated as of July 13, 2016, by and between Cree, Inc., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and lender, E-conolight LLC, a domestic subsidiary of the Company, as guarantor, and the other lenders party to the Credit Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 25, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2016) 

10.25 
 
 Notice of Grant to Charles M. Swoboda (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 23, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 25, 2016) 

94 

 Table of Contents 

10.26 
 
 Notice of Grant to Michael E. McDevitt (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 23, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 25, 2016) 

10.27 
 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 23, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 25, 2016) 

10.28 
 
 Schedule of Compensation for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 27, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2015) 

10.29 
 
 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement - Section 16 Officer (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 27, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2015) 

10.30 
 
 Change in Control Agreement for Section 16 Officers other than the Chief Executive Officer, dated July 13, 2016, by and between Cree, Inc. and Franco Plastina (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated July 13, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 18, 2016) 

10.31 
 
 Termination Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2017, by and between Cree, Inc. and Infineon Technologies AG (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, March 6, 2017, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 7, 2017) 

10.32 
 
 Separation, General Release and Consulting Agreement, dated May 18, 2017, between Cree, Inc. and Charles M. Swoboda (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated May 18, 2017, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2017) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

23.2 
 
 Consent of KPMG 

31.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Audited financial statements of Lextar Electronics Corporation as of and for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

101 
 
 The following materials from Cree, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 25, 2017 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Loss; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; (v) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Management contract or compensatory plan 

The financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 of Lextar Electronics Corporation , prepared by Lextar and audited by its independent public accounting firm, are included in this Annual Report pursuant to Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X. 

95 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CREE, INC. 
 Date: 
 August 23, 2017 

By: 
 /s/ C HARLES M. S WOBODA 
 
 Charles M. Swoboda 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ C HARLES M. S WOBODA 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 August 23, 2017 
 Charles M. Swoboda 

/s/ M ICHAEL E. M C D EVITT 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 August 23, 2017 
 Michael E. McDevitt 
 
 (Principal Financial and Chief Accounting Officer) 

/s/ C LYDE R. H OSEIN 
 
 Director 
 
 August 23, 2017 
 Clyde R. Hosein 

/s/ R OBERT A. I NGRAM 
 
 Director 
 
 August 23, 2017 
 Robert A. Ingram 

/s/ D ARREN R. J ACKSON 
 
 Director 
 
 August 23, 2017 
 Darren R. Jackson 

/s/ C. H OWARD N YE 
 
 Director 
 
 August 23, 2017 
 C. Howard Nye 

/s/ J OHN B. R EPLOGLE 
 
 Director 
 
 August 23, 2017 
 John B. Replogle 

/s/ T HOMAS H. W ERNER 
 
 Director 
 
 August 23, 2017 
 Thomas H. Werner 

/s/ A NNE C. W HITAKER 
 
 Director 
 
 August 23, 2017 
 Anne C. Whitaker 

96 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 EXHIBIT NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION 

2.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2016, by and among Infineon Technologies AG, Cree, Inc., and Cree Sweden AB (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A, dated July 13, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 18, 2016) 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2002, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 19, 2002) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws, as amended and restated (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 27, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2015) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate 

10.1 
 
 2004 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 23, 2012, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 25, 2012) 

10.2 
 
 Addendum to Form of Master Stock Option Award Agreement Terms and Conditions for Grants of Nonqualified Stock Options to Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 27, 2009, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2009) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 23, 2012, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2012) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Master Stock Option Award Agreement for Grants of Nonqualified Stock Options (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 24, 2006, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 2, 2006) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Master Stock Option Award Agreement for Grants of Nonqualified Stock Options (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 26, 2010, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2011) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 23, 2012, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2012) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Master Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 24, 2006, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 2, 2006) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 23, 2012, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2012) 

10.9 
 
 Non-Employee Director Stock Compensation and Deferral Program (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 27, 2009, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2009) 

10.10 
 
 Amendment One to Non-Employee Director Stock Compensation and Deferral Program (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 26, 2010, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2011) 

10.11 
 
 Cree, Inc. Severance Plan for Section 16 Officers, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 28, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2013) 

10.12 
 
 Change in Control Agreement for Chief Executive Officer, effective December 17, 2012, between Cree, Inc. and Charles M. Swoboda (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated December 17, 2012, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2012) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Cree, Inc. Change in Control Agreement for Section 16 Officers other than the Chief Executive Officer (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated December 17, 2012, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2012) 

97 

 Table of Contents 

10.14 
 
 Form of Cree, Inc. Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 25, 2010, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 29, 2010) 

10.15 
 
 Form of Master Performance Unit Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 30, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2013) 

10.16 
 
 Form of Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Based) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 29, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 23, 2013) 

10.17 
 
 Form of Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance-Based) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 29, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 23, 2013) 

10.18 
 
 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 29, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 29, 2013) 

10.19 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 29, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 22, 2014) 

10.20 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 29, 2013, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 22, 2014) 

10.21 
 
 Form of Master Performance Unit Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 25, 2014, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2014) 

10.22 
 
 2013 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 25, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 28, 2016) 

10.23 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated January 9, 2015, by and between Cree, Inc., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and lender, E-conolight LLC, a domestic subsidiary of the Company, as guarantor, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 9, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2015) 

10.24 
 
 Credit Agreement Consent, dated as of July 13, 2016, by and between Cree, Inc., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and lender, E-conolight LLC, a domestic subsidiary of the Company, as guarantor, and the other lenders party to the Credit Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 25, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2016) 

10.25 
 
 Notice of Grant to Charles M. Swoboda (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 23, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 25, 2016) 

10.26 
 
 Notice of Grant to Michael E. McDevitt (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 23, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 25, 2016) 

10.27 
 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 23, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 25, 2016) 

10.28 
 
 Schedule of Compensation for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 27, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2015) 

10.29 
 
 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement - Section 16 Officer (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 27, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2015) 

10.30 
 
 Change in Control Agreement for Section 16 Officers other than the Chief Executive Officer, dated July 13, 2016, by and between Cree, Inc. and Franco Plastina (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated July 13, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 18, 2016) 

98 

 Table of Contents 

10.31 
 
 Termination Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2017, by and between Cree, Inc. and Infineon Technologies AG (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, March 6, 2017, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 7, 2017) 

10.32 
 
 Separation, General Release and Consulting Agreement, dated May 18, 2017, between Cree, Inc. and Charles M. Swoboda (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated May 18, 2017, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2017) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

23.2 
 
 Consent of KPMG 

31.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Audited financial statements of Lextar Electronics Corporation as of and for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

101 
 
 The following materials from Cree, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 25, 2017 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Loss; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; (v) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Management contract or compensatory plan 
 
 The financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 of Lextar Electronics Corporation , prepared by Lextar and audited by its independent public accounting firm, are included in this Annual Report pursuant to Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X. 

99 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 cree06252017ex211.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Significant Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Subsidiaries of Cree, Inc. Jurisdiction 
 Cree Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong 
 
 Subsidiaries of Cree Hong Kong Limited Jurisdiction 
 Cree Huizhou Solid State Lighting Company Limited People's Republic of China 

For the fiscal year ended June 25, 2017 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 cree06252017ex231.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-215828, 333-198381, 333-191973, 333-191972, 333-179218, 333-171874, 333-164516, 333-164515, 333-149547) of Cree, Inc. of our report dated August 23, 2017 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Raleigh, North Carolina 
 August 23, 2017 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 cree06252017ex232.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Auditors 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-215828, 333-198381, 333-191973, 333-191972, 333-179218, 333-171874, 333-164516, 333-164515 and 333-149547) of Cree, Inc. of our report dated August 9, 2016, with respect to the consolidated statements of financial position of Lextar Electronics Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years then ended, which report appears in the June 25, 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cree, Inc. 

/s/ KPMG 
 
 Taipei, Taiwan (the Republic of China) 
 
 August 21, 2017 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 cree06252017ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
 adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Charles M. Swoboda, certify that: 
 1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cree, Inc.; 
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date: August 23, 2017 
 
 /s/ CHARLES M. SWOBODA 
 
 Charles M. Swoboda 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 cree06252017ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
 adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Michael E. McDevitt, certify that: 
 1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cree, Inc.; 
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date: August 23, 2017 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL E. MCDEVITT 
 
 Michael E. McDevitt 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 cree06252017ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as adopted pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Cree, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 25, 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Charles M. Swoboda, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 
 (1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 /s/ CHARLES M. SWOBODA 
 
 Charles M. Swoboda 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

August 23, 2017 

This Certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 cree06252017ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as adopted pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Cree, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 25, 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael E. McDevitt, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 
 (1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL E. MCDEVITT 
 
 Michael E. McDevitt 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

August 23, 2017 

This Certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 9
 cree06252017ex991.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1

Exhibit 

LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
 (With Report of Independent Auditors) 

Independent Auditors Report 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Lextar Electronics Corporation: 
 
 Report on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Lextar Electronics Corporation and its subsidiaries, which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Management s Responsibility for the Financial Statements 
 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; this includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 Auditors Responsibility 
 Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement. 
 An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditors judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity s preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. 
 We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
 Opinion 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Lextar Electronics Corporation and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 

Other Matter 
 The accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows of Lextar Corporation and subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2013, were not audited, reviewed, or compiled by us and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on them. 

/s/KPMG 
 Taipei, Taiwan (Republic of China) 
 August 9, 2016 

LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 
 December 31, 2015 and 2014 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

(expressed in thousands of New Taiwan dollars 
 
 Note 
 December 31, 2015 
 December 31, 
 2014 
 
 Note 
 December 31, 2015 
 December 31, 
 2014 
 Assets 

Liabilities 

Current assets: 

Current liabilities: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 6 
 5,240,128 
 5,397,182 
 Short-term borrowings 
 16 
 - 
 924,629 
 Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss current 
 
 7, 17 
 1,875 
 240 
 Accounts payable 
 
 3,285,365 
 3,162,169 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 9 
 3,732,499 
 3,593,240 
 Accounts payable to related parties 
 34 
 29,844 
 4,914 
 Accounts receivable from related parties, net 
 9, 34 
 1,194,187 
 1,540,628 
 Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss current 
 7, 17 
 50,026 
 86,175 
 Other financial assets 
 6,9 
 199,981 
 35,850 
 Current tax liabilities 
 28 
 35,917 
 129,797 
 Inventories 
 10 
 3,004,148 
 2,825,163 
 Other current liabilities 
 
 1,151,106 
 1,323,600 
 Other current assets 
 
 222,855 
 332,341 
 Current installments of long-term borrowings 
 18 
 851,250 
 1,250 
 Total current assets 
 
 13,595,673 
 13,724,644 
 Total current liabilities 
 
 5,403,508 
 5,632,534 
 Noncurrent assets: 

Investments in equity-accounted investees 
 11 
 242,381 
 232,756 
 Noncurrent liabilities: 

Available-for-sale financial assets noncurrent 
 8 
 116,921 
 219,552 
 Long-term borrowings, excluding current installments 
 18 
 947,500 
 1,798,750 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 
 13, 35 
 7,705,603 
 9,445,343 
 Convertible bonds payable 
 17 
 1,886,125 
 1,842,643 
 Intangible assets 
 14 
 17,388 
 18,487 
 Other noncurrent liabilities 
 28 
 179,989 
 179,802 
 Deferred tax assets 
 28 
 243,219 
 255,368 
 Total noncurrent liabilities 
 
 3,013,614 
 3,821,195 
 Long-term prepayments for rents 
 15 
 101,529 
 99,960 
 Total liabilities 
 
 8,417,122 
 9,453,729 
 Other noncurrent assets 
 20, 35 
 371,124 
 294,166 

Total noncurrent assets 
 
 8,798,165 
 10,565,632 
 Equity 
 12, 17, 21, 22 

Common stock, 10 par value 
 
 6,025,723 
 6,228,300 

Capital collected in advance 
 
 412 
 1,238 

Capital surplus 
 
 6,973,068 
 7,158,596 

Retained earnings 
 
 1,119,627 
 1,377,377 

Other components of equity 
 
 191,791 
 21,618 

Treasury stock 
 
 (333,905) 
 - 

Equity attributable to stockholders of Lextar Electronics Corporation 
 
 13,976,716 
 14,787,129 

Non-controlling interests 
 
 - 
 49,418 

Total equity 
 
 13,976,716 
 14,836,547 
 Total Assets 
 
 22,393,838 
 24,290,276 
 Total Liabilities and Equity 
 
 22,393,838 
 24,290,276 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
 (expressed in thousands of New Taiwan dollars, except earnings per share) 

Note 

2015 

2014 
 
 2013 (Unaudited) 

Net revenue 
 23, 34 
 
 14,230,534 
 
 14,517,137 
 
 13,751,666 
 
 Cost of sales 
 10, 19, 20, 22, 24, 34 
 
 12,632,960 
 
 12,392,047 
 
 12,005,060 
 
 Gross profit 

1,597,574 
 
 2,125,090 
 
 1,746,606 
 
 Selling and distribution expenses 
 9, 14, 19, 20, 22, 24 
 
 450,505 
 
 338,134 
 
 287,725 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 14, 19, 20, 22, 24, 34 
 
 453,436 
 
 554,000 
 
 558,502 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 14, 19, 20, 24, 34 
 
 562,834 
 
 432,110 
 
 366,137 
 
 Other income 
 12, 25 
 
 75,228 
 
 69,055 
 
 665,397 
 
 Other gains and losses 
 17, 26 
 
 174,712 
 
 14,588 
 
 65,061 
 
 Finance costs 
 17, 27 
 
 (87,214) 
 
 (132,388) 
 
 (165,807) 
 
 Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees 
 11 
 
 10,873 
 
 (12,694) 
 (13,997) 
 Profit before income tax 

304,398 
 
 739,407 
 
 1,084,896 
 
 Income tax expense 
 28 
 
 905 
 
 92,442 
 
 204,175 
 
 Profit for the year 

303,493 
 
 646,965 
 
 880,721 
 
 Other comprehensive income 

Items that will never be reclassified to profit or loss 

Remeasurement of defined benefit obligations 

190 
 
 2,939 
 
 22,113 
 
 Items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss 

Foreign operations foreign currency translation differences 

136,645 
 
 185,770 
 
 60,786 
 
 Net change in fair value of available-for-sale financial assets 

(38,808) 
 (47,162) 
 (44,293) 
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

98,027 
 
 141,547 
 
 38,606 
 
 Total comprehensive income for the year 

401,520 
 
 788,512 
 
 919,327 
 
 Profit attributable to: 

Stockholders of Lextar Electronics Corporation 

308,934 
 
 661,163 
 
 912,475 
 
 Non-controlling interests 

(5,441) 
 (14,198) 
 (31,754) 
 Profit for the year 

303,493 
 
 646,965 
 
 880,721 
 
 Total comprehensive income attributable to: 

Stockholders of Lextar Electronics Corporation 

407,700 
 
 802,668 
 
 951,128 
 
 Non-controlling interests 

(6,180) 
 (14,156) 
 (31,801) 
 Total comprehensive income for the year 

401,520 
 
 788,512 
 
 919,327 
 
 Earnings per share 

Basic earnings per share 
 29 
 
 0.50 
 
 1.23 
 
 1.78 
 
 Diluted earnings per share 
 29 
 
 0.50 
 
 1.15 
 
 1.73 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
 (expressed in thousands of New Taiwan dollars) 

Equity attributable to owners of parent 

Share capital 
 
 Retained earnings 
 Other components of equity 

Exchange differences on 
 Unrealized losses 

Ordinary 
 Capital 
 collected 
 Capital 
 Legal 
 Special 
 
 Unappropriated 
 translation of foreign financial 
 on available- for-sale financial 

Treasury 
 
 Non-controlling 

shares 
 in advance 
 surplus 
 reserve 
 reserve 
 retained earnings 
 statements 
 assets 
 Others 
 stock 
 interests 
 Total equity 

Balance on January 1, 2013 (Unaudited) 
 4,304,724 
 895 
 3,433,042 
 124,258 
 201 
 665,128 
 (32,595) 
 (2,196) 

8,493,457 
 Profit (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2013 (Unaudited) 

912,475 
 - 
 - 

(31,754) 
 880,721 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2013 (Unaudited) 

22,113 
 60,833 
 (44,293) 

(47) 
 38,606 
 Comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2013 (Unaudited) 

934,588 
 60,833 
 (44,293) 

(31,801) 
 919,327 
 Appropriation and distribution of retained earnings (Unaudited) : 

Legal reserve 

29,095 
 - 
 (29,095) 

Special reserve 

34,590 
 (34,590) 

Cash dividends to shareholders 

(225,524) 

(225,524) 
 Issuance of shares due to merger (Unaudited) 
 849,750 
 
 1,402,088 

2,251,838 
 Non-controlling interest acquired due to merger (Unaudited) 

- 

48,877 
 48,877 
 Retirement of treasury stock due to merger (Unaudited) 
 (144,931) 
 
 (122,961) 

(116,175) 

(384,067) 
 Conversion of convertible bonds (Unaudited) 
 
 5,009 
 (467) 

4,542 
 Conversion of convertible bonds to ordinary shares (Unaudited) 
 220,425 
 (401) 
 302,438 

522,462 
 Share-based payment transactions (Unaudited) 

34,039 

54,542 

88,581 
 Employee stock options exercised (Unaudited) 
 
 4,114 

4,114 
 Issuance of shares for exercise of employee stock options (Unaudited) 
 4,042 
 (4,325) 
 283 

Issuance of restricted employee stock (Unaudited) 
 88,000 
 
 136,400 

(224,400) 

Difference between consideration and carrying amount of subsidiaries acquired or disposed (Unaudited) 

7,485 

(7,485) 
 
 Contribution by non-controlling interests (Unaudited) 

37,500 
 37,500 
 Changes in non-controlling interests (Unaudited) 

1,066 
 1,066 
 Balance on December 31, 2013 (Unaudited) 
 5,322,010 
 5,292 
 5,192,347 
 153,353 
 34,791 
 1,194,332 
 28,238 
 (46,489) 
 (169,858) 
 
 48,157 
 11,762,173 
 Profit (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2014 

661,163 
 - 
 - 

(14,198) 
 646,965 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2014 

2,939 
 185,728 
 (47,162) 

42 
 141,547 
 Comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2014 

664,102 
 185,728 
 (47,162) 

(14,156) 
 788,512 
 Appropriation and distribution of retained earnings : 

Legal reserve 

97,956 
 
 (97,956) 

Special reserve 

(16,540) 
 16,540 

Cash dividends on ordinary shares 

(669,201) 

(669,201) 
 Capital increase by cash 
 830,000 
 
 1,660,000 

2,490,000 
 Retirement of treasury stock 
 (8,700) 
 
 (13,695) 

22,395 
 
 - 
 Issuance of convertible bonds 

195,200 

195,200 
 Conversion of convertible bonds 
 
 125,157 
 (11,688) 

113,469 
 Conversion of convertible bonds to ordinary shares 
 49,558 
 (129,649) 
 80,091 

Difference between consideration and carrying amount of subsidiaries acquired or disposed 

4,736 

(4,736) 
 
 Share-based payment transactions 

(6,894) 

109,486 

102,592 
 Employee stock options exercised 
 
 33,649 

33,649 
 Issuance of shares for exercise of employee stock options 
 13,432 
 (33,211) 
 19,779 

Issuance of restricted employee stock 
 22,000 
 
 38,720 

(60,720) 

Expiration of restricted employee stock 

22,395 
 (22,395) 

Contribution by non-controlling interests 

25,000 
 25,000 
 Changes in non-controlling interests 

(4,847) 
 (4,847) 
 Balance on December 31, 2014 
 6,228,300 
 1,238 
 7,158,596 
 251,309 
 18,251 
 1,107,817 
 213,966 
 (93,651) 
 (98,697) 
 
 49,418 
 14,836,547 
 Profit (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2015 

308,934 

(5,441) 
 303,493 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2015 

190 
 137,384 
 (38,808) 

(739) 
 98,027 
 Comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2015 

309,124 
 137,384 
 (38,808) 

(6,180) 
 401,520 
 Appropriation and distribution of retained earnings : 

Legal reserve 

62,986 
 
 (62,986) 

Special reserve 

(18,251) 
 18,251 

Cash dividends on ordinary shares 

(93,443) 

(566,874) 

(660,317) 
 Acquisition of treasury stock 

(618,001) 
 
 (618,001) 
 Retirement of treasury stock 
 (206,692) 
 
 (94,724) 

301,416 

Conversion of convertible bonds 
 
 104 
 (9) 

95 
 Conversion of convertible bonds to ordinary shares 
 245 
 (622) 
 377 

Share-based payment transactions 

(960) 

54,277 

53,317 
 Loss of control of subsidiary 

(43,238) 
 (43,238) 
 Employee stock options exercised 
 
 412 

412 
 Issuance of shares for exercise of employee stock options 
 3,870 
 (720) 
 3,231 

6,381 
 Expiration of restricted employee stock 

17,320 
 (17,320) 

Balance on December 31, 2015 
 6,025,723 
 412 
 6,973,068 
 314,295 
 
 805,332 
 351,350 
 (132,459) 
 (27,100) 
 (333,905) 
 
 13,976,716 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 (expressed in thousands of New Taiwan dollars) 

2015 
 
 2014 
 2013 (Unaudited) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Profit before income tax 
 
 304,398 
 
 739,407 
 
 1,084,896 
 
 Adjustments for: 

Depreciation 
 2,080,207 
 
 2,046,212 
 
 1,970,885 
 
 Amortization 
 77,278 
 
 52,497 
 
 40,900 
 
 Changes in fair values of financial instruments 
 (37,849) 
 
 41,736 
 
 16,394 
 
 Interest expense 
 87,214 
 
 132,388 
 
 165,807 
 
 Interest income 
 (32,134) 
 
 (40,610) 
 
 (30,233) 
 
 Share-based payment transactions 
 53,317 
 
 102,592 
 
 88,581 
 
 Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees 
 (10,873) 
 
 12,694 
 
 13,997 
 
 Gain on bargain purchase 

(552,561) 
 
 Cash dividends received from associates accounted for using equity method 

6,206 
 
 Loss (gain) from disposal of property, plant and equipment 
 (167,090) 
 
 3,389 
 
 (621) 
 
 Gain from transfer of the right of long-term prepaid rents 

(61,919) 
 
 Gain from loss of control of subsidiary 
 (15,045) 

Others 
 (3,290) 
 (38) 
 13,122 

2,031,735 
 
 2,350,860 
 
 1,670,558 
 
 Change in: 

- Accounts receivable 
 175,567 
 
 (452,850) 
 
 476,181 
 
 - Inventories 
 (199,640) 
 
 (747,581) 
 
 (126,079) 
 
 - Other current assets 
 156,391 
 
 177,730 
 
 (101,055) 
 
 - Other financial assets 
 (164,571) 
 
 3,384 
 
 61,481 
 
 - Other operating assets 
 (7,125) 

- Accounts payable 
 189,661 
 
 198,543 
 
 (725,666) 
 
 - Other current liabilities 
 (1,608) 
 
 (126,233) 
 
 (153,535) 
 
 - Other non-current liabilities 
 19,005 
 
 (25,168) 
 22,623 

167,680 
 
 (972,175) 
 (546,050) 
 Cash generated from operating activities 
 2,503,813 
 
 2,118,092 
 
 2,209,404 
 
 Cash received from interest income 
 32,639 
 
 43,560 
 
 26,535 
 
 Cash paid for interest 
 (46,073) 
 
 (92,596) 
 
 (159,430) 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 (154,015) 
 (150,156) 
 (17,631) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 2,336,364 
 
 1,918,900 
 
 2,058,878 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisitions of available-for-sale financial assets 

(74,022) 
 
 (9,875) 
 
 Proceeds from disposal of available-for-sale financial assets 
 74,878 

Return of financial assets due to capital reduction 

1,050 

Net cash outflows from loss of control of subsidiary 
 (35,978) 

Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment 
 (624,023) 
 
 (2,112,821) 
 
 (669,412) 
 
 Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment 
 416,525 
 
 32,600 
 
 53,635 
 
 Decrease (increase) in refundable deposits 
 (992) 
 
 703 
 
 1,043 
 
 Net cash inflows from business combination 

1,872,412 
 
 Increase in other noncurrent assets 
 (141,762) 
 
 (85,237) 
 
 (13,342) 
 
 Proceeds from transfer of the right of long-term prepaid rents 

141,492 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 (311,352) 
 (2,096,235) 
 1,234,461 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 

Decrease in short-term borrowings, net 
 (924,629) 
 
 (142,895) 
 
 750,516 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of convertible bonds 

1,995,000 

Repayments of long-term borrowings 
 (1,250) 
 
 (3,143,693) 
 
 (1,867,121) 
 
 Increase in guarantee deposits 
 (775) 
 
 (291) 
 
 1,223 
 
 Cash dividends 
 (660,317) 
 
 (669,201) 
 
 (225,524) 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

2,490,000 

Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options 
 6,793 
 
 33,649 
 
 4,114 
 
 Cost of acquisition of treasury stock 
 (618,001) 

Net change of non-controlling interests and others 

25,000 
 
 37,500 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 (2,198,179) 
 587,569 
 
 (1,299,292) 
 Effect of exchange rate change on cash held 
 16,113 
 
 33,337 
 
 (32,969) 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (157,054) 
 
 443,571 
 
 1,961,078 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at January 1 
 5,397,182 
 
 4,953,611 
 
 2,992,533 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at December 31 
 
 5,240,128 
 
 5,397,182 
 
 4,953,611 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 (Unaudited) 
 (expressed in thousands of New Taiwan dollars unless otherwise specified) 

(1) 
 Organization 
 
 Lextar Electronics Corporation Lextar was incorporated on May 23, 2008 as a company limited by shares and registered under the Ministry of Economic Affairs, the Republic of China ROC ). Lextar went for IPO on the Taiwan Stock Exchange TWSE on September 29, 2011. Lextar and its subsidiaries (hereinafter referred to as the Company primarily is involved in the design, manufacture, and sale of InGaN Epi wafer and chips, Light-Emitting Diode LED package and module. Based on the resolution of the shareholders meeting held on February 1, 2010, Lextar resolved to acquire and merge with LightHouse Technology Co., LTD LightHouse on March 15, 2010. Lextar is the surviving company, and LightHouse was dissolved upon completion of the merger. 
 
 LightHouse was incorporated on January 27, 2003. The major business activities of LightHouse were the development, test, manufacture and sale of LED package. 
 
 Based on the resolution of the shareholders meeting held on October 31, 2012, Lextar resolved to acquire and merge with Wellypower Optronics Corporation Wellypower on February 1, 2013. Lextar is the surviving company, and Wellypower was dissolved upon completion of the merger. 
 
 Wellypower was incorporated on February 28, 1994. The major business activities of Wellypower were the manufacture and sale of cold cathode fluorescent lamp, LED and hot cathode fluorescent lamp. 
 
 (2) 
 The Authorization of Financial Statements 
 
 These consolidated financial statements were authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors of Lextar on August 9, 2016. 
 
 (3) 
 New Accounting Pronouncements Under International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS 
 
 (a) 
 New and revised standards, amendments and interpretations in issue but not yet effective 
 
 The Company has not adopted the following new, revised and amended IFRS that have been issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IASB but are not yet effective: 

(Continued) 

4 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

New standards and amendments 
 Effective date per IASB 
 IFRS 9 Financial Instruments 
 January 1, 2018 
 Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28, Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 
 Subject to IASB s announcement 
 Amendments to IFRS 10, IFRS 12 and IAS 28, Investments Entities: Applying the Consolidation Exception 
 January 1, 2016 
 Amendments to IFRS 11, Accounting for Acquisitions of Interests in Joint Operations 
 January 1, 2016 
 IFRS 14, Regulatory Deferral Accounts 
 January 1, 2016 
 IFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 January 1, 2018 
 IFRS 16, Lease 
 January 1, 2019 
 Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements -Disclosure Initiative 
 January 1, 2016 
 Amendments to IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows - Disclosure Initiative 
 January 1, 2017 
 Amendments to IAS 12, Recognition of Deferred Tax Assets for Unrealized Losses 
 January 1, 2017 
 Amendments to IAS 16 and IAS 38, Clarification of Acceptable Methods of Depreciation and Amortization 
 January 1, 2016 
 Amendments to IAS 16 and IAS 41, Agriculture: Bearer Plants 
 January 1, 2016 
 Amendments to IAS 27, Equity Method in Separate Financial Statements 
 January 1, 2016 
 Annual Improvements to IFRS: 2012-2014 cycles 
 January 1, 2016 

Note: The aforementioned new, revised and amended standards and interpretations are effective for annual periods beginning on or after the respective effective dates. 
 
 (b) 
 Except for the items discussed below, the Company believes that the initial adoption of aforementioned standards or interpretations will not have any significant impact on its accounting policies. 
 
 1. 
 IFRS 9, Financial Instruments 
 
 IFRS 9, published in July 2014, replaces the existing guidance in IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement . IFRS 9 includes revised guidance on the classification and measurement of financial instruments, including a new expected credit loss model for calculating impairment on financial assets, and the new general hedge accounting requirements. It also carries forward the guidance on recognition and derecognition of financial instruments from IAS 39. 

5 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 
 IFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 
 IFRS 15 establishes a five-step model framework for recognizing revenue that apply to all contracts with customers, and will supersede IAS 18, Revenue , IAS 11, Construction Contracts , and a number of revenue-related interpretations. The core principle in that framework is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to the customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. 
 
 The Company is assessing the potential impact on its financial position and results of operations as a result of the application of IFRS 9 and IFRS 15. The Company expects the assessment to be completed at the end of 2017. 
 
 (4) 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 The significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out as below. The significant accounting policies have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these consolidated financial statements, unless otherwise stated. 
 
 (a) 
 Statement of compliance 
 
 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. 
 
 (b) 
 Basis of preparation 
 
 1. 
 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the following material items in the consolidated statements of financial position: 
 
 (i) 
 Financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss (including derivative financial instruments) (note 7); 
 
 (ii) 
 Available-for-sale financial assets measured at fair value (note 8); and 
 
 (iii) 
 Defined benefit asset (liability) is recognized as the fair value the plan assets less the present value of the defined benefit obligation (note 20). 
 
 2. 
 Functional and presentation currency 
 
 The functional currency of each individual consolidated entity is determined based on the primary economic environment in which the entity operates. Lextar s primary activities are denominated in New Taiwan Dollar NTD ). Accordingly, NTD is Lextar s functional currency, which is also the presentation currency of the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

6 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

All financial information presented in NTD has been rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise noted. 
 
 (c) 
 Basis of consolidation 
 
 1. 
 Principle of preparation of the consolidated financial statements 
 
 The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases. Profit (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss) applicable to the non-controlling interests in a subsidiary are allocated to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. 
 
 Subsidiaries financial statements are adjusted to align the accounting policies with those of the Company. 
 
 Changes in the Company s ownership interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Company s investment and non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between such adjustment and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognized directly in equity and attributed to stockholders of Lextar. 
 
 Upon the loss of control, the Company derecognizes the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary and non-controlling interests, including other comprehensive income (loss) related to the subsidiary. Any surplus or deficit arising from the loss of control is recognized in profit or loss. The gain or loss is measured as the difference between: 
 
 (i) 
 The aggregate of: 
 
 A. 
 the far value of the consideration received, and 
 
 B. 
 the fair value of any retained non-controlling investment in the former subsidiary at the date when the Company losses control. 
 
 (ii) 
 The aggregate of the carrying amount of the former subsidiary s assets (including goodwill), liabilities and non-controlling interests at the date when the Company losses control. 

7 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 
 List of subsidiaries in the consolidated financial statements 

Percentage of Ownership ) 
 
 Name of investor 
 
 Name of subsidiary 
 
 Main Activities and Location 
 
 December 31,2015 
 
 December 31,2014 
 
 The Company 
 
 Lextar (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (LEXSG) 
 
 General Investing (Singapore) 
 
 100 
 
 100 

Liang Li Investment Co., Ltd. (Liang Li) 
 
 General Investing (Taiwan) 
 
 100 
 
 100 

Wellypower Optronics Corp. (Wellypower) 
 
 Investment and sale of products (Taiwan) 
 
 100 
 
 100 

Apower Optronics Corp. (Apower) 
 
 Investment and sale of products (BVI) 
 
 100 
 
 100 

Wellybond Corporation (Wellybond) 
 
 General Investing (Taiwan) 
 
 100 
 
 100 

Wellybond Optronics (H.K.) Limited (Wellybond (H.K.)) 
 
 General Investing (Hong Kong) 
 
 100 
 
 100 

Trendylite Corporation 
 (Trendylite) 
 
 Sale of products (Taiwan) 
 
 100 
 
 100 
 
 LEXSG 
 
 Lextar Electronics (SuZhou) Co., Ltd. (LEXZ) 
 
 Manufacture of Light-Emitting Diode (wafer light bar module) (PRC) 
 
 100 
 
 100 

Lextar Electronics (Xiamen) Co., Ltd. (LEXM) 

100 
 
 100 

Lextar Electronics Korea Ltd. 
 
 Sale of Light-Emitting Diode and After-sales service (South Korea) 
 
 100 
 
 100 
 
 Wellypower 
 
 Wellypower Optronics (SuZhou) Corporation 
 (Wellypower (SuZhou)) 
 
 Manufacture and sale of CCFL LED and PCB surface mount technology (PRC) 
 
 13.36 
 
 13.36 
 
 Apower 
 
 Wellypower Optronics (SuZhou) Corporation 
 (Wellypower (SuZhou)) 

86.64 
 
 86.64 
 
 Wellybond (H.K.) 
 
 SuZhou Welly Trading Co., Ltd 
 (SuZhou Welly 
 
 Import and export trade, Wholesale (PRC) 
 
 100 
 
 100 
 
 Liang Li and Wellybond 
 
 Verticil Electronics Corporation (Verticil) 
 
 Business of power convertors (Taiwan) 
 
 0 (Note 2) 
 
 32.17 
 (Note 1) 

Verticil 

Wellypower Electronics (Samoa) Corp. Wellypower (Samoa)) 
 
 Investment holding (Samoa) 
 
 0 (Note 2) 
 
 100 
 (Note 1) 
 
 Wellypower 
 (Samoa) 
 
 Weiliyang (Suzhou) Optoelectronics Co., Ltd. (Weiliyang (Suzhou)) 
 
 Manufacture and sale of light products and power supply (PRC) 
 
 0 (Note 2) 
 
 100 
 (Note 1) 

Note 1: The Company held no more than 50 of Verticil s shares. However, the Company still considered to have control over it; therefore, Verticil was included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 
 Note 2: 
 Beginning May 2015, the Company lost control over the financial and operating policies of Verticil because it no longer has the majority vote in the board of director s meeting, resulting in the exclusion of Verticil as a subsidiary in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. Therefore, the Company s investment in Vercitil and its subsidiaries was accounted for under available-for-sale financial asset noncurrent. 
 
 (d) 
 Foreign currencies 
 
 1. 
 Foreign currency transaction 

8 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of the individual entities of the Company at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are retranslated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at that date. The foreign currency gain or loss on monetary items is the difference between amortized cost in the functional currency at the beginning of the period adjusted for the effective interest and payments during the period, and the amortized cost in foreign currency translated at the exchange rate at the end of the period. 
 
 Non monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value was determined. Non monetary items in a foreign currency that are measured based on historical cost are translated using the exchange rate at the date of translation. 
 
 Foreign currency differences arising on retranslation are recognized in profit or loss, except for those differences relating to the following which are recognized in other comprehensive income: 
 
 1) Available for sale equity investment; 
 2) A financial liability designated as a hedge of the net investment in a foreign operation to the extent that the hedge is effective; or 
 3) Qualifying cash flow hedges to the extent the hedge is effective. 

9 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 
 Foreign operations 
 
 For the purpose of presenting consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Company s foreign operations are translated into NTD using the exchange rates at each reporting date. Income and expenses of foreign operations are translated at the average exchange rates for the period unless the exchange rates fluctuate significantly during the period; in that case, the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used. Foreign currency differences are recognized in other comprehensive income within equity, except to the extent that the translation difference is allocated to non-controlling interests. 
 
 (e) 
 Classification of current and non-current assets and liabilities 
 
 An asset is classified as current when: 
 
 1. 
 The asset expected to realize, or intends to sell or consume, in its normal operating cycle; 
 
 2. 
 The asset primarily held for the purpose of trading; 
 
 3. 
 The asset expected to realize within twelve months after the reporting date; or 
 
 4. 
 Cash and cash equivalent excluding the asset restricted to be exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months after the reporting date. 
 
 All other assets are classified as non-current. 
 
 A liability is classified as current when: 
 
 1. 
 The liability expected to settle in its normal operating cycle; 
 
 2. 
 The liability primarily held for the purpose of trading; 
 
 3. 
 The liability is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting date; or 
 
 4. 
 The Company does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting date. Terms of a liability that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by the issuance of equity instruments, do not affect its classification. 
 
 All other liabilities are classified as non-current. 

10 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(f) 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 Cash comprise cash balances and demand deposits. Cash equivalents comprise short-term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in their fair value. Deposits with short-term maturity, but not for investments and other purposes, and are qualified with the aforementioned criteria are classified as cash equivalents. 
 
 (g) 
 Financial instruments 
 
 Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially recognized when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments. 
 
 1. 
 Financial assets 
 
 The Company classifies financial assets into the following categories: financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss, receivables and available-for-sale financial assets. 
 
 (i) 
 Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 The Company has certain financial assets classified in this category as held-for-trading for the purpose of hedging exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks arising from operating and financing activities. When a derivative financial instrument is not effective as a hedge the Company accounts for it as a financial asset or liability measured at fair value through profit or loss. See note 7 for further detail of the Company s derivative financial instruments. 
 
 (ii) 
 Available-for-sale financial assets 
 
 Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivative financial assets that are either designated as available-for-sale or are not classified as receivables or financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss. Available-for-sale financial assets are recognized initially at fair value, plus any directly attributable transaction cost. Subsequent to initial recognition, they are measured at fair value and changes therein, other than impairment losses, are recognized in other comprehensive income and presented within equity in unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments. When an investment is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss in equity is reclassified to profit or loss. A regular way, purchase or sale of financial assets shall be recognized and derecognized, as applicable, using trade date accounting. 
 
 Investments in equity instruments that do not have a quoted market price in an active market, and whose fair value cannot be reliably measured, are carried at their cost less any impairment losses. 
 
 Cash dividends on equity instruments are recognized in profit or loss on the date that the Company s right to receive dividends is established. Stock dividends are recorded as an increase in the number of shares held and do not affect investment income. The cost per share is recalculated based on the new total number of shares. 
 
 (iii) 
 Receivables 

11 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Receivables are financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market. Receivables comprise trade receivables and other receivables and investment in debt security with no active market. Such assets are recognized initially at fair value, plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequently, receivables are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment. If the effect of discounting is immaterial, the short-term receivables are measured at the original amount. 
 
 (iv) 
 Impairment of financial assets 
 
 Financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss are assessed at each reporting date for indicators of impairment. Financial assets are considered to be impaired if an objective evidence indicates that, as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the financial asset, the estimated future cash flows of those assets have been negatively impacted. 
 
 The objective evidence that an available-for-sale equity security is impaired includes a significant or prolonged decline in its fair value below its cost. When an available-for-sale equity security is considered to be impaired, cumulative gains or losses previously recognized in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss. Such impairment losses are not reversed through profit or loss. However, any subsequent recovery in the fair value of an impaired available-for-sale equity security is recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in other components of equity. 
 
 For receivables, the Company first assesses whether objective evidence of impairment exists that are individually significant. If there is objective evidence that an impairment loss has occurred, the amount of impairment loss is assessed individually. For receivables other than those aforementioned, the Company groups those assets and collectively assesses them for impairment. An impairment loss for trade receivables is reflected in an allowance account against the receivables. When it is determined a receivable is uncollectible, it is written off from the allowance account. Any subsequent recovery of receivable previously written off is credited against the allowance account. Changes in the amount of the allowance accounts are recognized in profit or loss. 

12 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

For equity instruments without a quoted market price in an active market, the objective evidence of impairment includes the investees financial information, current operating result, future business plans and relevant industry and public market information. An impairment loss for this kind of equity instruments is reduced from the carrying amount and any impairment loss recognized is not reversed through profit or loss in subsequent periods. 
 
 Bad debt expenses and reversal of allowance for doubtful debts for trade receivables are recognized in general and administrative expenses while impairment losses and reversal of impairment for financial assets other than receivables are recognized in other gains and losses. 
 
 (v) 
 De-recognition of financial assets 
 
 The Company derecognizes financial assets when the contractual rights of the cash inflow from the asset are terminated, or when the Company transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets to another entity. 
 
 On de-recognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received or receivable and any cumulative gain or loss that had been recognized in other comprehensive income is recognized in profit or loss. 
 
 2. 
 Financial liabilities 
 
 The Company classifies financial liabilities into the following categories: convertible bonds, financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss and other financial liabilities. 
 
 (i) 
 Convertible bonds 
 (ii) 
 
 Convertible bonds issued by the Company give bondholders the right to convert bonds into a given number of equity instruments of Lextar at a specific conversion price. The derivatives embedded in the convertible bonds are recognized initially at fair value in financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss. The difference between the par value of the convertible bonds and the fair value of the derivatives is recognized in convertible bonds payable. 
 
 Transaction costs that relate to the issue of the convertible bonds are included in the initial carrying amount of the liability component and amortized using the effective interest method. 

13 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(ii) 
 Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 The Company designates financial liabilities in this category as held for trading for the purpose of hedging exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks arising from operating and financing activities. When a derivative financial instrument is not effective as a hedge the Company accounts for it as a financial asset or liability measured at fair value through profit or loss. See note 7 for further detail of the Company s derivative financial instruments. 
 
 The Company designates financial liabilities, other than the one mentioned above, as measured at fair value through profit or loss at initial recognition. Attributable transaction costs are recognized in profit or loss as incurred. Financial liabilities in this category are subsequently measured at fair value and changes therein, which takes into account any interest expense, are recognized in profit or loss. 
 
 (iii) 
 Other financial liabilities 
 
 Financial liabilities not classified as held for trading, or not designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss (including loans and borrowings, trade and other payables), are measured at fair value, plus any directly attributable transaction cost at the time of initial recognition. Subsequent to initial recognition, they are measured at amortized cost calculated using the effective interest method, except for insignificant recognition of interest expense from short-term borrowings and trade payables. Interest expense not capitalized as an asset cost is recognized in profit or loss. 
 
 (iv) 
 De-recognition of financial liabilities 
 
 The Company derecognizes financial liabilities when the contractual obligation has been discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount and the consideration paid or payable, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed is recognized in profit or loss. 
 (v) 
 Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities 
 
 The Company presents financial assets and liabilities on a net basis when the Company has the legally enforceable rights to offset, and intends to settle such financial assets and liabilities on a net basis or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. 
 
 3. 
 Derivative financial instruments 
 
 The Company holds derivative financial instruments to hedge its foreign currency and interest rate exposures. Derivatives are recognized initially at fair value, and attributable transaction costs are recognized in profit or loss as incurred. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives are measured at fair value, and changes therein are recognized in profit or loss. 
 
 (h) 
 Inventories 
 
 The cost of inventories includes all necessary expenditures and charges for bringing the inventory to a stable, useable and marketable condition and location. Inventories are recorded at cost, and cost is 

14 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

determined using the weighted-average method. The production overhead is allocated based on the normal capacity of the production facilities. Inventories are measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value for raw materials is based on replacement cost. Net realizable value for finished goods and work in process is calculated based on the estimated selling price less all estimated costs of completion and necessary selling costs. 
 
 (i) 
 Investment in associates 
 
 Associates are those entities in which the Company has the power to exercise significant influence, but not control or joint control, over their financial and operating policies. Significant influence is presumed to exist when the Company holds between 20 and 50 of the voting power of an investee. 
 
 Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method and are recognized initially at cost. The cost of the investment includes transaction costs. The carrying amount of the investment in associates includes goodwill, which is arising from the acquisition, less any accumulated impairment losses. 
 
 The difference between acquisition cost and fair value of associates identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date is accounted for as goodwill. Goodwill is included in the original investment cost of acquired associates and is not amortized. If the fair value of identified assets and liabilities is in excess of acquisition cost, the remaining excess over acquisition cost is recognized as a gain in profit or loss. 
 
 Upon the sale of investment in associates, the difference between the selling price and carrying amount of the investment at the date of sale is recognized as a disposal gain or loss. In proportion to the percentage disposed of, other components of equity from the investment resulting from the Company s proportionate share in the net equity of the investee are recognized in profit or loss. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements include the Company s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of associates, after adjustments to align the accounting policies with those of the Company, from the date that significant influence commences until the date that significant influence ceases. 

15 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The Company discontinues the use of the equity method from the date when the Company ceases to have significant influence over an associate, and then measures the retained interests at fair value at that date. The difference between the carrying amount of the investment at the date the equity method was discontinued and the fair value of the retained interests along with any proceeds from disposing of a part interest in the associate is recognized in profit or loss. Moreover, the Company accounts for all amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income in relation to that investment on the same basis as would be required if the associate had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. 
 
 Unrealized profits resulting from the transactions between the Company and associates are eliminated to the extent of the Company s interest in the associate. Unrealized losses on transactions with associates are eliminated in the same way, except to the extent that the underlying asset is impaired. 
 
 When the Company s share of losses exceeds its interest in an associate, the carrying amount of that interest, including any long-term investments that form part thereof, is reduced to zero, and the recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Company has an legal or contractual obligation, or has made payments on behalf of the investee. 
 
 (j) 
 Property, plant and equipment 
 
 1. 
 Recognition and measurement 
 
 Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributed to the acquisition of the asset, any cost directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management, the initial estimate of the costs of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site on which it is located, and any borrowing cost that is eligible for capitalization. The cost of the software is capitalized as part of the equipment if the purchase of the software is necessary for the equipment to be capable of operating. 
 
 When part of an item of property, plant and equipment with a cost that is significant in relation to the total cost of the item and the useful life or the depreciation method of the significant part is different from another significant part of that same item, it is accounted for as a separate item (significant component) of property, plant and equipment. 
 
 The gain or loss arising from the disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds, if any, and the carrying amount of the item, and is recognized in other gains and losses. 

16 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 
 Subsequent cost 
 
 Subsequent expenditure is capitalized only when it is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the expenditure will flow to the Company and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of those parts that are replaced is derecognized to profit or loss. Ongoing repairs and maintenance is recognized in profit or loss as incurred. 
 
 3. 
 Depreciation 
 
 Excluding land, depreciation is recognized in profit or loss and provided over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, considering significant components of an individual asset, on a straight-line basis less any residual value. If a component has a useful life that is different from the remainder of that asset, that component is depreciated separately. 
 
 Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that the Company will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term. 
 
 The estimated useful lives of the assets, except for land are as follows: 
 
 (i) 
 Buildings: 35 years 
 
 (ii) 
 Machinery and equipment: 3 ~9 years 
 
 (iii) 
 Other equipment: 1 ~ 6 years 
 
 Depreciation methods, useful lives, and residual values are reviewed at each annual reporting date and, if necessary, adjusted as appropriate. Any changes therein are accounted for as changes in accounting estimates. 
 
 (k) 
 Long-term prepaid rent 
 
 Long-term prepaid rent is for the use right of land (classified as other noncurrent assets), which is amortized over the shorter of economic useful life or covenant period on a straight-line basis. 
 
 (l) 
 Lease 
 
 1. 
 Lessor 
 
 Lease income from operating lease is recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease is added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognized as an expense over the lease term on the same basis as the lease income. 

17 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 
 Lessee 
 
 Payments made under operating lease (excluding insurance and maintenance expenses) are recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 
 
 (m) 
 Intangible assets 
 
 1. 
 Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill is recognized when the purchase price exceeds the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses. 
 
 Investor-level goodwill is included in the carrying amounts of the equity investments. The impairment losses for the goodwill within the equity-accounted investees are accounted for as deductions of carrying amounts of investments in equity-accounted investees. 

2. 
 Research development 
 
 During the research phase, activities are carried out to obtain and understand new scientific or technical knowledge. Expenditures during this phase are recognized in profit or loss as incurred. 
 
 Expenditure arising from development is capitalized as an intangible asset when the Company demonstrates all of the following: (i) the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale; (ii) its intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it; (iii) its ability to use or sell the intangible asset; (iv) the probability that the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits; (v) the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development project; and (vi) its ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development. 
 
 Capitalized development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses. 
 
 3. 
 Other intangible assets 
 
 Technology-related fees, including purchased patents and licenses pursuant to patent licensing agreements, and core technologies acquired in connection with a merger are measured at cost less accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses. 

18 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

4. 
 Subsequent expenditure 
 
 Subsequent expenditure is capitalized only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which it relates. All other expenditure, including expenditure on internally generated goodwill and brands, is recognized in profit or loss as incurred. 
 
 5. 
 Amortization 
 
 The depreciable amount of an intangible asset is the cost less its residual value. An intangible asset with a finite useful life is amortized over 3 to 12 years using the straight-line method from the date that the asset is made available for use. 
 
 Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful life are not amortized but tested for impairment annually. The residual value, amortization period, and amortization method are reviewed at least annually at each annual reporting date, and any changes therein are accounted for as changes in accounting estimates. 
 
 (n) 
 Impairment non-financial assets 
 
 Other than inventories, deferred tax assets and assets arising from employee benefits, non-financial assets are reviewed at the reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives or that are not yet available for use, are required to be tested for impairment at least annually. When there is an indication of impairment exists for the aforementioned assets, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated. If it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit CGU to which the asset has been allocated to. 
 
 In performing an impairment test for the aforementioned assets, the estimated recoverable amount is evaluated in terms of an asset or a CGU. Recoverable amount is defined as the higher of (a) an asset s or a CGU s fair value less costs to dispose (if determinable), or (b) its value in use , which is defined as the present value of the expected future cash flows generated by the asset or CGU. Any excess of the carrying amount of the asset or its related CGU over its recoverable amount is recognized as an impairment loss. Goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. Impairment losses recognized in respect of a CGU are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit, then the carrying amounts of the other assets in the unit on a pro rata basis. 
 If there is evidence that the accumulated impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives in prior years no longer exists or has diminished, the amount previously recognized as an impairment loss is reversed, and the carrying amount of the asset or CGU is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount. The increase in the carrying amount shall not exceed the carrying amount (net of depreciation or amortization) had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years. The impairment loss recognized on goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives is not reversed. 
 
 (o) 
 Provisions 
 
 A provision is recognized for a legal or constructive obligation arising from a past event, if there is probable outflow of resources and the amount can be estimated reliably. Provisions are determined by 

19 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects the current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognized as interest expense. 
 
 (p) 
 Treasury stock 
 
 Repurchased shares are recognized under treasury shares (a contra-equity account) based on their repurchase price (including all directly accountable costs), net of tax. Gains on disposal of treasury shares should be recognized under capital reserve treasury share transactions . Losses on disposal of treasury shares should be offset against existing capital reserves arising from similar types of treasury shares. If there are insufficient capital reserves to be offset against, then such losses should be accounted for under retained earnings. The carrying amount of treasury shares should be calculated using the weighted average of different types of repurchases. 
 
 During the cancellation of treasury shares, capital reserve share premiums and share capital should be debited proportionately. Gains on cancellation of treasury shares should be recognized under existing capital reserves arising from similar types of treasury shares; Losses on cancellation of treasury shares should be offset against existing capital reserves arising from similar types of treasury shares. If there are insufficient capital reserves to be offset against, then such losses should be accounted for under retained earnings. 
 
 (q) 
 Revenue recognition 
 
 1. 
 Goods sold 
 
 Revenue from the sale of goods in the course of ordinary activities is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of returns, trade discounts and volume rebates. Revenue is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the customer, recovery of the consideration is probable, the associated costs and possible return of goods can be estimated reliably, there is no continuing management involvement with the goods, and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably. If it is probable that discounts will be granted and the amount can be measured reliably, then the discount is recognized as a reduction of revenue as the sales are recognized. 
 
 The timing of the transfers of risks and rewards varies depending on the individual terms of the sales agreement. 

20 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 
 Government grants 
 
 Government grants without additional conditions are recognized as other income when it is receivable. 
 
 Other government grants with additional conditions shall be recognized as deferred income or deduction of book value of government-grant related asset if the Company will fulfill the conditions. If the government grant is to compensate the Company s expenses, it shall be recognized as other income; if the government grant is to compensate the acquisition cost of asset, it shall be recognized in profit or loss during the useful life of the asset. 
 
 (r) 
 Employee benefits 
 
 1. 
 Defined contribution plans 
 
 Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognized as an employee benefit expense in profit or loss in the periods during which services are rendered by employees. 

2. 
 Defined benefit plans 
 
 The Company s net obligation in respect of defined benefit pension plans is calculated separately for each benefit plan by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods, discounting that amount and deducting the fair value of any plan assets. Discount rate is determined by reference to the yield rate of Taiwan government bonds at the reporting date. The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the Projected Unit Credit Method. 
 
 Actuarial gains and losses arising from defined benefit plans are recognized in other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur, and which then are reflected in retained earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss. 
 
 3. 
 Short-term employee benefits 
 
 Short-term employee benefit obligations, which are due to be settled within twelve months are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service is provided. 
 
 The expected cost of cash bonus or profit-sharing plans are recognized as a liability when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably. 

21 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(s) 
 Share-based payment transactions 
 
 The compensation cost of employee share-based payment transactions is measured based on the fair value at the date on which they are granted. The compensation cost is recognized, together with a corresponding increase in equity, over the periods in which the performance and/or service conditions are being fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognized for share-based payment transactions at each reporting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has passed and the Company s estimate of the quantity of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. 
 
 (t) 
 Borrowing cost 
 
 Borrowing costs which can be allocated to the purchasing, constructing and manufacturing of certain asset shall be capitalized during the period required in completing the asset. Other borrowing costs are recognized as expenses. In addition, capitalization of borrowing costs will cease when the activities aimed to complete the asset come to an end. 
 
 Investment income from loans unused shall be recognized as a deduction of capitalized borrowing costs. 
 
 (u) 
 Income taxes 
 
 Income tax expense comprises current and deferred taxes. 
 
 1. 
 Current income taxes 
 
 Current taxes comprises the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or losses for the year and any adjustments to tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted tax rate at the reporting date. 
 
 In accordance with the ROC Income Tax Act, undistributed earnings from the companies located in the Republic of China, if any, is subject to an additional 10 surtax. The 10 tax on unappropriated earnings is recognized during the period the earnings arise and adjusted to the extent that distributions are approved by the stockholders in the following year. 
 
 2. 
 Deferred income taxes 
 
 Deferred income taxes are recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for temporary difference of future taxable income. Deferred income taxes are not recognized for: 

22 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(i) 
 temporary difference on the initial recognition of assets and liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects neither taxable profit or loss; 
 
 (ii) 
 temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements to the extent the Company is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and 
 
 (iii) 
 temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill. 
 
 Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized. 
 
 Deferred income tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted tax rate on the reporting date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met. 
 
 Current and deferred income taxes are recognized in profit or loss, except for taxes relating to items recognized in other comprehensive income. 
 
 (v) 
 Business combination 
 
 The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in the acquisition is measured at fair value, as are identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill is measured as the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the fair value of the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred, after reassessing all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed being properly identified, the difference is recognized in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase. 
 
 Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred, except that the costs are related to the issue of debt or equity securities. 

23 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(w) 
 Earnings per share 
 
 Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing profit or loss attributable to the stockholders of Lextar by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Lextar s convertible bonds and employee stock bonuses are potential common shares. In computing diluted earnings per share, profit or loss attributable to the stockholders of Lextar and the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for the effects of dilutive potential common stock, assuming dilutive share equivalents had been issued. The weighted-average outstanding shares are retroactively adjusted for the effects of stock dividends transferred from retained earnings and capital surplus to common stock. 
 
 (x) 
 Operating segments and geographic information 
 
 The Company s chief operating decision maker only receives consolidated financial statements. Consequently, management has determined that the Company has no operating segments as that term is defined in IFRS 8, Segment Information . Geographic net revenue information is based upon the location of customers placing orders. Geographic non-current asset information is based on the physical location of the assets. 
 
 (5) 
 Use of Judgments and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of the accounting policies and the reported amount of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 
 Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed by management on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected. 
 
 There have been no critical judgments involved in the consolidated financial statements. There have been no significant risks pertaining to estimates and assumptions which may cause significant adjustments in the following year. 
 
 (6) 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Cash on hand and demand deposits 
 
 2,672,124 
 
 1,787,570 
 
 Time deposits 
 1,674,004 
 
 2,328,612 
 
 Bond acquired under repurchase agreement 
 894,000 
 
 1,281,000 

5,240,128 
 
 5,397,182 

Refer to note 31 for the disclosure of currency risk and sensitivity analysis of the financial assets and liabilities of the Company. 

24 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, deposits not qualifying as cash and cash equivalents amounting to 25,861 thousand and 31,861 thousand, respectively, were classified as other current financial assets. 
 
 (7) 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 
 1. 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss-current: 

Forward exchange contracts 
 
 1,875 
 
 206 
 
 Redemption rights of bonds payable at the option of the Company or the bondholders (note 17) 

34 

1,875 
 
 240 
 
 Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss-current: 

Forward exchange contracts 
 
 15,037 
 
 42,351 
 
 Foreign exchange swap contracts 
 5,816 
 
 28,639 
 
 Redemption rights of bonds payable at the option of the Company or the bondholders (note 17) 
 29,173 
 
 15,185 

50,026 
 
 86,175 

Refer to note 31 for the disclosure of the Company s credit, currency and interest rate risks related to financial instruments. 
 
 The Company uses derivative financial instruments to hedge exchange risk the Company is exposed to from its operating activities, financing activities and investment activities. The Company held derivative financial instruments not designated as hedging instruments presented as follow: 
 
 December 31, 2015 
 Derivative financial 
 Instruments 
 Nominal amount 
 ___(thousand)__ 
 Currency 
 __Maturity date___ 

Forward exchange contracts 
 USD 58,000 
 sell USD / buy NTD 
 2016.1.11~2016.5.10 
 Forward exchange contracts 
 USD 1,049 
 sell USD / buy JPY 
 2016.1.25~2016.4.25 
 Forward exchange contracts 
 EUR 1,480 
 sell EUR / buy NTD 
 2016.1.11~2016.4.08 
 Forward exchange contracts 
 JPY 62,063 
 buy JPY / sell NTD 
 2016.1.25~2016.3.25 
 Forward exchange contracts 
 USD 10,000 
 sell CNY / buy USD 
 2016.1.26~2016.3.25 
 Foreign exchange swap 
 contracts 
 USD 31,000 
 swap in USD/swap out NTD 
 2016.2.05~2016.4.11 

25 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2014 
 Derivative financial 
 Instruments 
 Nominal amount 
 ___(thousand)__ 
 Currency 
 __Maturity date___ 

Forward exchange contracts 
 USD 28,000 
 sell USD / buy NTD 
 2015.1.12~2015.2.10 
 Forward exchange contracts 
 USD 1,708 
 sell USD / buy JPY 
 2015.1.26~2015.2.25 
 Forward exchange contracts 
 JPY 72,198 
 buy JPY / sell NTD 
 2015.1.26 
 Foreign exchange swap 
 contracts 
 USD 36,500 
 Swap in USD/Swap out NTD 
 2015.1.12~2015.3.10 

(8) 
 Available-for-sale financial assets noncurrent 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Equity securities 
 
 249,380 
 
 313,203 
 
 Less: unrealized losses 
 (132,459) 
 (93,651) 

116,921 
 
 219,552 

Available-for-sale securities held by the Company mainly comprised of publicly listed equity shares. If the share price of these securities appreciates or depreciates by 10 at the reporting date, other comprehensive income would increase or decrease 10,672 thousand, 21,955 thousand and 19,269 thousand (Unaudited) for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 
 Investments in unlisted company stocks held by the Company are measured at amortized cost at year-end, given the range of reasonable fair value estimates is large and the probability for each estimate cannot be reasonably determined; therefore, the Company management had determined that the fair value cannot be measured reliably. 
 
 The above financial instruments were not used as collateral as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. 
 
 (9) 
 Accounts Receivable, net (including related and non-related parties) 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Accounts receivable 
 
 3,841,894 
 
 3,600,336 
 
 Accounts receivable- related parties 
 1,203,388 
 
 1,541,113 
 
 Other receivables 
 199,981 
 
 35,850 
 
 Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 
 (15,792) 
 
 (6,136) 
 
 allowance for sales returns and discounts 
 (102,804) 
 (1,445) 

5,126,667 
 
 5,169,718 

Accounts receivable (including those of the related parties) arise from in operating activities. Other receivables include restricted bank deposits not accounted for as cash equivalents and receivables from the sales of equipment. 

26 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Aging analysis of notes and accounts receivable, which were past due but not impaired, was as follows: 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Past due 0~30 days 
 
 106,271 
 
 66,680 
 
 Past due 31~60 days 
 21,897 
 
 13,205 
 
 Past due 61~90 days 
 1,114 
 
 2,803 
 
 Past due over 91 days 
 10,058 
 
 2,480 

139,340 
 
 85,168 

Based on historical experience and customer credits, the Company believed that the overdue receivables, in which no allowances for uncollectible amounts were set against to, are still deemed recoverable. 
 
 The Company recognized impairment loss on notes and accounts receivable using individual and collective assessment methods. The movement in the allowance for notes and accounts receivable and other receivables was as follows: 

For the year ended December 31, 
 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 (Unaudited) 
 
 Individually assessed for impairment 
 Collectively assessed for impairment 
 Individually assessed for impairment 
 Collectively assessed for impairment 
 Individually assessed for impairment 
 Collectively assessed for impairment 

Balance on January 1 
 
 500 
 
 5,636 
 62,444 
 
 17,557 
 4,093 
 1,700 
 Acquired in business combination 

73,092 
 38,953 
 Recognized (reversal) of impairment loss 
 (500) 
 
 10,156 
 14,915 
 
 (11,921) 
 (14,741) 
 (23,096) 
 Write-off 
 - 
 
 - 
 (76,859) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Balance on December 31 
 
 - 

15,792 
 
 500 

5,636 
 
 62,444 
 
 17,557 

(10) 
 Inventories 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Raw materials 
 
 194,989 
 
 180,029 
 
 Work in progress 
 1,386,291 
 
 1,375,414 
 
 Finished goods 
 1,422,868 
 
 1,269,720 

3,004,148 
 
 2,825,163 

27 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The charges for inventories written down to net realizable value amounted to 198,533 thousand, 69,012 thousand and 147,941 thousand (Unaudited) for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, which were also included in the cost of sales. 
 
 As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, none of the Company s inventories was pledged as collateral. 
 
 (11) 
 Investments in equity-accounted investees 
 
 A summary of the Company s financial information for equity-accounted investees at the reporting date is as follows: 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Associates 
 
 242,381 
 
 232,756 

There is no practical market value for the investment accounted for using the equity method. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized its share of profit (loss) of associates of 10,873 thousand (12,694) thousand and (13,997) thousand (Unaudited) , respectively. 
 
 (a) 
 The financial information for investments accounted for using the equity method that are individually insignificant was as follows: 

December 31, 
 2015 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Carrying amount of individually insignificant associates equity 
 
 844,568 
 
 652,553 

(b) 
 The aggregate amount of the Company s share of its associates was as follows: 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 

The Company s share of profits (loss) of associates 
 10,873 
 
 (12,694) 
 (13,997) 
 The Company s share of other comprehensive income 

Total 
 10,873 
 
 (12,694) 
 (13,997) 

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company did not provide any investments accounted for using the equity method as collateral for its loans. 
 
 (12) 
 Subsidiaries and non-controlling interest 

28 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(a) 
 Although the Company is presumed to have disposed certain parts of its subsidiary s shares, it is still deemed to have control over its subsidiary 
 
 Verticil resolved to increase its capital by 25,000 thousand in September 2014. The Company did not subscribe the shares issued, and the percentage of Company s holding shares of Verticil decreased. 
 
 The changes in equity attributable to owners of the parent were as follows: 
 
 2014 
 Share portion of Verticil after increment of capital 
 
 24,573 
 
 Share portion of Verticil before increment of capital 
 19,837 
 
 Capital surplus difference between the consideration and the carrying amount of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of 
 
 4,736 

(b) 
 Loss of control over subsidiary 
 
 The Company sold part of its shares of Verticil, and had lost its control over the financial and operating policies of Verticil in May 2015. Therefore, the assets, liabilities, and other non-controlling interests of Verticil were excluded from the financial statements of the Company. Hence, the Company s investment in Vercitil was accounted for under available-for-sale financial asset noncurrent. 
 
 (i) 
 Proceeds received from the transaction of disposal of Verticil shares 
 
 The Company sold 2,425 thousand shares of Verticil at a price of 10.5 per share, and the total transaction price was 25,463 thousand. 

29 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(ii) 
 Loss of control over subsidiary s assets and liabilities 
 
 Items 
 Amounts 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 61,441 
 
 Accounts receivable and other current assets 
 58,042 
 
 Accounts payable and other current liabilities 
 (60,979) 
 
 Property, plant and equipment (note 13) 
 4,146 
 
 Other non-current assets 
 1,205 
 
 Derecognized net assets 
 
 63,855 

(iii) 
 Disposal gain recognized due to loss of control over the subsidiary 
 
 The fair value of the remaining share interests 
 
 10,199 
 
 Proceeds received 
 25,463 
 
 Non-controlling interests 
 43,238 
 
 Less: net assets derecognized 
 (63,855) 

15,045 

(iv) 
 Net cash outflows as a result of derecognition of the subsidiary 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents derecognized 
 
 35,978 

(13) 
 Property, plant and equipment 

30 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

For the year ended December 31, 2015 
 
 Balance, Beginning of Year 
 Additions 
 Impairment 
 Effect of loss 
 of control of 
 Subsidiary 
 
 Disposal or 
 Write off 
 Transfer from Construction in progress and 
 Testing equipment 
 Effect of change in 
 exchange rate 
 Balance, End of Year 

Cost: 

Land 
 716,511 
 
 736 

- 
 (167,861) 

549,386 
 
 Buildings 
 3,999,844 
 
 (1,854) 

- 
 (55,308) 

100,650 
 
 4,043,332 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 11,884,142 
 
 90,677 

- 
 (167,216) 
 
 23,534 
 
 12,235,656 
 
 Other equipment 
 878,819 
 
 41,690 

(12,635) 
 (3,541) 
 
 2,564 
 
 915,604 
 
 Construction in progress and testing equipment 
 194,383 
 
 343,767 

2,552 
 
 127,476 

17,673,699 
 
 475,016 

(12,635) 
 (393,926) 
 
 129,300 
 
 17,871,454 

Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss: 

Land 

Buildings 
 274,399 
 
 117,452 

(13,329) 

5,224 
 
 383,746 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 7,248,728 
 
 1,855,992 
 
 (2,434) 

(128,445) 

6,398 
 
 8,980,239 
 
 Other equipment 
 703,940 
 
 106,763 
 
 - 
 (8,489) 
 
 (2,717) 

1,028 
 
 800,525 
 
 Construction in progress and testing equipment 
 1,289 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 52 
 1,341 

8,228,356 
 
 2,080,207 
 
 (2,434) 
 
 (8,489) 
 
 (144,491) 
 - 
 12,702 
 
 10,165,851 
 
 Net carrying amounts 
 
 9,445,343 

7,705,603 

31 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

For the year ended December 31, 2014 
 
 Balance, Beginning of Year (Unaudited) 
 Additions 

Impairment 

Disposal or 
 Write off 
 Transfer from Construction in progress and 
 Testing equipment 
 
 Effect of change in 
 exchange rate 
 Balance, End of Year 

Cost: 

Land 
 
 167,126 
 
 549,385 

716,511 
 
 Buildings 
 3,219,479 
 
 645,749 

134,616 
 
 3,999,844 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 11,044,244 
 
 215,254 

(95,259) 
 
 690,486 
 
 29,417 
 
 11,884,142 
 
 Other equipment 
 805,867 
 
 83,828 

(2,197) 
 
 4,130 
 
 (12,809) 
 
 878,819 
 
 Construction in progress and testing equipment 
 67,078 
 
 828,173 
 - - 
 - 
 (694,616) 
 (6,252) 
 194,383 

15,303,794 
 
 2,322,389 
 
 - 
 (97,456) 
 - 
 144,972 
 
 17,673,699 
 
 Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss: 

Land 

- 
 Buildings 
 161,717 
 
 105,903 

6,779 
 
 274,399 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 5,463,695 
 
 1,820,825 

(43,944) 

8,152 
 
 7,248,728 
 
 Other equipment 
 584,246 
 
 119,484 

(1,304) 

1,514 
 
 703,940 
 
 Construction in progress and testing equipment 
 - 
 - 
 1,213 
 - 
 - 
 76 
 1,289 

6,209,658 
 
 2,046,212 
 
 1,213) 
 (45,248) 
 - 
 16,521 
 
 8,228,356 
 
 Net carrying amounts 
 
 9,094,136 

9,445,343 

As of December 31, 2014, the property, plant and equipment of the Company were pledged as collateral for long-term borrowings; please refer to note 35. 
 
 The interest rates applied for the capitalization ranged from 1.92 to 2.88 for the years ended December 31, 2014. 
 
 For the amounts of capitalized interest, please refer to note 27. 

(14) 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 The cost, amortization and impairment of the intangible assets of the Company for the years ended in December 31, 2015 and 2014 were as follows: 

32 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

For the year ended December 31, 2015 
 
 Balance, Beginning of Year 
 Additions 
 Balance, End of Year 
 Cost: 

Customer Relationship 
 44,153 

44,153 
 
 Core Technology 
 19,962 

19,962 
 
 Patent and royalty 
 29,950 

29,950 
 
 Goodwill 
 8,768 

8,768 

102,833 

102,833 
 
 Accumulated amortization: 

Customer Relationship 
 44,153 

44,153 
 
 Core Technology 
 19,962 

19,962 
 
 Patent and royalty 
 20,231 
 
 1,099 
 
 21,330 
 
 Goodwill 

84,346 
 
 1,099 
 
 85,445 
 
 Net carrying amounts 
 18,487 

17,388 

For the year ended December 31, 2014 
 
 Balance, Beginning of Year (Unaudited) 
 Additions 
 Balance, End of Year 
 Cost: 

Customer Relationship 
 44,153 

44,153 
 
 Core Technology 
 19,962 

19,962 
 
 Patent and royalty 
 29,950 

29,950 
 
 Goodwill 
 8,768 

8,768 

102,833 

102,833 

Accumulated amortization: 

Customer Relationship 
 44,153 

44,153 
 
 Core Technology 
 19,962 

19,962 
 
 Patent and royalty 
 19,132 
 
 1,099 
 
 20,231 
 
 Goodwill 

83,247 
 
 1,099 
 
 84,346 
 
 Net carrying amounts 
 19,586 

18,487 

33 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Intangible assets comprised of goodwill, customer relationship, and core technology amounting to 72,883 thousand, which were identified through purchase price allocation, and patent and royalty amounting to 17,083 thousand, which was carried over from the book of LightHouse on the merger date March 15, 2010. 
 
 Amortization expenses for intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 that were recorded as operating expenses and operating cost, respectively, were as follows: 

2015 
 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 

Operating cost 

Operating expenses 
 1,099 
 1,099 
 7,403 

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company did not provide any aforementioned intangible asset as collaterals. 
 
 (15) 
 Long-term prepayments for rents 
 
 The Company signed an agreement with the Ministry of Land and Resources of the People s Republic of China to acquire the right for the use land for its operating activities. The details were as follows: 

Location 

Period 
 
 December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Suzhou Industrial Park Chung Yuan Road 
 2010~2060 
 
 61,071 
 
 60,046 
 
 Suzhou Industrial Park Wei Ting Town Feng Ting Avenue 
 2003~2053 
 40,458 
 
 39,914 

101,529 
 
 99,960 

The Company has received a government subsidy which amounted to 270,119 thousand for the land-use right of Suzhou Industrial Park in 2010. The subsidy was recognized as deduction of the acquisition cost of long-term prepayments for rents. It is amortized through its estimated useful life. 
 
 (16) 
 Short-term borrowings 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Unsecured bank loans 

924,629 
 
 Annual interest rates 

1.84 ~2.055 

(17) 
 Convertible bonds payable 

34 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Aggregate principal amount 
 
 3,000,000 
 
 3,000,000 
 
 Unamortized discount 
 (136,275) 
 (179,857) 
 Accumulated converted amount 
 (977,600) 
 (977,500) 
 Ending balance of bonds payable 
 1,886,125 
 
 1,842,643 
 
 Less : Bonds payable current 

Ending balance of bonds payable non-current 
 1,886,125 
 
 1,842,643 
 
 Embedded derivative component - the value of redemption rights at the option of the Company/bondholders (recorded as current financial assets (liabilities) at fair value through profit or loss) 

First domestic unsecured convertible bonds 
 (2) 
 34 
 
 Second domestic unsecured convertible bonds 
 (29,171) 
 (15,185) 
 Equity component conversion right (recorded as capital surplus stock option) 
 197,331 
 
 197,340 

2015 
 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 
 Embedded derivative component - revaluation profit (loss) on redemption rights at the option of the Company/bondholders (recorded as other gains and losses) 
 (14,022) 
 5,442 
 
 3,466 
 
 Interest expense 
 43,577 
 
 43,091 
 
 5,821 

The offering information on the unsecured convertible bonds was as follows: 

35 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1 st domestic unsecured 
 convertible bonds 
 2 nd domestic unsecured 
 convertible bonds 

Offering amount 
 1,000,000 thousand 
 2,000,000 thousand 
 Issue date 
 August 16, 2012 
 January 9, 2014 
 Issuance price 
 At par value 
 At par value 
 Face interest rate 
 0 
 0 
 Effective rate 
 2.167026 
 2.34195 
 Issue period 
 August 16, 2012 to August 16, 2017 
 January 9, 2014 to January 9, 2019 

Redemption at the option of the Company 
 The Company may redeem the bonds at face value with cash or by converting them into stocks at any time after September 16, 2012 if the closing price of the common shares on TWSE on each trading day during a period of 30 consecutive trading dates exceeds at least 30 of the conversion price or if the outstanding balance of the Bonds is less than 10 of the offering amount. 
 The Company may redeem the bonds at face value with cash or by converting them into stocks at any time after July 9, 2014 if the closing price of the common shares on TWSE on each trading day during a period of 30 consecutive trading dates exceeds at least 30 of the conversion price or if the outstanding balance of the Bonds is less than 10 of the offering amount. 
 Redemption at the option of the holder 
 Each holder has the right to require the Company to redeem the holder s bonds on August 16, 2014 at a redemption price equal to the principal amount of the bonds with a yield-to-maturity of 1 per annum. 
 Each holder has the right to require the Company to redeem the holder s bonds on January 9, 2017 at a redemption price equal to the principal amount of the bonds with a yield-to-maturity of 0.5 per annum. 
 Conversion period 
 Unless the bonds are in the lock-out period, each Holder of the bonds will have the right at any time during the period from September 17, 2012, to August 6, 2017, to convert their bonds. The Company should deliver the common shares to the Holder within 5 days after accepting the demand for conversion. 
 Unless the bonds are in the lock-out period, each Holder of the bonds will have the right at any time during the period from February 10, 2014, to December 30, 2018, to convert their bonds. The Company should deliver the common shares to the Holder within 5 days after accepting the demand for conversion. 
 Conversion price on December 31,2015 (note) 
 23.3 
 30.08 

Note: The conversion price will be subject to adjustment in accordance with the conversion formula when the Company increases its capital or upon the occurrence of certain events involving the convertible bonds payable. 
 
 (18) 
 Long-term borrowings 

36 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2015 
 
 Currency 
 Rate 
 Maturity year 
 Amounts 
 Unsecured bank loans 
 NTD 
 1.73 ~1.8847 
 2017 
 
 1,798,750 
 
 Less current portions 

(851,250) 
 Total 

947,500 

December 31, 2014 
 
 Currency 
 Rate 
 Maturity year 
 Amounts 
 Unsecured bank loans 
 NTD 
 1.8 ~1.943 
 2016~2017 
 
 1,800,000 
 
 Less current portions 

(1,250) 
 Total 

1,798,750 

For the collateral for long-term borrowings, please refer to note 35. 
 
 (19) 
 Operating lease 
 
 Non-cancellable lease payments as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 were as follows: 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Less than one year 
 
 28,516 
 
 33,054 
 
 Between one and five years 
 63,194 
 
 59,465 
 
 Over five years 
 0 
 9,266 

91,710 
 
 101,785 

The Company leased office space and factories under operating leases and had an option to renew the leases. 
 
 Rental expense for operating leases amounted to 46,064 thousand, 78,956 thousand and 94,053 thousand (Unaudited) for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 
 
 The Company does not participate in the residual value of the land and building. Therefore, lease contracts are considered as operating leases. 

37 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(20) 
 Employee benefits 
 
 (a) 
 Defined benefit plans 
 
 (i) 
 Recognized assets (liabilities) for defined benefit obligations at the reporting date were as follows: 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Present value of the defined benefit obligations 
 
 (17,794) 
 (20,594) 
 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 48,859 
 
 47,299 
 
 Surplus in the plan 
 31,065 
 
 26,705 
 
 Recognized assets for defined benefit obligations 
 
 31,065 
 
 26,705 

The Company makes defined benefit plan contributions to the pension fund account with Bank of Taiwan that provides pension for employees upon retirement. Plans (covered by the Labor Standards Law) entitle a retired employee to receive retirement benefits based on years of service and average monthly salary for six months prior to retirement. 
 
 (ii) 
 Movement in net defined benefit asset (liability) 
 
 The following table shows a reconciliation for net defined benefit asset (liability) and its components. 

38 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Defined benefit obligation 
 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 Net defined benefit asset (liability) 
 
 2015 
 2014 
 2015 
 2014 
 2015 
 2014 

Balance at January 1, 
 (20,594) 
 (23,677) 
 47,299 
 
 45,251 
 
 26,705 
 
 21,574 
 
 Included in profit or loss 

Service cost 
 (115) 
 (199) 

(115) 
 (199) 
 Interest cost 
 (463) 
 (473) 

(463) 
 (473) 
 Expected return on plan assets 

1,075 
 
 802 
 
 1,075 
 
 802 

(578) 
 (672) 
 1,075 
 
 802 
 
 497 
 
 130 
 
 Included in OCI 

Remeasurement (loss) gain: 

Actuarial (loss) gain arising from: 

- demographic assumptions 
 (378) 
 48 

(378) 
 48 
 
 - financial assumptions 
 (2,278) 
 918 

(2,278) 
 918 
 
 - experience adjustment 
 2,651 
 
 1,639 

2,651 
 
 1,639 
 
 Return on plan assets excluding interest income 

187 
 
 296 
 
 187 
 
 296 

(5) 
 2,605 
 
 187 
 
 296 
 
 182 
 
 2,901 
 
 Other 

Effect of acquisition of subsidiary 

Contributions paid by the employer 

298 
 
 950 
 
 298 
 
 950 
 
 Benefits paid 

Curtailment settlement gains 
 3,383 
 
 1,150 

3,383 
 
 1,150 

3,383 
 
 1,150 
 
 298 
 
 950 
 
 3,681 
 
 2,100 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2015 
 (17,794) 
 (20,594) 
 48,859 
 
 47,299 
 
 31,065 
 
 26,705 

(iii) 
 Plan assets 
 
 The Company allocates pension funds in accordance with the Regulations for Revenues, Expenditures, Safeguard and Utilization of the Labor Retirement Fund, and such funds are managed by the Bureau of Labor Funds, Ministry of Labor. With regard to the utilization of the funds, minimum earnings shall be no less than the earnings attainable from two-year time deposits with interest rates offered by local banks. 
 
 The Company s Bank of Taiwan labor pension reserve account balance amounted to 48,859 thousand as of December 31, 2015. For information on the utilization of the labor pension fund assets, including the asset allocation and yield of the fund, please refer to the website of the Bureau of Labor Funds, Ministry of Labor. 

(iv) 
 Defined benefit obligation 
 
 A. 
 Principal actuarial assumptions 

39 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

As of December 31, 

2015 
 
 2014 

Discount rate 
 1.50 
 
 2.25 
 
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
 1.50 
 
 1.75 
 
 Rate of increase in future salary 
 2.00 
 
 2.00 

The expected long-term rate of return is based on the historical rate of return of the portfolio as a whole and not on the sum of the returns on individual asset categories. In addition, at December 31, 2015, the weighted-average duration of the defined benefit obligation was 16 years. 
 
 B. 
 Sensitivity analysis 
 
 When measuring the present value of defined benefit obligation, the Company shall make judgments and estimates to determine the relevant actuarial assumptions, including discount rate, employee turnover rate, rate of increase in future salary and etc., at each reporting date. Any changes in the actuarial assumptions may have significant effect on the Company s defined benefit obligations. 

40 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Reasonably possible changes at December 31, 2015 to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other assumptions constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation by the amounts shown below. 

December 31, 2015 
 
 Changes in assumptions 
 
 +0.25 
 -0.25 

Discount rate 1.50 
 
 (716) 
 753 
 Rate of increase in future salary 2 
 748 
 
 (714) 

Expected employee turnover rate 110 
 Expected employee turnover rate 90 

Employee turnover rate 2.12 
 
 (192) 
 195 

(b) 
 Defined contribution plan 
 
 Commencing July 1, 2005, pursuant to the ROC Labor Pension Act (the Act ), employees who elected to participate in the Act or joined the Company after July 1, 2005, are subject to a defined contribution plan under the Act. Under the defined contribution plan, Lextar and subsidiaries located in the ROC contribute monthly at a rate of no less than six percent of an employee s monthly salary to the employee s individual pension fund account at the ROC Bureau of Labor Insurance. The Company s overseas subsidiaries have set up their retirement plans, if necessary, based on their respective local government regulations. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company set aside 133,008 thousand, 125,972 thousand and 119,011 thousand (Unaudited) , respectively, of the pension costs under the pension plan to the ROC Bureau of the Labor Insurance. 

41 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(21) 
 Capital and Other Components of Equity 
 
 (a) 
 Common stock 
 
 Reconciliation of shares outstanding for 2015 and 2014 was as follows: 

2015 
 
 2014 

(in thousands of shares) 

Balance on January 1 
 622,830 
 
 532,201 
 
 Capital increase by cash 

83,000 
 
 Retirement of treasury stock 
 (20,000) 

Employee stock options exercised 
 387 
 
 1,343 
 
 Conversion of convertible bonds 
 24 
 
 4,956 
 
 Retirement of restricted stock 
 (669) 
 (870) 
 Issuance of restricted employee stock (note 22) 

2,200 
 
 Balance on December 31 
 602,572 
 
 622,830 

Lextar s authorized common stock, with par value of 10 per share, both amounted to 7,000,000 thousand as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. The amount of shares includes the employee stock options of 16,000 thousand shares. 
 
 Lextar s issued and outstanding common stock, with par value of 10 per share, respectively, amounted to 6,025,723 thousand and 6,228,300 thousand as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. 
 
 In addition, the above mentioned outstanding shares contain 109,250 thousand of private placement shares; 26,250 thousand shares have been offered to the public since August 2014. The application has been effective in October 2014. 
 
 In pursuant to a resolution of the stockholders meeting held on October 14, 2014, Lextar issued a total of 83,000 thousand shares of common stock in cash through private placement at an issue price of 30 per share on December 1, 2014. The total cash received amounted to 2,490,000 thousand. The related registration procedures were completed. 
 
 According to the Securities and Exchange Act, the ordinary shares issued through private placement should be applied to the regulator and then offered to the public three years after the date of delivery (December 18, 2014) before trading in TWSE. 
 
 Lextar issued 3,870 thousand and 13,432 thousand new shares of common stock for the exercise of employee stock options in 2015 and 2014, respectively. The related registration procedures were also completed. 
 
 As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, employee stock options exercised without registration procedures were 40 thousand shares and 43 thousand shares, respectively. The exercised amounts recorded as capital collected in advance were 412 thousand and 720 thousand, respectively. 

42 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, convertible bonds issued by the Company amounting to 100 thousand and 122,600 thousand, respectively, were converted into 4 thousand shares and 4,785 thousand shares of common stock, respectively. For the 4 thousand shares and 4,764 thousand shares of the converted shares, the related registration procedures were completed. The converted shares which were still in the process of registration procedures were recorded as capital collected in advance, and the carrying value of these shares amounted to 0 thousand and 518 thousand, respectively. 
 
 (b) 
 Capital surplus 
 
 Components of capital surplus as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 were as follows: 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 
 From common stock 
 
 6,131,320 
 
 6,421,797 
 
 From merger 
 360,201 
 
 360,201 
 
 1.F rom employee stock option 
 40,210 
 
 43,928 
 
 2. From convertible bonds 
 197,331 
 
 197,340 
 
 Difference between the consideration and carrying amount of subsidiaries acquired 
 12,221 
 
 12,221 
 
 3. Increase in treasury stock 
 119,303 
 
 - 
 From restricted employee stock 
 112,482 
 
 123,109 

6,973,068 
 
 7,158,596 

According to the ROC Company Act, capital surplus, including premium from stock issuing and donations received, shall be applied to offset accumulated deficits before it can be used to increase common stock or distribute cash. Pursuant to the ROC Regulations Governing the Offering and Issuance of Securities by Securities Issuers, the total sum of capital surplus capitalized per annum shall not exceed 10 percent of the paid-in capital. 
 
 (c) 
 Legal reserve 
 
 According to the ROC Company Act, 10 percent of the annual earnings after payment of income taxes due and offsetting accumulated deficits, if any, shall be allocated as legal reserve until the accumulated legal reserve equals the issued common stock. When a company incurs no loss, it may, pursuant to a resolution to be adopted by a stockholders' meeting, distribute its legal reserve by issuing new shares or by cash, and only the portion of legal reserve which exceeds 25 percent of the paid-in capital may be distributed. 
 
 (d) 
 Special reserve 

43 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

In accordance with Ruling No. 1010012865 issued by the Financial Supervisory Commission (FSC) on April 6, 2012, a portion of current-period earnings and undistributed prior-period earnings shall be reclassified as special earnings reserve during earnings distribution. The amount to be reclassified should equal the current-period total net reduction of other shareholders equity. Similarly, a portion of undistributed prior-period earnings shall be reclassified as special earnings reserve (and is not qualified for earnings distribution) to account for cumulative changes to other shareholders equity pertaining to prior periods. Amounts of subsequent reversals pertaining to the net reduction of other shareholders equity shall qualify for additional distributions. 
 
 (e) 
 Distribution of earnings and dividend policy 
 
 According to Lextar s articles of incorporation, 10 percent of the annual earnings, after payment of income taxes due and offsetting accumulated deficits, if any, shall be set aside as a legal reserve. In addition, a special reserve in accordance with applicable laws and regulations shall also be set aside. The remaining earnings may be distributed as follows: 
 
 (i) 
 profit sharing to employees: at least 5 percent and not more than 20 percent; 
 (ii) 
 remuneration of directors: no more than 1 percent; and 
 (iii) 
 all or a portion of the remaining balance shall be distributed as shareholders dividends. 
 
 Pursuant to relevant laws or regulations or as requested by the local authority, a special reserve equivalent to the total amount of items that are accounted for as deductions to the equity shall be set aside from current earnings, and not distributed. The special reserve shall be made available for appropriation to the extent of reversal of deductions to equity in subsequent periods. 
 
 The appropriation of Lextar s net earnings may be distributed by way of cash dividends, stock dividends, or a combination of cash and stock dividends. The Lextar s dividend policy is to pay dividends from surplus considering factors such as the Lextar s current and future investment environment, cash requirements, competitive conditions and capital budget requirements, and taking into account the shareholders interest, maintenance of a balanced dividend and the Lextar s long term financial plan. Earnings distribution is proposed by the board of directors and approved at the stockholders meeting. Pursuant to the articles of incorporation, the cash dividend shall not be less than 10 percent of the total dividends. 
 
 In accordance with the ROC Company Act amended in May 2015, profit sharing to employees and remuneration to directors will no longer be appropriated from current year distributable earnings. The amendment of Lextar s articles of incorporation, pursuant to the amendment of the ROC Company Act, was approved in the annual shareholders meeting held on June 3, 2016. 
 
 Lextar s appropriations of earnings for 2014 and 2013 had been approved in the shareholders meeting held on May 28, 2015 and June 19, 2014. The appropriations and dividends per share were as follows: 

44 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

For fiscal year 2014 
 For fiscal year 2013 (Unaudited) 
 
 Appropriation 
 of earnings 
 Dividends per share 
 Appropriation 
 of earnings 
 Dividends per 
 share 

Cash dividends to shareholders 
 566,874 
 
 0.91 
 
 669,201 
 
 1.23924677 
 
 Employee bonus 
 85,031 

132,241 

Compensation of directors and supervisors 
 5,669 

8,816 

90,700 

141,057 

The profit sharing to employees and remuneration were also approved through the shareholders meeting. The aforementioned distribution of profit sharing to employees and remuneration to directors for 2014 was consistent with the resolutions of the board of directors meeting held on March 10, 2015, and the amount has been charged against earnings of 2014. 
 
 Related information would be available on the Market Observation Post System after the convening of the meeting of the stockholders. 
 
 (f) 
 Treasury shares 
 
 The related information on treasury share transactions is as follows: 
 (In Thousands of Shares) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2015 
 Reason to Reacquire 
 Number of 
 Shares, 
 Beginning of 
 Period 
 Addition 
 During the 
 Period 
 Reduction 
 During the 
 Period 
 Number of 
 Shares, End of 
 Period 

Due to the expiration of the restricted employee stock 

669 
 
 669 

In order to maintain the Company s credibility and stockholders equity 

39,970 
 
 20,000 
 
 19,970 

45 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

For the year ended December 31, 2014 
 Reason to Reacquire 
 Number of 
 Shares, 
 Beginning of 
 Period 
 Addition 
 During the 
 Period 
 Reduction 
 During the 
 Period 
 Number of 
 Shares, End of 
 Period 

Due to the expiration of the restricted employee stock 
 
 870 
 870 

Based on the Securities and Exchange Act of the ROC, the number of reacquired shares should not exceed 10 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares, and the total purchase amount should not exceed the sum of the retained earnings, additional paid-in capital in excess of par, and realized capital surplus. 
 
 Furthermore, treasury stock cannot be pledged for debts, and it does not carry any shareholder rights until it is transferred. 
 
 (22) 
 Share-based payment 
 
 (a) 
 Employee stock option plans 
 
 The related information of employee stock options was as follows: 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013(Unaudited) 
 
 Number of options (in thousands) 
 Weighted- average exercise price 
 (per share) 
 Number of options (in thousands) 
 Weighted- average exercise price 
 (per share) 
 Number of options (in thousands) 
 Weighted- average exercise price 
 (per share) 

Outstanding at January 1 
 4,847 
 25.39 
 8,214 
 26.72 
 8,687 
 27.00 
 Options exercised 
 (384) 
 17.67 
 (1,360) 
 24.75 
 (385) 
 10.70 
 Options expired 
 (483) 
 26.14 
 (2,007) 
 28.36 
 (88) 
 10.70 
 Outstanding at December 31 
 3,980 
 26.04 
 4,847 
 25.39 
 8,214 
 26.72 
 Exercisable at December 31 
 3,140 
 25.54 
 2,032 
 24.66 
 1,064 
 10.70 

For the years ended December 31, 2015 ,2014 and 2013, the weighted-average exercise price of stock option on the date of exercise was 16.06, 30.63 and 22.45(unaudited) per share, respectively. 

46 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the information of employee stock option plans outstanding was as follows: 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Range of exercise price (NT 
 10.3~26.5 
 10.3~27.9 
 Weighted-average expected time remaining until expiration (year) 
 1 
 2 

As of December 31, 2015, the key terms and conditions related to the grants under employee stock option plan were disclosed as follows: 

Plan 
 
 Grant date 
 Total number of options issued 
 (in thousands) 
 Contractual life of options 
 Vesting Conditions 
 Exercise price (per share) (Note 2) 

2007 Employee stock option plan 
 Dec. 28, 2007 (Note 1) 
 2,500 
 10 years 
 Future 4~8 year 
 
 10.3 

2012 Employee stock option plan 
 Feb. 10, 2012 
 7,150 
 5 years 
 Future 2~4 year 
 
 27.9 

Note 1: Inherited from the business combination with LightHouse on March 15, 2010. 
 Note 2: The retroactive adjustments of the exercise prices have been processed due to the changes in ordinary shares. 
 
 (b) 
 Fair value of stock options 
 
 The fair value of the employee stock options granted by the Company were measured at the dates of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model or Binomial option pricing model. The inputs to the model were as follows: 

Plan of 2007 
 Plan of 2012 

Excise price of stock options (NTD) 
 11.4 
 30.5 
 Expected volatility 
 8.4 
 42.84 
 Expected continuing period 
 10 years 
 5 years 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 1.199 
 1.425 
 Cash dividend rate 
 0 
 0 

47 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Expected volatility is based on the weighted average of historical volatility, and it is adjusted when there is additional market information about the volatility. The Company determined the rates during the life of the option, and they are in accordance with the regulations. The expected dividends rate is based on historical experience. Risk-free rate is determined based on government bonds. Service and non-market performance conditions attached to the transactions are not taken into account in determining the fair value. 
 
 (c) 
 Restricted stock 
 
 After the stockholders meeting on May 12, 2014, the Company decided to issue 2,200 thousand shares of restricted stocks. The restricted stock has been registered with and approved by the Securities and Futures Bureau of the FSC. The restricted stock was granted on May 30, 2014 at 2,200 thousand shares. The fair values on grant date were 27.6 per share. 
 
 669 thousand shares and 870 thousand shares of restricted stocks issued have expired for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 due to the resignation of certain employees. 
 
 The restricted shares of stock are granted for free. After one year of service in the Company, with the condition that these employees are qualified and will continue to provide service to the Company during the vesting period, the restricted shares will be vested at the ratio mentioned below: 
 
 First year of the vesting period: 30 
 Second year of the vesting period: 30 
 Third year of the vesting period: 40 
 
 The restricted stock is kept by a trust, which is appointed by the Company before it is vested. These shares shall not be sold, pledged, transferred, gifted, or by any other means, disposed to third parties during the custody period. The voting rights of these stockholders are executed by the custodian, and the custodian will act based on the law and regulations. If the shares remain unvested after the vesting period, the Company will cancel the unvested shares thereafter. 
 
 (d) 
 The related employee benefit expenses recognized on employee stock options were 53,317 thousand, 102,592 thousand and 88,581 thousand (Unaudited) for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

48 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(23) 
 Revenue 
 
 Consolidated net revenues consisted of the following: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2015 
 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 
 Sales of Backlight products 
 
 8,491,532 
 
 10,334,617 
 10,128,068 
 Sales of Lighting products 
 5,621,105 
 
 4,012,256 
 3,528,817 
 Others 
 117,897 
 170,264 
 94,781 
 
 14,230,534 
 14,517,137 
 13,751,666 

Refer to note 37 for geographic and major customer revenue information. 
 
 (24) 
 The Nature of Expenses 
 
 (a) 
 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 

For the years ended December 31, 

2015 
 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 

Recognized in cost of sales 
 
 1,930,563 
 
 1,904,240 
 1,768,065 
 Recognized in operating expenses(i) 
 149,644 
 141,972 
 202,820 
 
 2,080,207 
 2,046,212 
 1,970,885 

(b) 
 Amortization of intangible assets 

For the years ended December 31, 

2015 
 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 

Recognized in cost of sales 
 
 56,862 
 
 25,068 
 10,854 
 Recognized in operating expenses(i) 
 20,416 
 27,429 
 30,046 
 
 77,278 
 52,497 
 40,900 

49 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(c) 
 Employee benefits expenses 

For the years ended December 31, 

2015 
 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 

Salaries and wages 
 
 2,107,565 
 
 2,201,815 
 2,380,395 
 Labor and health insurances 
 130,877 
 
 144,555 
 153,995 
 Retirement benefits 
 129,128 
 
 124,693 
 119,987 
 Other employee benefits 
 64,362 
 56,830 
 82,264 
 
 2,431,932 
 2,527,893 
 2,736,641 
 Employee benefits expense summarized by function 

Recognized in cost of sales 
 
 1,718,189 
 
 1,823,849 
 2,062,205 
 Recognized in operating expenses(i) 
 713,743 
 704,044 
 674,436 
 
 2,431,932 
 2,527,893 
 2,736,641 

(i) 
 Operating expenses are inclusive of selling and distribution expenses, general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses. 
 
 (25) 
 Other Income 

For the years ended December 31, 

2015 
 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 

Interest income 
 
 32,134 
 
 40,610 
 30,233 
 Gain on bargain purchase 
 - 
 - 
 552,561 
 Gain on right of long-term prepared rent transfer 
 - 
 - 
 61,919 
 Others 
 43,094 
 28,445 
 20,684 
 
 75,228 
 69,055 
 665,397 

50 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(26) 
 Other Gains and Losses 

For the years ended December 31, 

2015 
 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 

Gain from loss of control of subsidiary 
 
 15,045 
 
 - 
 - 
 Foreign exchange gains, net 
 52,913 
 
 166,781 
 121,180 
 Loss on valuation of financial assets (liabilities), net 
 (55,861) 
 
 (128,181) 
 (43,540) 
 Gain (Loss) from disposals of property, plant and equipment 
 167,090 
 
 (3,389) 
 622 
 Others 
 (4,475) 
 (20,623) 
 (13,201) 
 
 174,712 
 14,588 
 65,061 

(27) 
 Finance Costs 

For the years ended December 31, 

2015 
 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 

Interest expense 
 
 87,214 
 
 134,466 
 170,046 
 Less: Capitalization of interest 
 - 
 (2,078) 
 (4,239) 
 
 87,214 
 132,388 
 165,807 

(28) 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The Company cannot file a consolidated tax return under local regulations. Therefore, Lextar and its subsidiaries calculate their income taxes liabilities individually on a stand-alone basis using the enacted tax rates in their respective tax jurisdictions. 
 
 (a) 
 The components of income tax expense (benefit) for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were as follows: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2015 
 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 

Current tax expense (benefit) 
 (11,012) 
 38,584 
 204,884 
 Deferred tax expense (benefit) 
 11,917 
 53,858 
 (709) 
 Income tax expense 
 905 
 92,442 
 204,175 

(b) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, there were no income tax recognized in other comprehensive income. 

51 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(c) 
 Reconciliation of the expected income tax expenses calculated based on the ROC statutory income tax rate compared with the actual income tax expenses as reported in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, was as follows: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 

Rate 
 Amount 
 Rate 
 Amount 
 Rate 
 Amount 

Profit before income taxes 
 
 304,398 
 
 739,407 

1,084,896 
 
 Expected income tax expenses 
 17.00 
 
 51,748 
 17.00 
 
 125,699 
 17.00 
 
 184,432 
 
 Effect of different subsidiaries income tax rate 
 35.91 
 
 109,314 
 4.70 
 
 34,722 
 (1.290) 
 (14,034) 
 
 Utilization of previously unrecognized tax loss carryforwards 
 (7.910) 
 (24,082) 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Utilization of previously unrecognized investment tax credits 
 (12.380) 
 (37,689) 
 (5.860) 
 (43,369) 
 (5.250) 
 (57,000) 
 
 Nondeductible expenses 
 1.21 
 
 3,668 
 1.60 
 
 11,851 
 0.84 
 
 9,143 
 
 Recognition of previously unrecognized deferred taxes assets associated with investment in subsidiaries 
 (18.350) 
 (55,848) 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Tax-exempt income 
 (6.580) 
 (20,036) 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Tax on undistributed retained earnings 
 8.13 
 
 24,767 
 7.91 
 
 58,512 
 8.28 
 
 89,814 
 
 Adjustment of surtax upon stockholders approval of distributions 
 (19.220) 
 (58,512) 
 (12.150) 
 (89,814) 
 (2.090) 
 (22,726) 
 
 Adjustments to prior years 
 4.90 
 
 14,906 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 Others 
 (2.410) 
 (7,331) 
 (0.700) 
 (5,159) 
 1.34 
 
 14,546 
 
 Income tax expenses 
 
 905 
 
 92,442 
 
 204,175 
 
 Effective tax rate 
 0.30 

12.50 

18.82 

(d) 
 The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows: 

Deferred tax assets 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 Total 

December 
 31, 2015 
 
 December 
 31, 2014 
 
 December 
 31, 2015 
 
 December 
 31, 2014 
 
 December 
 31, 2015 
 
 December 
 31, 2014 

Inventories 
 
 57,004 
 
 49,271 
 - 
 - 
 57,004 
 49,271 
 
 Foreign investment losses (gains) under the equity method 
 111,146 
 
 129,968 
 (122,745) 
 (122,745) 
 (11,599) 
 7,223 
 
 Investment tax credits 
 - 
 5,525 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,525 
 
 Government grant 
 36,794 
 
 37,866 
 - 
 - 
 36,794 
 37,866 
 
 Land value increment provision 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (17,985) 
 - 
 (17,985) 
 
 Others 
 38,275 
 32,738 
 (1,428) 
 (1,428) 
 36,847 
 31,310 

243,219 
 255,368 
 (124,173) 
 (142,158) 
 119,046 
 113,210 

(e) 
 Changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows: 

52 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

January 1, 2014 
 Recognized 
 in profit or 
 loss 
 Effect of 
 exchange rate 
 and others 
 December 31, 2014 
 Recognized 
 in profit or 
 loss 
 Effect of 
 exchange rate 
 and others 
 December 31, 2015 

Investment tax credits 
 
 42,555 
 
 (37,030) 
 
 - 
 5,525 
 
 (5,525) 
 
 - 
 - 
 Inventories 
 56,782 
 
 (7,511) 
 
 - 
 49,271 
 
 7,733 
 
 - 
 57,004 
 
 Foreign investment losses (gains) under the equity method 
 31,687 
 
 (24,464) 
 
 - 
 7,223 
 
 (18,822) 
 
 - 
 (11,599) 
 
 Government grant 
 35,969 
 
 650 
 
 1,247 
 
 37,866 
 
 (840) 
 
 (232) 
 
 36,794 
 
 Land value increment provision 
 (17,985) 
 
 - 
 - 
 (17,985) 
 
 - 
 17,985 
 
 - 
 Others 
 16,813 
 
 14,497 
 
 - 
 31,310 
 
 5,537 
 
 - 
 36,847 

165,821 
 
 (53,858) 
 1,247 
 
 113,210 
 
 (11,917) 
 17,753 
 
 119,046 

(f) 
 Unrecognized deferred tax assets 
 
 Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of the following items. 

December 31, 
 2015 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Unused investment tax credits 
 - 
 233,195 
 Unused tax losses carryforwards 
 490,408 
 475,797 
 
 490,408 
 708,992 

All unused investment tax credits as of December 31, 2014 expired in 2015. As of December 31, 2015, the expiration dates for abovementioned unrecognized deferred tax assets for unused tax losses carryforwards were as follows: 

Unused 
 tax losses 
 carryforwards 

Expiration at the year: 
 
 2016 
 9,193 
 2017 
 17,564 
 2018 
 2,696 
 2019 
 354 
 2022 
 6,128 
 2023 
 216 
 2024 
 904 
 2025 
 23,321 
 No expiration 
 448,582 
 
 508,958 

53 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(g) 
 Unrecognized deferred tax liabilities 
 
 Considering the reinvestment plan and the subsidiary s future capital expenditure, the Company will not distribute its foreign subsidiary s earnings and did not recognize the related deferred tax liabilities. As of December 31, 2015, unrecognized deferred tax liabilities amounted to 55,848 thousand. 
 
 (h) 
 Assessments by the tax authorities 
 
 As of December 31, 2015, the tax authorities had completed the examination of income tax returns of Lextar through 2013. However, Lextar disagreed with the assessment of income tax returns made by tax authorities for the year 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013, so it filed an administrative appeal while paying the contested tax due of 14,906 thousand which has been included in income tax expense in 2015. 
 
 (i) 
 The integrated income tax system 
 
 The balance of the imputation credit account of Lextar as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 was 127,918 thousand and 92,598 thousand, respectively. 
 
 The estimated and actual creditable ratios for distribution of Lextar s earnings under Taiwan Financial Reporting Standards of 2015 and 2014 were 16.64 and 14.52 , respectively. 
 The imputation credit allocated to shareholders is based on its balance as of the date of the dividend distribution. The estimated creditable ratio may change when the actual distribution of the imputation credit is made. 
 
 (29) 
 Earnings per share 
 
 (a) 
 Basic earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were calculated as follows: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2015 
 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 

Profit attributable to Lextar s stockholders 
 308,934 
 661,163 
 912,475 
 Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the year: (in thousands) 

Issued common shares at beginning of year 
 622,830 
 523,401 
 430,472 
 Effect of issuance of shares due to merger 

77,758 
 Effect of retirement of treasury stock due to merger 

(13,262) 
 Effect of retirement of treasury stock 
 (8,098) 
 - 
 
 Effect of conversion of convertible bonds payable 
 23 
 4,231 
 17,545 
 Effect of issuance of employee stock options 
 340 
 1,082 
 350 
 Effect of issuance of restricted shares 
 (273) 
 1,036 
 
 Effect of capital increase by cash 
 - 
 7,050 
 - 
 Weighted-average number of common shares (basic) 
 614,822 
 536,800 
 512,863 
 Basic earnings per share (NT 
 0.50 
 1.23 
 1.78 

54 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

55 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(b) 
 Diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was calculated as follows: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2015 
 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 

Profit attributable to Lextar s shareholders (basic) 
 
 308,934 
 
 661,163 
 912,475 
 The interest of convertible bonds payable 
 419 
 35,766 
 4,831 
 Profit attributable to Lextar s stockholders (diluted) 
 
 309,353 
 
 696,929 
 
 917,306 
 Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the year (including the effect of dilutive potential common stock): (in thousands) 

Weighted-average number of common shares (basic) 
 614,822 
 
 536,800 
 512,863 
 Effect of convertible bonds payable 
 997 
 
 61,752 
 10,306 
 Effect of employee stock bonus 
 3,784 
 
 4,745 
 4,781 
 Effect of restricted shares 
 4,272 
 
 4,601 
 1,102 
 Effect of issuance of employee stock options 
 169 
 413 
 1,225 
 Weighted-average number of common shares (diluted) 
 
 624,044 
 
 608,311 
 
 530,277 
 Diluted earnings per share (NT 
 0.50 
 1.15 
 1.73 

(30) 
 Financial Instruments 
 
 (a) 
 Fair value and carrying amount 
 
 The carrying amount of the Company s non-derivative financial assets current, including cash and cash equivalents, receivables/payables (including related parties), other current financial assets, and short-term borrowings, were considered to approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature. Except for aforementioned financial instruments, the carrying amount and fair value of other financial instruments of the Company as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 were as follows: 

56 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2015 
 December 31, 2014 
 
 Carrying Amount 
 Fair Value 
 Carrying Amount 
 Fair Value 

Financial assets: 

Available-for-sale financial assets noncurrent 
 116,921 
 116,921 
 219,552 
 219,552 
 Foreign currency forward contracts 
 1,875 
 1,875 
 206 
 206 
 Refundable deposits 
 17,800 
 17,800 
 23,800 
 23,800 

Financial liabilities: 

Long-term borrowings (including current installments) 
 1,798,750 
 1,808,628 
 1,800,000 
 1,811,732 
 Convertible bonds payable 
 1,886,125 
 1,943,468 
 1,842,643 
 1,906,989 
 Redemption rights of convertible bonds payable 
 29,173 
 29,173 
 15,185 
 15,185 
 Foreign currency forward and swap contracts 
 20,853 
 20,853 
 70,990 
 70,990 

(b) 
 Valuation techniques and assumptions applied in fair value measurement 
 
 The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities with standard terms and conditions and traded in active markets are determined with reference to quoted market prices. Except the aforementioned, the fair vales of other financial assets and financial liabilities are measured using the generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis. 
 
 Descriptions of the valuation methodologies, including the valuation techniques and the input(s) used in the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities are discussed as follows: 
 
 The fair values of financial assets which were publicly traded on active markets were determined with reference to quoted market prices. 
 
 For derivative financial instruments such as foreign currency forward and swap contracts, fair values are estimated using industry standard valuation models. These models use market-based observable inputs including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and forward and spot prices for currencies to project fair value. 
 
 The refundable deposits and guarantee deposits received are based on carrying amount as there is no fixed maturity. 
 
 The fair value of long-term borrowings and bonds payable is estimated based on the present value of future discounted cash flows. The discount rate adopted by the Company is the rate of return of a similar financial instrument in the market; the factors include the debtors credit rating and the remaining period for principal repayment, etc. 

57 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(c) 
 Fair value measurements recognized in the consolidated statements of financial position 
 
 The Company determines fair value based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability in the principal or most advantageous market. When considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, the following fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable and unobservable inputs, which are categorized in one of the following levels: 
 
 (i) 
 Level 1 inputs: Unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets accessible to the entity at the measurement date. 
 
 (ii) 
 Level 2 inputs: Other than quoted prices included in Level 1, inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 
 
 (iii) 
 Level 3 inputs: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date. 
 The fair value measurement level of an asset or liability within their fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company uses valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. 
 
 Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis were as follows: 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 

December 31, 2015 

Assets: 

Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 - 
 - 
 1,875 
 1,875 
 Available-for-sale financial assets 
 106,722 
 - 
 - 
 106,722 
 Liabilities: 

Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 - 
 - 
 (50,026) 
 (50,026) 

December 31, 2014 

Assets: 

Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 - 
 - 
 240 
 240 
 Available-for-sale financial assets 
 219,552 
 - 
 - 
 219,552 
 Liabilities: 

Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 - 
 - 
 (86,175) 
 (86,175) 

There were no transfers between Level 1 and 2 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 
 
 (d) 
 Reconciliation for recurring fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 

58 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Changes in Level 3 fair value measurements for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 were as follows: 
 
 Forward 
 Exchange 
 Convertible 
 Bonds 
 Available-for- 
 Sale financial 
 Assets 

Balance at January 1, 2013 (Unaudited) 
 
 (3,745) 
 (4,625) 
 
 - 
 Net realized/unrealized gains included in: 

Profit or loss (Unaudited) 
 (44,950) 
 
 3,466 
 
 - 
 Purchases (Unaudited) 
 25,089 
 
 1,493 
 
 - 
 Disposals (Unaudited) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Balance at December 31, 2013 (Unaudited) 
 (23,606) 
 334 
 
 - 
 Net realized/unrealized gains included in: 

Profit or loss 
 (133,623) 
 
 5,442 
 
 - 
 Purchases 
 86,445 
 
 - 
 74,022 
 
 Redemption 
 - 
 (20,927) 
 - 
 Balance at December 31, 2014 
 (70,784) 
 (15,151) 
 74,022 
 
 Net realized/unrealized gains included in: 

Profit or loss 
 (41,904) 
 
 (14,022) 
 
 - 
 Purchases 
 93,710 
 
 - 
 - 
 Redemption 
 - 
 - 
 (74,022) 
 Balance at December 31, 2015 
 
 (18,978) 
 (29,173) 
 - 

(e) 
 Description of valuation processes for fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 
 
 Fair value measurements of assets and liabilities are determined using various valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flows and other valuation models. As deemed necessary, the Company utilizes the assistance of external experts in performing the valuation and the development of such valuation models, which include the analysis and comparison of model valuation results to market transactions and market data. The Company s management reviews the policy and procedures of fair value measurements annually, or more frequently as deemed necessary. When a fair value measurement involves one or more significant inputs that are unobservable, the Company monitors the valuation process discreetly and examines whether the inputs are used the most relevant market data available. 
 
 The Company holds certain non-publicly listed stocks which are not traded in an active market. The Company reviews the current operating and future expected performance of these private companies based on evaluation of the latest available financial statements, as well as changes in the industry and market prospects based on publicly available information. An improvement (decline) in the operating and future expected performance results in a higher (lower) fair value measurement. Generally, changes in the industry and market prospects are directionally consistent with the changes in operating and future performance of the companies. 

59 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(31) 
 Financial Risk Management 
 
 (a) 
 Risk management framework 
 
 The managerial officers of related divisions are appointed to review, control, trace and monitor the strategic risks, financial risks and operational risks faced by the Company. The managerial officers report to executive officers the progress of risk controls from time to time and, if necessary, report to the Board of Directors, depending on the extent of impact of risks. 
 
 (b) 
 Financial risk information 
 
 Hereinafter discloses information about the Company s exposure to variable risks, and the goals, policies and procedures of the Company s risk measurement and risk management. See footnotes to the consolidated financial statements for the quantitative analysis of variable risks. 
 (i) 
 Credit risk 
 
 Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations. The Company s exposures to credit risk are mainly from accounts receivable and cash and cash equivalent investments. 
 
 The Company s potential credit risk is derived primarily from cash in bank, cash equivalent investments and trade receivables. The Company deposits its cash and cash equivalent investments with various reputable financial institutions of high credit quality. The majority of these financial institutions are located in the ROC. The Company also entered into reverse repurchase agreements with securities firms or banks in Taiwan covering government and quasi-government bonds that classified as cash equivalents. There should be no major concerns for the performance capability of trading counterparts. Management performs periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of these financial institutions and limits the amount of credit exposure with any one institution. Management believes that there is a limited concentration of credit risk in cash and cash equivalent investments. 
 
 The majority of the Company s customers are in high technology industries. Management continuously evaluates and controls the credit quality, credit limit and financial strength of its customers to ensure any overdue receivables are taken necessary procedures. The Company also flexibly makes use of prepayments, accounts receivable factoring and credit insurance as credit enhancement instruments. If necessary, the Company will request collaterals from its customers or invest in credit insurance. 
 
 Additionally, on the reporting date, the Company reviews the recoverability of its receivables to provide appropriate valuation allowances. Consequently, management believes there is a limited concentration of its credit risk. 
 
 As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the carrying amount of financial assets which represents the maximum amount exposed to credit risk were 10,368,670 thousand and 10,567,140 thousand, respectively. 

60 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company s ten largest customers accounted for 55 , 70 and 78 (Unaudited). There is no other significant concentration of credit risk. 
 
 Refer to note 9 for aging analysis of accounts receivable and the movement in the allowance of doubtful accounts receivable. 
 
 (ii) 
 Liquidity risk 
 
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset due to an economic downturn or unbalanced demand and supply resulting in a significant drop in product prices. The Company s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions. 
 
 Liquidity risk of the Company is monitored through its corporate treasury department which tracks the development of the actual cash flow position for the Company and uses input from a number of sources in order to forecast the overall liquidity position both on a short and long term basis. Corporate treasury invests surplus cash in money market deposits with appropriate maturities to ensure sufficient liquidity is available to meet liabilities when due, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Company s reputation. 
 
 The following are the contractual maturities of other financial liabilities. The amounts include estimated interest payments (except for short-term borrowings) but exclude the impact of netting agreements. 

61 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Contractual 
 cash flows 
 1/1/2016 
 1/1/2017 
 2019 and~ thereafter 

December 31, 2015 

Non-derivative financial liabilities: 

Short-term and long-term borrowings (including convertible bonds payable) 
 
 3,852,839 
 
 876,568 
 
 978,271 
 
 1,998,000 
 
 Accounts payable 
 3,315,209 
 
 3,315,209 
 
 - 
 - 
 Accrued expense other current liabilities 
 986,757 
 
 986,757 
 
 - 
 - 
 Derivative financial liabilities 

Outflow 
 3,358,137 
 
 3,358,137 
 
 - 
 - 
 Inflow 
 (3,339,159) 
 (3,339,159) 
 - 
 - 

8,173,783 
 
 5,197,512 
 
 978,271 
 
 1,998,000 

December 31, 2014 

Non-derivative financial liabilities: 

Short-term and long-term borrowings (including convertible bonds payable) 
 
 4,825,545 
 
 971,512 
 
 877,447 
 
 2,976,586 
 
 Accounts payable 
 3,167,083 
 
 3,167,083 
 
 - 
 - 
 Accrued expense other current liabilities 
 1,293,924 
 
 1,293,924 
 
 - 
 - 
 Derivative financial liabilities 

Outflow 
 2,116,675 
 
 2,116,675 
 
 - 
 - 
 Inflow 
 (2,045,891) 
 (2,045,891) 
 - 
 - 

9,357,336 
 
 5,503,303 
 
 877,447 
 
 2,976,586 

The Company is not expecting that the cash flows included in the maturity analysis could occur significantly earlier or at significantly different amounts. 
 
 As of December 31, 2015, the Company s total current assets exceeded its total current liabilities by 8,192,165 thousand. Management believes the Company s existing unused credit facilities under its existing loan agreements, together with net cash flows expected to be generated from its operating activities, will be sufficient for the Company to fulfill its payment obligations over the next twelve months. Therefore, management believes that the Company does not have significant liquidity risk. 
 
 (iii) 
 Market risk 
 
 Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices, which will affect the Company s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimizing the return. 
 
 The Company buys and sells derivatives, and also incurs financial liabilities, in order to manage market risks. All such transactions are executed in accordance with the Company s handling procedures for conducting derivative transactions, and also monitored by internal audit department. 

62 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

A. 
 Currency risk 
 
 The Company is exposed to currency risk on foreign currency denominated financial assets and liabilities arising from operating, financing and investing activities such that the Company uses forward exchange contracts to hedge its currency risk. Gains and losses derived from the foreign currency fluctuations on underlying assets and liabilities are likely to offset. However, transactions of derivative financial instruments help minimize the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, but the risk cannot be fully eliminated. 
 
 The Company periodically examines portions exposed to currency risks for individual asset and liability denominated in foreign currency and uses forward contracts as hedging instruments to hedge positions exposed to risks. The contracts have maturity dates that do not exceed six months, and do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting. 
 
 a. 
 The Company s significant exposure to foreign currency risk was as follows: 

Foreign currency amounts 
 Exchange rate 
 NTD 

December 31, 2015 

Financial assets 

Monetary items 

USD 
 160,573 
 33.05 
 5,306,939 
 EUR 
 1,684 
 36.12 
 60,831 
 CNY 
 9 
 5.0896 
 44 
 Non-monetary items 

Forward Exchange Agreement 

Exchange rate SWAP 

USD 
 53 
 33.05 
 1,760 
 JPY 
 419 
 0.2743 
 115 

Financial liabilities 

Monetary items 

USD 
 67,299 
 33.05 
 2,224,230 
 JPY 
 281,453 
 0.2743 
 77,204 
 Non-monetary items 

Forward Exchange Agreement 

Exchange rate SWAP 

USD 
 615 
 33.05 
 20,340 
 EUR 
 14 
 36.12 
 513 

December 31, 2014 

63 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Foreign currency amounts 
 Exchange rate 
 NTD 
 Financial assets 

Monetary items 

USD 
 186,152 
 31.766 
 5,913,318 
 CNY 
 319 
 5.1223 
 1,633 
 Non-monetary items 

Forward Exchange Agreement 

Exchange rate SWAP 

USD 
 6 
 31.766 
 206 
 Financial liabilities 

Monetary items 

USD 
 107,261 
 31.766 
 3,407,253 
 JPY 
 508,305 
 0.2659 
 135,159 
 CNY 
 19 
 5.1223 
 96 
 Non-monetary items 

Forward Exchange Agreement 

Exchange rate SWAP 

USD 
 2,203 
 31.766 
 69,980 
 JPY 
 3,798 
 0.2659 
 1,010 

b. 
 Sensitivity analysis 
 
 The Company s exposure to foreign currency risk arises from the translation of the foreign currency exchange gains and losses on cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, loans and borrowings and trade and other payables that are denominated in foreign currency. 
 
 Depreciation or appreciation of the NTD by 1 against the CNY, USD, EUR and the JPY at December 31, 2015 and 2014, while all other variables were remained constant, would have increased or decreased the net profit before tax for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 as follows: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2015 
 
 2014 

1 of depreciation 
 
 30,664 
 
 23,724 
 1 of appreciation 
 (30,664) 
 
 (23,724) 

B. 
 Interest rate risk 

64 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The Company s exposure to changes in interest rates is mainly from floating-rate long-term debt obligations. Any change in interest rates will cause the effective interest rates of long-term borrowings to change and thus cause the future cash flows to fluctuate over time. The Company enters into and designates interest rate swaps as hedges of the variability in cash flows attributable to interest rate risk. 
 
 Assuming the amount of floating-rate debts at the end of the reporting period had been outstanding for the entire year and all other variables were remained constant, an increase or a decrease in the interest rate by 0.25 would have resulted in a decrease or an increase in the net profit before tax for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 by 9,099 thousand and 6,820 thousand, respectively. 
 
 C. 
 Equity price risk 
 
 See note 8 for disclosure of equity price risk analysis. 
 
 (32) 
 Capital management 
 
 Through clear understanding and managing of significant changes in external environment, related industry characteristics, and corporate growth plan, the Company manages its capital to ensure it has sufficient financial resources to maintain proper working capital, to invest in capital expenditures and research and development expenses, to repay debts and to distribute dividends in accordance to its plan. The management determines the most suitable capital in terms of maintaining proper debt ratio. To sustain strong capital base, the Company improves the returns of its shareholders by applying most appropriate debt ratio. The Company s debt ratios at the end of the reporting periods were as follows: 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Total liabilities 
 
 8,417,122 
 
 9,453,729 
 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 22,393,838 
 
 24,290,276 
 
 Debt-to-equity ratio 
 38 
 
 39 

(33) 
 Investing and financing activities not affecting current cash flow 
 
 The Company s investing and financing activities, which do not affect the current cash flow, in the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 (Unaudited) were as follows: 
 
 (a) 
 For conversion of convertible bonds to common stocks, please refer to note 17. 
 (b) 
 For retirement of treasury stock, please refer to note 21. 
 (c) 
 For issuance of restricted stocks to employees, please refer to note 22. 
 
 (34) 
 Related-party transactions 
 
 Lextar is the ultimate parent company of the Company s subsidiaries. All significant inter-company transactions, income, expenses and balances are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements and are not disclosed in the note. The significant related party transactions were as follows: 

65 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(a) 
 Compensation to executive officers 
 
 Executive officers compensation comprised of: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2015 
 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 

Short-term employee benefits 
 
 39,755 
 
 43,547 
 50,635 
 Post-employment benefits 
 316 
 
 324 
 301 
 Termination benefits 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Employee bonuses 
 2,229 
 
 5,408 
 4,518 
 Share-based payments 
 17,375 
 30,834 
 14,560 
 
 59,675 
 80,113 
 70,014 

(b) 
 Except as disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and other notes, the significant related party transactions were as follows: 
 
 1. 
 Sales 

Sales 
 Accounts receivable from related parties 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 
 December 31, 
 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 (Unaudited) 
 2015 
 2014 

Entities with significant influence over the Company 
 
 3,325,018 
 
 2,699,452 
 2,358,812 
 1,194,187 
 1,528,981 
 Associates 
 9,297 
 
 26,375 
 8,054 
 - 
 11,647 
 Other related parties 
 - 
 - 
 6,616 
 - 
 - 
 
 3,334,315 
 2,725,827 
 2,373,482 
 1,194,187 
 1,540,628 

The collection terms for sales to related parties were month-end 60 to 120 days. The collection terms for sales to unrelated customers were month-end 60 to 120 days. The pricing and other terms for sales to related parties were not materially different from those with unrelated customers. 

66 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 
 Purchases 

Purchases 
 Accounts payable to related parties 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 
 December 31, 
 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 (Unaudited) 
 2015 
 2014 

Entities with significant influence over the Company 
 
 34,838 
 
 25,254 
 
 5,451 
 
 15,861 
 4,914 
 Associates 
 178 
 
 6,433 
 
 7,052 
 
 - 
 - 
 Other related parties 
 34,858 
 
 - 
 399,697 
 
 13,983 
 - 

69,874 
 
 31,687 
 
 412,200 
 
 29,844 
 4,914 

The price of purchase and the OEM to be recognized respectively depend on the products. There were no significant differences between the terms of purchase transactions with related enterprises and those carried out with other normal vendors. 
 
 3. 
 Acquisition and disposal of property, plant and equipment and others 
 
 In September 2014, the Company purchased the land and building of a factory located in Zhunan, Miaoli from an entity with significant influence over the Company. The land costs 548,743 thousand, and the building costs 555,652 thousand, resulting in a total amount of 1,104,395 thousand. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the asset transfer procedures have been finished and the total amount have been paid completely. Pricing of the above land and building was based on the valuation report from an external specialist. 
 
 On May 13, 2015, the board of directors resolved a plan to dispose of a factory located at No.20 and No.20-1 Guangfu N. Rd., Hukou Township, Hsinchu County, along with its equipment, machinery, and land, to the Company s related party for a total consideration of 361,019 thousand. The pricing for sales to related parties was determined with reference to the valuation report from an external specialist. The asset transfer procedures have been completed. The net book value of the disposed property, plant and equipment was 208,731 thousand, and a disposal gain of 152,288 thousand was recognized. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, rental and other expenses paid to associates and joint ventures were as follows: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2015 
 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 

Entities with significant influence over the Company 
 
 - 
 
 31,778 
 
 45,989 

67 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, amounts due to related parties as a result of the aforementioned transactions were as follows: 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Entities with significant influence over the Company 
 32 
 41,072 

(35) 
 Pledged assets 

Pledged assets 

Object 
 
 December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Machinery and equipment 
 Long-term borrowings 
 - 
 1,475,269 
 
 Other financial assets (classified under other non-current financial assets) 
 Guarantee for land lease and collateral for provisional attachment 

17,800 

23,800 

17,800 
 
 1,499,069 

(36) 
 Commitments and contingencies 
 
 The significant commitments and contingencies of the Company as of December 31, 2015, in addition to those disclosed in the aforementioned notes to the consolidated financial statements, were as follows: 
 
 (a) 
 The aggregated unpaid amounts of contracts pertaining to the purchase of equipment were as follows: 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Acquisition of equipment 
 NTD 
 
 695,034 
 
 625,693 

(b) 
 The amount of guarantee notes issued of credit as collateral for the bank loans were as follows: 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Guarantee notes issued 
 USD 
 
 47,700 
 
 181,500 
 
 Guarantee notes issued 
 NTD 
 
 4,300,000 
 
 4,700,000 

(c) 
 As of December 31, 2014, the Company provided endorsement guarantee for operation and bank loans amounting to USD73,000 thousand, respectively. 

68 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(d) 
 Guarantee notes issued for customs were as follows: 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Guarantees for customs 
 CNY 
 - 
 13,500 

(e) 
 The Company entered into patent license agreements with Toyoda Gosei Co., Ltd. According to the agreements, the Company shall pay a certain amount of royalty based on the sales. 
 
 (f) 
 The Company disagreed with the pursuit of assessment on the income tax returns in 2010 and 2011, and requested for a reexamination. The tax effect of the reexamination is 5,065 thousand. Please refer to note 28. 
 
 (g) 
 The Company entered into supply agreements and patent license agreements with Cree Inc. According to the agreements, the Company shall keep a sufficient supply of capacity, and shall pay a certain amount of royalty based on the sales of products authorized. 
 
 (37) 
 Geographic and Other Revenue Information 
 
 (a) 
 Geographic information 
 
 The geographic breakdown for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was as follows: 
 
 1. 
 Net revenue 

For the years ended December 31, 

2015 
 
 2014 
 2013 
 (Unaudited) 

China 
 
 9,205,015 
 
 10,297,028 
 9,771,881 
 Malaysia 
 1,558,374 
 
 1,607,875 
 1,261,028 
 Japan 
 1,069,946 
 
 957,634 
 601,680 
 America 
 623,897 
 
 49,201 
 89,449 
 Taiwan 
 427,222 
 
 610,255 
 946,270 
 Others 
 1,346,080 
 995,144 
 1,081,358 
 
 14,230,534 
 14,517,137 
 13,751,666 

69 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 
 Consolidated noncurrent assets 

December 31, 
 2015 
 
 December 31, 
 2014 

Taiwan 
 
 4,945,595 
 
 6,632,337 
 
 PRC 
 3,194,000 
 
 3,168,046 

8,139,596 
 
 9,800,383 

(i) 
 Noncurrent assets are not inclusive of financial instruments, deferred tax, and pension-related assets. 
 
 (b) Major customer information 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, sales to individual customers representing greater than 10 of consolidated net revenue were as follows: 

For the years ended December 31 

2015 

2014 

2013 
 (Unaudited) 

AU Optronics Corp and its subsidiaries 
 
 2,731,407 
 
 19 
 3,718,585 
 26 
 2,358,812 
 17 
 OSRAM Company 
 1,981,016 
 14 
 2,252,989 
 15 
 2,261,493 
 
 17 
 
 4,712,423 
 33 
 5,971,574 
 41 
 4,620,305 
 
 34 

(38) 
 Subsequent events 
 
 (a) 
 During the time from January to June in 2016, the Company bought back 20,000 thousand shares as treasury stock, with the average price of 16 per share, amounting to 319,989 thousand. 
 (b) 
 On April 19, 2016, the board of directors of the Company approved a resolution to allow the Company to issue 50,000 thousand new shares for restricted employee stock options without charge. The resolution has already been approved in the shareholders meeting on June 3, 2016, but has yet to be submitted to the authority. Please refer to the Market Observation Post System for related information. 
 (c) 
 The Company entered into a syndicated loan amounting to 3 billion with 7 banks in July 2016. The syndicated loan is led by Bank of Taiwan. As of the report date, the credit line of the syndicated loan has not yet been used. 

70 
 
 LEXTAR ELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 cree-20170625.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 cree-20170625.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 cree-20170625_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 cree-20170625_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 cree-20170625_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 cree-20170625_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

