<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20170228_10-K_edgar_data_1449488_0001449488-17-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15238977</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>567815</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2978345</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7244864</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2435070</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1367648</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001449488-17-000004.hdr.sgml : 20170228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20170228164653
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001449488-17-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CSI Compressco LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001449488
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL, GAS FIELD SERVICES, NBC [1389]
		IRS NUMBER:				943450907
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35195
		FILM NUMBER:		17648495

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24955 INTERSTATE 45 N
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77380
		BUSINESS PHONE:		281-367-1983

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24955 INTERSTATE 45 N
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77380

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Compressco Partners, L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001449488-17-000004.txt : 20170228

10-K
 1
 cclp2016123110k.htm
 10-K

Document 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 10-K 
 (MARK ONE) 
 [ X ] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 
 
 OR 
 
 [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO . 
 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 001-35195 
 
 CSI Compressco LP 
 (EXACT NAME OF THE REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER) 
 Delaware 
 94-3450907 
 (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF 
 (I.R.S. EMPLOYER 
 INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION) 
 IDENTIFICATION NO.) 

24955 INTERSTATE 45 NORTH 
 
 THE WOODLANDS, TEXAS 
 77380 
 (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES) 
 (ZIP CODE) 

REGISTRANT S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: (281) 364-2244 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE A CT: 

COMMON UNITS REPRESENTING LIMITED 
 PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 
 NASDAQ GLOBAL MARKET 
 (TITLE OF CLASS) 
 (NAME OF EXCHANGE ON WHICH REGISTERED) 

S ECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: NONE 

INDICATE BY CHECK MARK IF THE REGISTRANT IS A WELL-KNOWN SEASONED ISSUER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 405 OF THE SECURITIES ACT). 
 YES [ ] NO [ X ] 
 INDICATE BY CHECK MARK IF THE REGISTRANT IS NOT REQUIRED TO FILE REPORTS PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR SECTION 15(d) OF THE ACT. YES [ ] NO [ X ] 
 INDICATE BY CHECK MARK WHETHER THE REGISTRANT (1) HAS FILED ALL REPORTS REQUIRED TO BE FILED BY SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 DURING THE PRECEDING 12 MONTHS (OR FOR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD THAT THE REGISTRANT WAS REQUIRED TO FILE SUCH REPORTS) AND (2) HAS BEEN SUBJECT TO SUCH FILING REQUIREMENTS FOR THE PAST 90 DAYS. YES [ X ] NO [ ] 
 INDICATE BY CHECK MARK WHETHER THE REGISTRANT HAS SUBMITTED ELECTRONICALLY AND POSTED ON ITS CORPORATE WEB SITE, IF ANY, EVERY INTERACTIVE DATA FILE REQUIRED TO BE SUBMITTED AND POSTED PURSUANT TO RULE 405 OF REGULATION S-T DURING THE PRECEDING 12 MONTHS (OR FOR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD THAT THE REGISTRANT WAS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT AND POST SUCH FILES). 
 YES [ X ] NO [ ] 
 INDICATE BY CHECK MARK IF DISCLOSURE OF DELINQUENT FILERS PURSUANT TO ITEM 405 OF REGULATION S-K IS NOT CONTAINED HEREIN, AND WILL NOT BE CONTAINED, TO THE BEST OF REGISTRANT S KNOWLEDGE, IN DEFINITIVE PROXY OR INFORMATION STATEMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN PART III OF THIS FORM 10-K OR ANY AMENDMENT TO THIS FORM 10-K. [ ] 
 INDICATE BY CHECK MARK WHETHER THE REGISTRANT IS A LARGE ACCELERATED FILER, AN ACCELERATED FILER, A NON-ACCELERATED FILER, OR A SMALLER REPORTING COMPANY. SEE THE DEFINITIONS OF LARGE ACCELERATED FILER, ACCELERATED FILER, AND SMALLER REPORTING COMPANY IN RULE 12b-2 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT. (CHECK ONE): 
 LARGE ACCELERATED FILER [ ] 
 ACCELERATED FILER [ X ] 
 NON-ACCELERATED FILER [ ] 
 SMALLER REPORTING COMPANY [ ] 

INDICATE BY CHECK MARK WHETHER THE REGISTRANT IS A SHELL COMPANY (AS DEFINED IN RULE 12b-2 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT). 
 YES [ ] NO [ X ] 
 T HE AGGREGATE MARKET VALUE OF COMMON UNITS HELD BY NON-AFFILIATES OF THE REGISTRANT WAS 154,295,074 AS OF JUNE 30, 2016 , THE LAST BUSINESS DAY OF THE REGISTRANT S MOST RECENTLY COMPLETED SECOND FISCAL QUARTER. 
 THE NUMBER OF COMMON UNITS OUTSTANDING AS OF February 27, 2017 WAS 33,436,825 UNITS. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE- NONE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part I 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 30 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 

Part II 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 32 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 33 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 50 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 52 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 52 

Part III 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 53 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 58 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 81 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 82 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 84 

Part IV 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 86 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 90 

i 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements and information based on our beliefs and those of our general partner. Forward-looking statements in this annual report are identifiable by the use of the following words and other similar words: anticipates , assumes , believes , budgets , could , estimates , expects , forecasts , goal , intends , may , might , plans , predicts , projects , schedules , seeks , should, targets , will and would . 
 
 Such forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance and are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable but such forward-looking statements 
 are subject to numerous risks, and uncertainties, including, but not limited to: 
 
 economic and operating conditions that are outside of our control, including the supply, demand, and prices of crude oil and natural gas; 
 
 our ability to continue to make cash distributions at the current quarterly rate after the establishment of reserves, payment of debt service and other contractual obligations; 
 
 our ability to comply with the financial covenants in our credit agreement and the consequences of any failure to comply with such financial covenants; 
 
 our existing debt levels and our flexibility to obtain additional financing; 
 
 our dependence upon a limited number of customers and the activity levels of our customers; 
 
 the levels of competition we encounter; 
 
 our ability to replace our contracts with customers, which are generally short-term contracts; 
 
 the availability of raw materials and labor at reasonable prices; 
 
 risks related to acquisitions and our growth strategy, including our 2014 acquisition of Compressor Systems, Inc.; 
 
 the availability of adequate sources of capital to us; 
 
 our operational performance; 
 
 risks related to our foreign operations; 
 
 information technology risks including the risk from cyberattack; 
 
 the effect and results of litigation, regulatory matters, settlements, audits, assessments, and contingencies, and 
 
 other risks and uncertainties under Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report and as included in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), which are available free of charge on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 The risks and uncertainties referred to above are generally beyond our ability to control and we cannot predict all the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. If any of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if any of the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary from those indicated by the forward-looking statements, and such variances may be material. 
 
 All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements made by or attributable to us or to persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by reference to these risks and uncertainties. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of the particular statement, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements we may make, except as may be required by law. 
 
 Certain Defined Terms 
 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, when we refer to we, us, our, and the Partnership, we are describing CSI Compressco LP (formerly named Compressco Partners, L.P.) and its wholly owned subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. References to CSI Compressco GP or our general partner refer to our general partner, CSI Compressco GP Inc. References to TETRA refer to TETRA Technologies, Inc. and TETRA s controlled subsidiaries, other than us. References to Compressco refer to Compressco, Inc. and its controlled subsidiaries, other than us. References to TETRA International refer to TETRA International Incorporated and TETRA International s controlled subsidiaries. References to the Initial Public Offering refer to the Partnership s initial public offering of 2,670,000 common units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership ("common units") at 20.00 per common unit completed on June 20, 2011 pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-155260) (the "Registration Statement"), initially filed on November 10, 2008 by the Partnership with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), including a prospectus regarding the Initial Public Offering (the "Prospectus") filed with the SEC on June 16, 2011 pursuant to Rule 424(b). 
 
 ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 
 
 The financial statements presented in this annual report are the consolidated financial statements of CSI Compressco LP, a Delaware limited partnership and its subsidiaries. When the terms the Partnership, we, us or our are used in this document, those terms refer to CSI Compressco LP and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 We are a Delaware limited partnership formed in October 2008. We recently relocated our principal executive offices and corporate headquarters to 24955 Interstate 45 North in The Woodlands, Texas. Our phone number is 281-364-2244, and our website is accessed at www.csicompressco.com. Our common units are traded on the NASDAQ Exchange under the symbol CCLP. 
 
 Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Conduct, Financial Code of Ethics, and Audit Committee Charter, as well as our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are all available, free of charge, on our website at www.compressco.com as soon as practicable after we file the reports with the SEC. Information contained on or connected to our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings with the SEC. The documents referenced above are available in print at no cost to any unitholder who requests them by writing or telephoning our Corporate Secretary. 
 
 About CSI Compressco LP 
 
 We are a provider of compression services and equipment for natural gas and oil production, gathering, transportation, processing, and storage. We sell standard and custom-designed compressor packages and oilfield fluid pump systems, and provide aftermarket services and compressor package parts and components manufactured by third-party suppliers. We provide these compression services and equipment to a broad base of natural gas and oil exploration and production, midstream, and transmission companies operating throughout many of the onshore producing regions of the United States as well as in a number of foreign countries, including Mexico, Canada, and Argentina. We design and fabricate a majority of the compressor packages that we use to provide compression services and that we sell to customers. 
 
 We are one of the largest service providers of natural gas compression services in the United States, utilizing our fleet of compressor packages that employs a full spectrum of low-, medium-, and high-horsepower engines. Low-horsepower compressor packages enhance production for dry gas wells and liquid-loaded gas wells by deliquifying wells, lowering wellhead pressure, and increasing gas velocity. Our low-horsepower compressor packages are also utilized in connection with oil and liquids production and in vapor recovery and casing gas system applications. Low- to medium-horsepower compressor packages are typically utilized in wellhead and natural gas gathering systems and other applications primarily in connection with natural gas and oil production. Our high-horsepower compressor package offerings are typically utilized in natural gas production, natural gas gathering, centralized compression facilities, and midstream applications. 
 
 Our equipment sales business includes the fabrication and sale of standard compressor packages, custom-designed compressor packages, and oilfield fluid pump systems designed and fabricated primarily at our facility in Midland, Texas. We design and fabricate natural gas reciprocating and rotary screw compressor packages up to 8,000 horsepower for sale to our customers. The compressor packages that we fabricate are sold to customers for their use in various applications including gas gathering, gas lift, carbon dioxide injection, wellhead compression, gas storage, refrigeration plant compression, gas processing, pressure maintenance, pipeline transmission, vapor recovery, gas transmission, fuel gas boosters, and coal bed methane systems. Our pump systems can be utilized in multiple applications including oil and liquids production, transfer, and pipeline transmission, as well as water injection and disposal and other systems. 
 
 Our aftermarket business provides a wide range of services to support the needs of customers who own compression equipment as well as the sale of compressor package parts and components manufactured by third-party suppliers. These services include operations, maintenance, overhaul, and reconfiguration services and may be provided under turnkey engineering, procurement and construction contracts. Our aftermarket services are provided by our factory- and internally-trained technicians in most of the major oil and natural gas producing basins in the United States. 

1 

Our long-term growth strategy includes expanding our existing businesses through internal growth and acquisitions both in the U.S. and in select foreign countries. 
 
 Our operations are organized into a single business segment. For financial information regarding our revenues and total assets, see Note N Geographic Information contained in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 
 2014 Compressor Systems, Inc. Acquisition 
 
 On August 4, 2014, pursuant to a stock purchase agreement dated July 20, 2014, one of our subsidiaries acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Compressor Systems, Inc. ("CSI") for 825.0 million cash (the "CSI Acquisition"). The CSI Acquisition purchase price was funded by the sale and issuance of new senior notes and common units and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. A subsidiary of TETRA purchased a portion of the new equity issued and TETRA contributed cash to maintain its approximately 2 general partner interest in us following the offering of the new common units. The issuance of the new common units, including those purchased by TETRA, together with the contribution by TETRA of additional capital to maintain its general partner interest, resulted in the net reduction of TETRA s ownership interest in us from approximately 82 to approximately 44 . Through TETRA s wholly owned subsidiary, CSI Compressco GP Inc., TETRA manages and controls us. As of December 31, 2016 , common units held by the public represent approximately a 56 ownership interest in us. 
 
 Certain of our domestic services are performed by our wholly owned subsidiary CSI Compressco Operating LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (our Operating LLC ), pursuant to contracts that our legal counsel has concluded generate qualifying income under Section 7704 of the Internal Revenue Code, or qualifying income. We do not pay U.S. federal income taxes on the portion of our business conducted by Operating LLC. CSI Compressco Sub Inc. and CSI, which are also wholly owned subsidiaries of ours, conduct substantially all of our operations that our legal counsel has not concluded generate qualifying income, and pay U.S. federal income tax with respect to such operations. We strive to ensure that all new domestic compression contracts are entered into by our Operating LLC and generate qualifying income. We also pay state and local income taxes in certain states, and we incur income taxes related to our foreign operations. 
 
 We rely on our general partner s board of directors and executive officers to manage our operations and make decisions on our behalf. Our general partner is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of TETRA. Unlike shareholders in a publicly traded corporation, our unitholders are not entitled to elect our general partner or its directors. All of our general partner s directors are elected by TETRA. Our general partner does not receive any management fee in connection with its management of our business. However, our general partner is reimbursed for certain indirect and direct expenses, including compensation expenses, incurred on our behalf. In addition, our general partner receives distributions based on its limited and general partner interests and incentive distribution rights. 
 
 Strategy to Improve Liquidity and Strengthen Our Balance Sheet in 2016 
 
 During 2016, we were proactive in preparing for changes in the market environment by managing our cost structure, reducing capital expenditures, and strengthening our balance sheet. While remaining committed to a long-term growth strategy, our near-term focus during this period of reduced activity and demand was to preserve and enhance liquidity through strategic operating and financial measures. 
 
 These efforts included: 

In May 2016 and November 2016, we entered into amendments of the agreement governing our bank revolving credit facility by, among other things, favorably amending certain financial covenants. 

In August 2016 and September 2016, we issued and sold newly-authorized Series A Convertible Preferred Units (the "Preferred Units") in a private placement and used the aggregate net proceeds of 76.9 million to reduce outstanding indebtedness under our bank credit facility and 7.25 Senior Notes. TETRA purchased a portion of the Preferred Units for 10.0 million . 
 
 (For detailed information on each of these items, see Item 7- Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.") 

2 

Each of the above described liquidity and balance sheet measures was implemented to position us to be able to capitalize on growth opportunities as they arise in connection with the long-anticipated recovery of the oil and gas services industry. In early 2017, we are seeing indicators of improving demand for certain of our products and services. We intend to continue taking the actions we believe appropriate to strengthen our balance sheet and to position us financially to be able to capitalize on opportunities in the recovering market. 
 
 Products and Services 
 
 We are a provider of compression services and equipment for natural gas and oil production, gathering, transmission, processing, and storage. Natural gas compression is a mechanical process in which the pressure of a given volume of natural gas is increased to a higher pressure. It is essential to the production and movement of natural gas. Compression is typically required numerous times in the natural gas production and sales cycle, including (i) at the wellhead, (ii) throughout gathering and distribution systems, (iii) into and out of processing and storage facilities and (iv) in natural gas pipelines. Compression is also utilized for gas lift, an artificial lift technique for producing oil that has insufficient reservoir pressure. We fabricate and sell standard compressor packages, custom-designed compressor packages, and oilfield fluid pump systems. We also provide aftermarket compression services and sell compressor package parts and components manufactured by third-party suppliers. 
 
 Compression Services 
 
 We utilize our fleet of compressor packages to provide a variety of compression services to our customers to meet their specific requirements. Our fleet includes approximately 6,000 compressor packages that provide more than 1.1 million in aggregate horsepower, employing a wide spectrum of low-, medium-, and high-horsepower engines. We fabricate our compressor packages primarily at our fabrication facility in Midland, Texas. The horsepower of our natural gas compressor package fleet as of December 31, 2016 is summarized in the following table: 
 
 Range of Horsepower Per Package 
 
 Number of Packages 
 
 Aggregate Horsepower 
 
 of Aggregate Horsepower 

0 - 100 
 
 3,904 

183,100 

16.4 
 
 101 - 800 
 
 1,626 

457,809 

41.1 
 
 Over 800 
 
 353 

473,403 

42.5 
 
 Total 
 
 5,883 

1,114,312 

100.0 

Low-Horsepower (0-100 Horsepower) Compression Services . Our natural gas powered, low-horsepower compressor packages include our GasJack packages that are relatively compact and easy to transport to our customer s well site. We utilize our electric powered, low-horsepower VJack compressor packages to provide production enhancement services on wells where electric power is available. Our low-horsepower packages allow us to perform wellhead compression, fluids separation, and optional gas metering services all from one skid, thereby providing services that otherwise would generally require the use of multiple, more costly pieces of equipment. We utilize our low-horsepower compressor packages to provide production enhancement for dry gas wells and liquid-loaded gas wells and backside auto injection systems BAIS ). BAIS monitors tubing pressure to redirect gas flow into the casing annulus as needed to help gas wells unload liquids that hinder production. We also utilize our low-horsepower compressor packages to collect hydrocarbon vapors that are a by-product of oil production and storage vapor recovery and to reduce casing pressure of pumping oil wells to enhance oil production casing gas systems ). 
 
 Medium-Horsepower (101-800 Horsepower) Compression Services. O ur medium-horsepower compressor packages are primarily utilized to move natural gas from the wellhead through the field gathering system by boosting the pressure of the natural gas flowing through the system. Additionally, these compressor packages are used to reinject natural gas into producing vertical and horizontal oil wells that have insufficient reservoir pressure, to help lift liquids to the surface ("gas lift operations"). Typically, these applications require medium-horsepower compressor packages located at or near the wellhead. These compressor packages are also used to increase the efficiency of low-capacity natural gas fields by providing a central compression point from which the natural gas can be further processed and transported. These compressor packages feature primarily two- and three-stage compressors powered by natural gas engines ranging from 101 to 800 horsepower and equipped with interstage cooling. 
 
 3 

High-Horsepower (Over 800 Horsepower) Compression Services. Our high-horsepower compressor packages are primarily utilized in midstream applications including natural gas gathering and centralized compression facilities. They move natural gas from individual wells or a group of wells to boost the pressure while being moved into a gathering pipeline that leads to various types of processing facilities. A significant number of these compressor packages in midstream applications also serve the dual purpose of gas lift operations by injecting a percentage of the compressed natural gas into producing oil wells. Our high-horsepower compressor packages are also used in connection with the movement of natural gas from gathering systems to storage facilities or the end user. These compressor packages feature primarily two- and three-stage compressors powered by natural gas engines over 800 horsepower and equipped with interstage cooling. 
 
 Other Related Services. In certain Latin America markets, we provide well monitoring and sand separation services in connection with our primary low-horsepower compression services. Well monitoring services include a variety of services that monitor and optimize production from oil and gas wells. We utilize automated sand separators, which are high-pressure vessels with automated valve operation functions, at the well to remove solids that would otherwise cause abrasive wear damage to compression and other equipment that is installed downstream and inhibit production from the well. We also provide early production services EPS to a customer in Argentina through a subcontract with TETRA. We rent the related equipment from TETRA under a separate rental agreement. Under our agreement with TETRA, TETRA bears all of the risk associated with the EPS customer contract, and we retain a portion of the income generated under the EPS contract. 
 
 Compression Services Contract Terms. Prior to the CSI Acquisition, our compression services were primarily performed under service contracts using our low-horsepower compressor packages. A significant portion of these low-horsepower compression services are provided under services contracts that our legal counsel has concluded will generate qualifying income that is not subject to U.S. federal income taxes. Under these services contracts, we are responsible for providing our services in accordance with the particular specifications of a job. As owner and operator, we are responsible for operating and maintaining the equipment we utilize to provide our services. Our domestic services contracts typically have an initial term of one month and, unless terminated by us or our customers with 30-days' notice, continue on a month-to-month basis thereafter. We charge our customers a fixed monthly fee for the services provided under the contract. If the level of services we provide falls below certain contractually-specified percentages, other than as a result of factors beyond our control, our customers are generally entitled to request limited credits against our service fees. To date, these credits have been insignificant as a percentage of revenue. Although CSI's contract compression business is very similar in substance to ours, it was not conducted under service contracts. The CSI contracts typically have twelve month to twenty-four month initial terms and are month-to-month thereafter. Some customers may renew for additional twelve month extensions. Since our acquisition of CSI, we have transitioned a significant majority of CSI's pre-acquisition customer contracts to compression service contracts. 
 
 We generally own the equipment we use to provide services to our customers, and we bear the risk of loss to this equipment to the extent not caused by (i) a breach of certain obligations of the customer, primarily involving the service site and the fuel gas being supplied to us, or (ii) an uncontrolled well condition. Utilizing our proprietary, satellite telemetry-based reporting system, we remotely monitor, in real time, on most equipment, whether our services are being continuously provided at domestic customer well sites. 
 
 As owner of the equipment, we are obligated to pay ad valorem taxes levied on the equipment and related insurance expenses, and we do not seek reimbursement for such taxes and expenses from our service agreement customers. 
 
 Equipment and Parts Sales 
 
 We fabricate and sell natural gas compressor packages for various applications, including: gas gathering, gas lift, carbon dioxide injection, wellhead compression, gas storage, refrigeration plant compression, gas processing, pressure maintenance, pipeline transmission, vapor recovery, pipeline station optimization, gas transmission, fuel gas boosters and coal bed methane systems. 
 
 We also fabricate and sell oilfield fluid pump systems through our wholly-owned Pump Systems International, Inc. subsidiary. The pump systems are fabricated at our facility in Midland, Texas or by third-party fabricators and they are sold primarily in South American, Asian and Middle Eastern markets. 

4 

Aftermarket Business 
 
 Through our aftermarket operations, we provide a wide range of services to support the needs of customers who own compression equipment. The services provided are primarily operation, maintenance, overhaul and reconfiguration services, which may be provided under turnkey engineering, procurement and construction contracts. We also sell engine parts, compressor package parts, and other parts manufactured by third parties that are utilized in natural gas compressor packages. We have factory- and internally-trained technicians in most of the major oil and natural gas producing basins in the United States to perform these services. 
 
 Compressor Package Fabrication Facilities and Sources of Raw Materials 
 
 At our fabrication facility in Midland, Texas, we design, engineer, and fabricate a wide spectrum of natural gas reciprocating and rotary screw compressor packages up to 8,000 horsepower, including both standard field compression equipment meeting industry standards and specialty engineered compression equipment designed for unique customer specifications. We internally fabricate skids, pressure vessels built to American Society of Mechanical Engineers code, and piping systems and integrate them with engines, compressors, and other components obtained from third-party suppliers. The compressor packages are used in our services business and they are sold to major and independent oil and natural gas exploration and production companies as well as midstream processing and transmission companies. We design, engineer, fabricate, and market high quality gas compressor packages that have a superior reputation in the industry as indicated by occasional sales to competitive fleets and to end users who have their own compressor package fabrication capabilities. 
 
 A majority of the components we use to fabricate compressor packages and pump systems are obtained from third-party suppliers. These components represent a significant portion of the cost of the compressor packages and pump systems. Some of the components used in the assembly of our compressor packages and pump systems are obtained from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers. Typical contracts with these suppliers are for a period of twelve months. Should we experience a lack of availability of the components we use to fabricate our packages and systems, we believe that there are adequate, alternative suppliers and that any impact would not be severe, although short-term disruptions could be material. We occasionally experience long lead times for components from suppliers and, therefore, at times make purchases in anticipation of future orders. 
 
 Market Overview and Competition 
 
 Our operations are significantly dependent upon the demand for, and production of, natural gas and oil in the various domestic and international markets in which we operate. Beginning in 2014 and continuing throughout most of 2016, reduced prices of natural gas and oil led to declines in our customers' capital expenditure levels in the domestic and international markets in which we operate. The decline in activity in the natural gas and oil exploration and production industry resulted in reduced demand for our products and services compared to early 2014 levels, which is expected to continue. With the increase in oil and gas pricing in the second half of 2016 and in early 2017, we are seeing indicators of improving demand for certain of our products and services. 
 
 Customers 
 
 We provide services to a broad base of natural gas and oil exploration and production, midstream, pipeline transmission, and storage companies operating throughout many of the onshore producing regions of the United States. We also have operations in Latin America and certain other foreign regions. While most of our domestic services are performed throughout Texas, the San Juan Basin, the Rocky Mountain region, and the Mid-Continent region of the United States, we also have a presence in other U.S. producing regions. We continue to seek opportunities to further expand our operations into other regions in the U.S. and elsewhere in the world. 
 
 Our service contracts are generally terminable upon thirty days notice after the primary term has expired. Although we enter into short-term contracts, many of our largest customers have been with us for over five years. Our most significant customer for the year ended December 31, 2016 was ConocoPhillips which accounted for approximately 11.2 of our consolidated revenues for the year. Other major customers included Anadarko, Cimarex Energy, Denbury Onshore, and Targa Resources, none of which individually accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated revenues. The loss of any of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and our ability to make cash distributions to our unitholders. 

5 

Competition 
 
 The natural gas compression services and compressor package fabrication and sale businesses are highly competitive. We experience competition from companies that may be able to more quickly adapt to changes within our industry and changes in economic conditions as a whole, more readily take advantage of available opportunities, and adopt more aggressive pricing policies. Primary competition for our low-horsepower compression services business comes from smaller local and regional companies that utilize packages consisting of a screw or reciprocating compressor with a separate engine driver. These local and regional competitors tend to compete with us on the basis of price, as opposed to our focus on providing production enhancement value to the customer. Competition for our mid- and high-horsepower compression services business comes primarily from large national and multinational companies that may have greater financial resources than ours. Such competitors include ArchRock, AXIP Energy Services, Exterran, CDM Resource Management, J-W Power, and USA Compression. Our competition in the standard compressor package fabrication and sale markets includes several large companies and a large number of small, regional fabricators, including some of those who we compete with for compression services, as well as AG Equipment Company, Enerflex, SEC Energy Products Services, and others. Our competition in the custom-designed market usually consists of larger companies with the ability to provide integrated projects and product support after the sale, including some of the competitors noted above. The ability to fabricate these large custom-designed packages at our facilities near the point of end-use of many customers is often a competitive advantage. 
 
 Many of our compression services competitors compete on the basis of price. We believe our pricing has proven to be competitive because of the significant increases in the value that results from use of our services, our customer service, trained field personnel, and the quality of the compressor packages we use to provide our services. 
 
 Other Business Matters 
 
 Marketing 
 
 We utilize various marketing strategies to promote our services and compressor package and pump system products. Our account managers attempt to build close working relationships with our existing and potential customers to educate them about our services and products by scheduling personal visits, hosting and attending tradeshows and conferences, and participating in industry organizations. We sponsor and make presentations at industry events that are targeted to production managers, compression specialists, and other decision makers. Our marketing representatives also use these marketing opportunities to promote our value-added service initiatives, such as the use of our proprietary satellite telemetry-based system, our wellsite optimization program, and our call center. 
 
 Backlog 
 
 Our equipment and parts sales business consists of the fabrication and sale of standard compressor packages, custom-designed compressor packages, and pump systems. Our custom-designed packages are typically greater in size and complexity than standard fabrication packages, requiring more labor, materials, and overhead resources. This business requires diligent planning of those resources and project and backlog management in order to meet the customer's desired delivery dates and performance criteria, and achieve fabrication efficiencies. As of December 31, 2016 , our equipment sales backlog was approximately 21.6 million , most of which is expected to be recognized in the year ended December 31, 2017, based on title passing to the customer, the customer assuming the risks of ownership, reasonable assurance of collectability, and delivery occurring as directed by our customer. This backlog consists of firm customer orders for which a purchase or work order has been received, satisfactory credit or financing arrangements exist, and delivery has been scheduled. This backlog is a measure of marketing effectiveness that allows us to plan future labor and raw material needs and measure our success in winning bids from our customers. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of December 31, 2016 , our general partner and certain of our subsidiaries had approximately 600 full-time employees who provide services to conduct our operations. Our general partner s U.S. employees and our employees in Canada are not subject to collective bargaining agreements. Under our Omnibus Agreement with TETRA, certain employees of TETRA and its affiliates also provide services to our general partner, us, and our 
 
 6 

subsidiaries, and we reimburse TETRA for these services. Our employees in Argentina and Mexico are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. The employees of TETRA who provide services to us in Argentina and Mexico are subject to numerous collective labor agreements. We believe that the various employers of these employees have good relations with these employees and we have not experienced work stoppages in the past. 
 
 Proprietary Technology and Trademarks 
 
 It is our practice to enter into confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants, and third parties to whom we disclose our confidential and proprietary information. There can be no assurance, however, that these measures will prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our trade secrets and expertise or that others may not independently develop similar trade secrets or expertise. Our management believes, however, that it would require a substantial period of time and substantial resources to independently develop similar know-how or technology. 
 
 We sell various services and products under a variety of trademarks and service marks, some of which are registered in the United States. 
 
 Health, Safety, and Environmental Affairs Regulations 
 
 We believe that our service and sales operations and fabricating plants are in substantial compliance with all applicable U.S. and foreign health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations. We are committed to conducting all of our operations under the highest standards of safety and respect for the environment. However, risks of substantial costs and liabilities are inherent in certain of our operations and in the development and handling of certain products and equipment produced or used at our plants, well locations, and worksites. Because of these risks, there can be no assurance that significant costs and liabilities will not be incurred in the future. Changes in environmental and health and safety regulations could subject us to more rigorous standards. We cannot predict the extent to which our operations may be affected by future regulatory and enforcement policies. 
 
 We are subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to protection of human health and the environment. The primary environmental laws that impact our operations in the United States include: 
 
 the Clean Air Act and comparable state laws, and regulations thereunder, which regulate air emissions; 
 
 the Clean Water Act and comparable state laws, and regulations thereunder, which regulate the discharge of pollutants into regulated waters, including industrial wastewater discharges and storm water runoff; 
 
 the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, or RCRA ), and comparable state laws, and regulations, thereunder, which regulate the management and disposal of solid and hazardous waste; and 
 
 the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, or CERCLA ), and comparable state laws, and regulations thereunder, known more commonly as Superfund, which impose liability for the cleanup of releases of hazardous substances in the environment. 
 
 Our operations in the United States are also subject to regulation under the Occupational Safety and Health Act ("OSHA") and comparable state laws, and regulations thereunder, which regulate the protection of the health and safety of workers. 
 
 The Clean Air Act and implementing regulations and comparable state laws and regulations regulate emissions of air pollutants from various industrial sources and also impose various monitoring and reporting requirements, including requirements related to emissions from certain stationary engines. These laws and regulations impose limits on the levels of various substances that may be emitted into the atmosphere from our compressor packages and require us to meet more stringent air emission standards and install new emission control equipment on all of our engines built after July 1, 2008. In addition, the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") issued regulations in April 2012 that require the reduction of emissions of volatile organic compounds, air toxins, and methane, a greenhouse gas, at certain oil and gas operations. We are not currently aware of material impacts to our operations associated with these rules. 
 
 The EPA has determined that greenhouse gases present an endangerment to public health and the environment because, according to the EPA, they contribute to global warming and climate change. As a result, the EPA has begun to regulate certain sources of greenhouse gases, including air emissions associated with oil and gas production particularly as they relate to the hydraulic fracturing of natural gas wells. In addition, the EPA has 
 
 7 

issued regulations requiring the reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from certain sources including onshore and offshore oil and natural gas production facilities and onshore oil and gas processing, transmission, storage, and distribution facilities. Reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from such facilities is required on an annual basis. The EPA s rules relating to emissions of greenhouse gases from large stationary sources of emissions are currently subject to a number of legal challenges, but the federal courts have thus far declined to issue any injunctions to prevent the EPA or state environmental agencies from implementing the rules. Further, Congress has considered, and almost one-half of the states have adopted, legislation that seeks to control or reduce emissions of greenhouse gases from a wide range of sources. 
 
 The Clean Water Act and implementing regulations and comparable state laws and regulations prohibit the discharge of pollutants into regulated waters without a permit and establish limits on the levels of pollutants contained in these discharges. In addition, the Clean Water Act and other comparable laws and regulations regulate storm water discharges associated with industrial activities depending on a facility s primary standard industrial classification. Our facilities are in compliance with these requirements, as necessary. 
 
 RCRA and implementing regulations and state laws and regulations address the management and disposal of solid and hazardous waste. These laws and regulations govern the generation, storage, treatment, transfer, and disposal of wastes including, but not limited to, used oil, antifreeze, filters, sludges, and paint, solvents and sandblast materials. The EPA and various state agencies have limited the approved methods of disposal for these types of wastes. We believe we are in substantial compliance with all applicable requirements. 
 
 CERCLA and comparable state laws and regulations impose strict, joint, and several liabilities without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct on certain classes of persons that contributed to the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. These persons include the owner or operator of a disposal site where a hazardous substance release occurred and any company that transported, disposed of, or arranged for the transport or disposal of such hazardous substances released at a site. Under CERCLA, such persons may be liable for the costs of remediating the hazardous substances that have been released into the environment, for damages to natural resources, and for the costs of certain health studies. 
 
 We believe that we have properly disposed of all historical waste streams and we have no outstanding liability regarding any past waste handling or spill activities; however, there is always the possibility that future spills and releases of petroleum hydrocarbons, wastes, or other regulated substances into the environment could cause us to become subject to remediation costs and liabilities under CERCLA, RCRA, or other environmental laws. The costs and liabilities associated with the future imposition of remedial obligations could have the potential for a material adverse effect on our operations or financial position. 
 
 We are subject to the requirements of OSHA and comparable state statutes. These laws and regulations strictly govern the protection of the health and safety of employees. The OSHA hazard communication standard, the EPA community right-to-know regulations under Title III of CERCLA, and similar state statutes require that we maintain and/or disclose information about hazardous materials used or produced in our operations. We believe that we are in substantial compliance with these requirements and other applicable similar laws. 
 
 Our compressor packages may be subject to additional regulatory requirements under the Clean Air Act. For example, regulations under the National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants NESHAPS provisions of the Clean Air Act require control of hazardous air pollutants from new and existing stationary reciprocal internal combustion engines. Our equipment is also subject to additional prescribed maintenance practices and catalyst installation may also be required. More recently, the EPA finalized rules that establish new air emission controls under the New Source Performance Standards and NESHAPS for natural gas and natural gas liquids production, processing and transportation activities. These rules establish specific requirements associated with emissions from compressors and controllers at natural gas gathering and boosting stations. 
 
 We design and fabricate our compressor packages to meet applicable customer and government regulatory health, safety, and environmental requirements. Our operations outside the United States are subject to foreign governmental laws and regulations relating to the environment, health and safety, and other regulated activities. We believe that our operations are in substantial compliance with existing foreign governmental laws and regulations. 

8 

Related Party Agreements 
 
 Under our Omnibus Agreement with TETRA, our general partner provides all personnel and services reasonably necessary to manage our operations and conduct our business other than in Mexico and Argentina and certain of TETRA s Latin American subsidiaries provide personnel and services necessary for the conduct of certain of our Latin American business. In addition, under the Omnibus Agreement, TETRA provides corporate and general and administrative services requested by our general partner including certain legal, accounting and financial reporting, treasury, insurance administration, claims processing and risk management, health, safety and environmental, information technology, human resources, credit, payroll, internal audit and tax services. Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, we reimburse our general partner and TETRA and its subsidiaries for services they provide to us. In January 2017, we and TETRA agreed that our reimbursement for corporate general and administrative services performed by TETRA during the fourth quarter of 2016 would be paid using common units rather than cash. We may sometimes refer herein to the personnel of our general partner, TETRA, and its subsidiaries who provide services for the conduct of our business as our personnel or other similar references. 
 
 Under the Omnibus Agreement, we or TETRA may, but neither of us is under any obligation to, perform for the other such production enhancement or other oilfield services on a subcontract basis as are needed or desired by the other, for such periods of time and in such amounts as may be mutually agreed upon by TETRA and our general partner. Any such services are required to be performed on terms that are (i) approved by the conflicts committee of our general partner s board of directors, (ii) no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from non-affiliated third parties, as determined by our general partner, or (iii) fair and reasonable to us, taking into account the totality of the relationships between TETRA and us (including other transactions that may be particularly favorable or advantageous to us), as determined by our general partner. 
 
 Under the Omnibus Agreement, we or TETRA may, but neither of us is under any obligation to, sell, lease, or like-kind exchange to the other such production enhancement or other oilfield services equipment as is needed or desired, in such amounts, upon such conditions, and for such periods of time, as may be mutually agreed upon by TETRA and our general partner. Any such sales, leases, or like-kind exchanges are required to be on terms that are (i) approved by the conflicts committee of our general partner s board of directors, (ii) no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from non-affiliated third parties, as determined by our general partner, or (iii) fair and reasonable to us, taking into account the totality of the relationships between TETRA and us (including other transactions that may be particularly favorable or advantageous to us), as determined by our general partner. In addition, TETRA may purchase newly fabricated equipment from us at a negotiated price provided that such price may not be less than the sum of the total costs (other than any allocations of general and administrative expenses) incurred by us in fabricating such equipment plus a fixed margin percentage thereof, and TETRA may purchase from us previously fabricated equipment for a price that is not less than the sum of the net book value of such equipment plus a fixed margin percentage thereof, unless otherwise approved by the conflicts committee of our general partner s board of directors, . 
 
 The Omnibus Agreement, as amended in June 2014 to extend its term, will terminate (other than the indemnification obligations contained therein) upon the earlier to occur of a change of control of the general partner or TETRA or upon any party providing at least 180 days' prior written notice of termination. 
 
 In addition to the Omnibus Agreement, we have entered into other operational agreements with TETRA. For a more comprehensive discussion of the Omnibus Agreement and other agreements we have entered into with TETRA, please see Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Certain Business Risks 
 
 Although it is not possible to identify all of the risks we encounter, we have identified the following significant risk factors that could affect our actual results and cause actual results to differ materially from any such results that might be projected, forecasted, or estimated by us in this report. 

9 

We depend on domestic and international demand for and production of natural gas and oil, and a reduction in this demand or production could adversely affect the demand or the prices we charge for our services, which could cause our revenue and cash available for distribution to our unitholders to decrease. 
 
 Our operations are significantly dependent upon the demand for, and production of, natural gas and oil in the various domestic and international markets in which we operate. Natural gas and oil production may be affected by, among other factors, prices for such commodities, weather, and availability of alternative energy sources. 
 The reduction in natural gas and oil prices that began in 2014 and continued through 2015 and 2016 is expected to continue to result in declining demand for certain of our products and services compared to 2014 levels, which may reduce our cash available for distribution. U.S. natural gas prices in 2016 were the lowest in nearly 20 years, with Henry Hub prices ranging from a low of 1.49 per million British thermal units MMBtu in March 2016 to a high of 3.80 per MMBtu in December 2016, although prices have more than doubled since March 2016. The Henry Hub price for natural gas as of February 21, 2017 was 2.56 per MMBtu. Although crude oil prices were volatile early in 2016, with West Texas Intermediate oil prices ranging from a nearly 13-year low of 26.19 per barrel in February 2016 to a high of 54.01 per barrel in December 2016, prices steadily increased to their strongest level in 18 months by the end of 2016. U.S. natural gas and oil prices are steadily climbing and the sector is regaining a sense of optimism, however if oil and natural gas prices in 2017 remain at the current decreased price relative to 2014 or further decline, this may further negatively affect the operating cash flows and exploration and development activities and plans of many of our customers and continue to have a negative impact on the demand for our compression products and services. 
 
 We may not have sufficient cash from operations following the establishment of cash reserves and payment of debt service and other contractual obligations, fees and expenses, including cost reimbursements to our general partner, to enable us to make cash distributions to our common unitholders at the current quarterly distribution rate . 
 
 Under the terms of our partnership agreement, the amount of cash otherwise available for distribution is reduced by our operating expenses and the amount of cash reserves that our general partner establishes to provide for future operations, future capital expenditures, future debt service requirements, and future cash distributions to our common unitholders. As a result of the decreased demand for certain of our products and services by our customers in response to decreased oil and natural gas prices since 2014, we have taken strategic cost reduction efforts, including headcount reductions, deferral of wage increases, wage reductions, workweek reductions, and other efforts to reduce costs and generate cash. On January 20, 2017 , our General Partner declared a cash distribution attributable to the quarter ended December 31, 2016 , of 0.3775 per common unit, consistent with the prior quarter. In order to make cash distributions at this current distribution rate of 0.3775 per common unit per quarter, or 1.51 per common unit per year, we will require available cash of approximately 12.9 million per quarter, or 51.5 million per year, based on the number of common units outstanding as of February 28, 2017 . As a result of the issuance of the Preferred Units during 2016, and as Preferred Units convert into common units beginning in 2017, more distributable cash will be required to maintain the current distribution rate per common unit. We may not have sufficient available cash each quarter to enable us to make cash distributions at the current quarterly distribution rate under our cash distribution policy, or any distribution at all. The amount of cash we can distribute to our common unitholders principally depends upon the amount of cash we generate from our operations, which fluctuates from quarter-to-quarter based on, among other things, the risks described in this section. 
 
 Many of our operating expenses have been volatile and may continue to be volatile or increase in the future. To the extent our efforts to contain these costs are not successful, our generation of operating cash flows to fund our quarterly distributions will be negatively affected. 
 
 Failure to comply with the financial ratios in our Credit Agreement could result in defaults under our Credit Agreement and result in decreased credit availability and reduced distributions. 
 
 Our Credit Agreement provides us with an asset-based revolving credit facility with a borrowing capacity of up to 315 million, subject to borrowing base requirements. As of December 31, 2016 , our consolidated balance sheet includes 504.1 million carrying value of long-term debt consisting of (i) 217.5 million carrying value under the Credit Agreement and (ii) 286.6 million carrying value of 7.25 Senior Notes issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of August 4, 2014 with U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the "Indenture"). Debt service costs related to our outstanding long-term debt represents a significant use of our operating cash flow and could increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions. Payment of our debt service obligations reduces cash available for distribution to our common unitholders. Any breach of, or our inability to borrow under, 
 
 10 

our Credit Agreement, could impact our ability to fund distributions (if we elected to do so), among other adverse impacts. 
 
 Our Credit Agreement, as amended in November 2016, contains financial ratio covenants requiring us to maintain; (i) a minimum interest coverage ratio which is a ratio of a defined measure of earnings to interest, both measured over the trailing twelve months) of (A) 2.25 to 1 at the end of the fiscal quarters ending during the period from and including December 31, 2016 through June 30, 2018, (B) 2.50 to 1 at the end of the fiscal quarters ending during the period from and including September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2018, and (C) 2.75 to 1 at the end of the fiscal quarters ending during the period from and including March 31, 2019 and thereafter; (ii) a maximum total leverage ratio (which is a ratio of a defined measure of debt to a defined measure of earnings, both measured over the trailing twelve months) of (A) 5.95 to 1 at the end of the fiscal quarters ending during the period from and including December 31, 2016 through June 30, 2018, (B) 5.75 to 1 at the end of the fiscal quarters ending during the period from and including September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2018, and (C) 5.50 to 1 at the end of the fiscal quarters ending during the period from and including March 31, 2019 and thereafter; and (iii) a maximum secured leverage ratio (which is a ratio of a defined measure of secured debt to a defined measure of earnings, both measured over the trailing twelve months) of (A) 3.25 to 1 at the end of the fiscal quarters ending during the period from and including December 31, 2016 through June 30, 2018, and (B) 3.50 to 1 at the end of the fiscal quarters ending during the period from and including September 30, 2018 and thereafter. Continued access to our Credit Agreement is dependent upon our compliance with financial ratio covenants as well as the borrowing base and other provisions set forth in the Credit Agreement. Our Credit Agreement contains additional restrictive provisions ("cash dominion provisions") that are imposed if an event of default has occurred and is continuing or "excess availability" falls below 30.0 million. Our Credit Agreement and the 7.25 Senior Notes also include covenants that restrict our ability to take certain actions or engage in certain transactions. 
 
 Our Credit Agreement provides that we may make distributions to holders of our common units, but only if there is no default under the Credit Agreement and we maintain excess availability of 30.0 million. Our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in our Credit Agreement may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial, and industry conditions. If market or other economic conditions deteriorate, our ability to comply with these covenants may be impaired. A failure to comply with the provisions of our Credit Agreement could result in an event of default. Upon an event of default, unless waived, the lenders under our Credit Agreement would have all remedies available to secured lenders and could elect to terminate their commitments, cease making further loans, require cash collateralization of letters of credit, cause their loans to become due and payable in full, institute foreclosure proceedings against us or our subsidiaries assets, and force us and our subsidiaries into bankruptcy or liquidation. If the payment of our debt is accelerated, our assets may be insufficient to repay such debt in full, and the holders of our common units could experience a partial or total loss of their investment. An event of default under our Credit Agreement could also constitute an event of default under our 7.25 Senior Notes. 
 
 We are in compliance with all covenants of our Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2016 . Our continuing ability to comply with covenants depends largely upon our ability to generate adequate cash flow. As a result of the recent decreased demand for certain of our products and services by our customers in response to decreased oil and natural gas prices beginning in 2014, we have taken strategic cost reduction efforts, including headcount reductions, deferral of salary increases, salary reductions, and other efforts to reduce costs and generate cash. We believe the steps taken have enhanced our operating cash flows and preserved our cash, and additional steps may be taken to continue to enhance our operating cash flows and preserve cash in the future. We have reviewed our financial forecasts as of February 28, 2017 which considers the impact of recent cost reduction efforts, the recent amendments to our Credit Agreement, and the 76.9 million of net proceeds received from our recent private placements of Preferred Units. Based on this review and the current market conditions as of February 28, 2017 , we believe that despite the current industry environment and activity levels, we will have adequate liquidity, earnings, and operating cash flows to fund our operations and debt obligations and maintain compliance with our Credit Agreement debt covenants through February 28, 2018. However, there can be no assurance that we will remain in compliance with one or more of our covenants of our Credit Agreement in the future. 
 
 Our debt levels may limit our flexibility in obtaining additional financing and in pursuing other business opportunities . 
 
 As of December 31, 2016 , we had approximately 222.0 million outstanding under our Credit Agreement and 295.9 million aggregate principal amount outstanding under our 7.25 Senior Notes. As of February 27, 2017 , 
 
 11 

the amount outstanding under our Credit Agreement had increased to approximately 241.0 million out of a maximum borrowing capacity of 315.0 million under our Credit Agreement. 
 
 Increases in our indebtedness would increase our total interest expense, which would in turn reduce our cash available for distribution. Our ability to service our indebtedness will depend upon, among other things, our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. If our operating results are not sufficient to service our current or future indebtedness, we may be forced to consider taking actions such as reducing distributions, reducing or delaying our business activities, acquisitions, investments and/or capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our indebtedness, or seeking additional equity capital or bankruptcy protection. We may not be able to take any of these courses of action. 
 
 The loss of any of our most significant customers would result in a decline in our revenue and cash available to pay distributions to our common unitholders . 
 
 Our five most significant customers collectively accounted for approximately 27.12 of our 2016 revenues. Our services and products are provided to these customers pursuant to equipment sales or short-term contract compression services agreements, many of which are cancellable with 30-days' notice. The loss of all or even a portion of the services we provide to these customers, as a result of competition or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and our ability to make cash distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 The credit and risk profile of TETRA could adversely affect our business and our ability to make distributions to our common unitholders . 
 
 The credit and business risk profile of TETRA could adversely affect our ability to incur indebtedness in the future or obtain a credit rating, as credit rating agencies may consider the leverage and credit profile of TETRA and its affiliates in assigning a rating because of their control of us, their performance of administrative functions for us, our close operational links, and our contractual relationships. Furthermore, the trading price of our common units may be adversely affected by financial or operational difficulties or excessive debt levels at TETRA. In addition, if TETRA s ownership of our general partner is pledged to TETRA s lenders, control over our general partner could be transferred to TETRA s lenders in the event of a default by TETRA. 
 
 We may be unable to negotiate extensions or replacements of our contracts with our customers, which are generally cancellable on 30-days' notice, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash available for distribution to our common unitholders . 
 
 We generally provide compression services to our customers under evergreen contracts that are cancellable on thirty days notice. We may be unable to negotiate extensions or replacements of these contracts on favorable terms, if at all, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash available for distribution to our common unitholders. 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk with regard to our indebtedness. 
 
 Our Credit Agreement provides for floating rate borrowings that bear interest at an agreed upon percentage rate spread above LIBOR or a base rate. As of February 27, 2017 , we had approximately 241.0 million of borrowings outstanding, including 2.3 million of letters of credit and performance bonds. Accordingly, our cash flows and results of operations are subject to interest rate risk exposure associated with the level of variable rate borrowings outstanding. We currently are not a party to an interest rate swap contract or other derivative instrument designed to hedge our exposure to interest rate fluctuation risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on variable rate indebtedness would increase (even if the amount borrowed remained the same). A 1.0 increase in interest rates on the borrowings outstanding under our Credit Agreement would cost us approximately 2.4 million in additional annual interest expense. 
 
 We face competition that may cause us to lose market share and harm our financial performance . 
 
 Our business is highly competitive. We face competition from a variety of large and small companies, including national and multinational companies with greater financial resources than we have. Our ability to renew or replace existing contracts with our customers at rates sufficient to maintain current revenues and cash flows 
 
 12 

could be adversely affected by the activities of our competitors. Our competitors could substantially increase the resources they devote to the development and marketing of competitive equipment or services, develop more efficient equipment, or decrease the price at which they offer their equipment services or sell their equipment. Any of these competitive pressures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and ability to make cash distributions to our common unitholders. 
 
 We depend on particular suppliers and are vulnerable to engine and compressor component shortages and 
 price increases, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash available for 
 distribution to our common unitholders. 
 
 We fabricate most of our compressor packages and pump systems. We obtain some of the components used in our compressor packages and pump systems from a single source or a limited group of suppliers. Significant suppliers of material components include Caterpillar, Inc. and Ariel Corporation for engines and compressor components, respectively. Our reliance on these and other suppliers involves several risks, including our potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of required components in a timely manner. We do not have long-term contracts with these sources and the partial or complete loss of certain of these sources could have a negative impact on our results of operations and could damage our customer relationships. Further, since any increase in component prices for compressor packages and pump systems fabricated by us could decrease our margins, a significant increase in the price of one or more of these components could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash available for distribution to our common unitholders. 
 
 Operating cash flow levels from the sale of compressor packages and pump systems are inconsistent. 
 
 A significant portion of our revenues is derived from the sales of compressor packages and pump systems. During 2016 , we reported revenues of 53.3 million from the sale of compressor packages. As of December 31, 2016 , we had a compressor package and pump system sales order backlog of 21.6 million , which compared to 33.6 million as of December 31, 2015 . Demand to purchase our compressor packages and pump systems is also affected by numerous factors, including the prices of natural gas and oil and the level of capital spending by our customers. A change in our business strategy or any of these factors could cause cash flows from the sale of compressor packages and pump systems to decrease. 
 
 The CSI Acquisition substantially changed the scope and size of our operations and business. 
 
 The CSI Acquisition substantially expanded the scope and size of our operations and business. Prior to the CSI Acquisition, we fabricated and provided services utilizing small horsepower wellhead compression packages, with total fleet horsepower of approximately 187,000 horsepower as of June 30, 2014. CSI has more and a broader range of contract compression equipment and the acquisition has resulted in our aggregate fleet horsepower as of December 31, 2016 increasing to approximately 1.1 million horsepower. Additionally, CSI has much larger equipment fabrication operations and provides aftermarket services that we have not historically provided. We may not be able to fully and efficiently integrate CSI s operations into our operations or to realize the expected economic benefits of the CSI Acquisition. 
 
 We may not fully realize the benefits from the CSI Acquisition. 
 
 As a result of the significant decline in oil and gas prices since the CSI Acquisition, we do not expect to realize all of the anticipated benefits from the CSI Acquisition. In addition, a portion of the expected benefits may not be realized if we are unable to fully and efficiently integrate the business and operations of CSI. While significant steps to integrate and consolidate operations functions have been accomplished, the integration of certain administrative functions has yet to be completed. We are currently reviewing the steps necessary to convert and consolidate CSI's financial accounting, operating, and information systems environment into our and TETRA's system environment. There can be no assurances that these system integration efforts will accomplish all the targeted efficiencies, or that they will not be more costly or take longer to accomplish than what we currently estimate. 
 
 We performed an inspection of the assets to be acquired, which we believe to be generally consistent with industry practices. However, the accuracy of our assessments of the assets and our estimates are inherently uncertain. There could also be environmental or other problems that are not necessarily observable even when the inspection is undertaken. If problems are identified after closing of the CSI Acquisition, the stock purchase agreement provides for limited recourse against the seller. 
 
 13 

Our future growth and success will depend upon a number of factors, some of which we cannot control. 
 
 Our long-term growth strategy includes both internal growth and growth through acquisitions. Our future internal growth and success will depend upon a number of factors that are outside of our control. These factors include our ability to: 
 
 attract new customers; 
 
 maintain our existing customers and maintain or expand the level of services we provide to them; and 
 
 recruit, train, and retain qualified field services and other personnel. 
 
 Failure in any of these areas could adversely affect our ability to execute our internal growth strategy. 
 
 Our ability to grow in the future may be dependent on our ability to access external expansion capital . 
 
 We distribute to our common unitholders all of our available cash after paying expenses and establishing desired reserves. As of December 31, 2016 , our total cash balance was 20.8 million . If our cash balances are insufficient to fund future growth opportunities, we plan to rely primarily upon external financing sources, including borrowings under our revolving credit facility and the issuance of debt and equity securities, to fund such growth. To the extent we are unable to efficiently finance growth externally, our cash distribution policy will significantly impair our ability to grow. To the extent we issue additional partnership units in connection with our growth, the payment of distributions on those additional partnership units may increase the risk that we will be unable to maintain or increase our per-unit distribution. There are no limitations in our partnership agreement or our Credit Agreement on our ability to issue additional common units. 
 
 We may be unable to grow successfully through future acquisitions and we may not be able to achieve the expected benefits of and integrate the businesses we do acquire effectively, which may impact our operations and limit our ability to increase distributions to our common unitholders. 
 
 From time to time, we may choose to make business acquisitions to pursue market opportunities, increase our existing capabilities, and expand into new areas of operations. We may not be able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities or successfully acquire identified targets. As a result of the decreased demand for certain of our products and services by our customers in response to decreased oil and natural gas prices since 2014, and our expectation that the reduced demand will continue for an indefinite period of time, we may not achieve all of the expected benefits of or be successful in fully integrating the CSI Acquisition or any future acquisitions into our existing operations, which may result in unforeseen operational difficulties or diminished financial performance or require a disproportionate amount of attention from our general partner s personnel. Even if we are successful in fully integrating the CSI Acquisition or any future acquisitions into our existing operations, we may not derive the benefits, such as operational or administrative synergies, that we expect from such acquisitions, which may result in the commitment of our capital resources without the expected returns on such capital. Furthermore, competition for acquisition opportunities may escalate, increasing our cost of making acquisitions or causing us to refrain from making acquisitions. Our inability to make acquisitions or to achieve the expected results of and integrate successfully future acquisitions into our existing operations may impact our operations and limit our ability to increase distributions to our common unitholders. 
 
 Our sales to and operations in foreign countries exposes us to additional risks and uncertainties, including with respect to U.S. trade and economic sanctions, export control laws, and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
 FCPA ), and similar anti-bribery laws. If we are not in compliance with applicable legal requirements, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties and other remedial measures that could have a material impact on our business. 
 
 We have operations in Mexico, Canada, and Argentina as well as a number of other foreign countries. A portion of our expected future growth includes expansion in these and other foreign countries. Foreign operations carry special risks. Our operations in the countries in which we currently operate and those countries in which we may operate in the future, could be adversely affected by: 
 
 government controls and actions, such as expropriation of assets and changes in legal and regulatory environments; 
 
 import and export license requirements; 
 
 14 

political, social, or economic instability; 
 
 trade restrictions; 
 
 changes in tariffs and taxes; 
 
 currency exposure; 
 
 restrictions on repatriating foreign profits back to the United States; and 
 
 the impact of anti-corruption laws. 
 
 Sanctions imposed by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC prohibit our operations in or sales to customers in certain foreign countries. We are also subject to the FCPA, which prohibits U.S. companies and their intermediaries from bribing foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment, and other similar laws governing our foreign operations. The FCPA s foreign counterparts, including the UK Bribery Act, contain similar prohibitions, although varying in both scope and jurisdiction. We operate in parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption in the past. 
 
 We have policies and procedures to maintain our compliance with the FCPA, OFAC sanctions, export controls, and similar laws and regulations. While we do not believe that CSI was in violation of any of the aforementioned laws or regulations, including with respect to its historical sales to customers in Mexico and the Republic of the Union of Myanmar (also referred to as Myanmar or Burma), it is possible that we could discover such violations in the process of our integration. The implementation of such policies and procedures may be time consuming and expensive, and could result in the discovery of issues or violations with respect to the foregoing by us or our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors, or agents of which we were previously unaware. If we violate, or discover that CSI has violated, any of these regulations, significant administrative, civil, and criminal penalties could be assessed on us. In addition, foreign governments and agencies often establish permit and regulatory standards different from those in the U.S. If we cannot obtain foreign regulatory approvals or cannot obtain them in a timely manner, our growth and profitability from international operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Escalating security disruptions in regions of Mexico served by us could adversely affect our Mexican operations, and, as a result, the levels of revenue and operating cash flow from our Mexican operations could be reduced . 
 
 In recent years, incidents of security disruptions throughout many regions of Mexico have increased. Drug-related gang activity has grown in Mexico. Certain incidents of violence have occurred in regions in which we operate and have resulted in the interruption of our operations, and these interruptions could increase in the future. To the extent that such security disruptions increase, the levels of revenue and operating cash flow from our Mexican operations could be reduced. 
 
 Our operations in Argentina expose us to the changing economic, legal, and political environment in that country, including changing regulations governing the repatriation of cash generated from our operations in Argentina. 
 
 The current economic, legal, and political environment in Argentina and recent devaluations of the Argentinian peso have created increased instability for foreign investment in Argentina. The Argentinian government is currently attempting to address the current high rate of inflation and the continuing currency devaluation pressure. Fiscal and monetary expansion in Argentina has led to devaluations of the Argentinian peso, particularly in late 2013, early 2014, and late 2015. Additional devaluation may be necessary to help boost the current Argentina economy, and they may be accompanied by fiscal and monetary tightening, including additional restrictions on the transfer of U.S. dollars out of Argentina. 
 
 As a result of our operations in Argentina, consolidated revenues and operating cash flow generated in Argentina have increased over the past three years. As of December 31, 2016 , approximately 2.5 million of our consolidated cash balance is located in bank accounts in Argentina, and the process of repatriating this cash to the U.S. is subject to increasingly complex regulations. There can be no assurances that our growing Argentinian operations will not expose us to the loss of liquidity, foreign exchange losses, and other potential financial impacts. 

15 

Our ability to manage and grow our business effectively and provide quality services to our customers may be adversely affected if our general partner loses its management or is unable to retain trained personnel . 
 
 We rely primarily on the executive officers and other senior management of our general partner, which now includes many of the former executive officers and other senior management of CSI, to manage our operations and make decisions on our behalf. Our ability to provide quality production enhancement services depends upon our general partner s ability to hire, train, and retain an adequate number of trained personnel. The departure of any of our general partner s executive officers or other senior management could have a significant negative effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and our ability to compete effectively in the marketplace. We operate in an industry characterized by highly competitive labor markets, and, similar to many of our competitors, we have experienced high employee turnover in certain regions. It is possible that our labor expenses could increase if there is a shortage in the supply of skilled regional service supervisors and other service professionals. Our general partner may be unable to maintain an adequate skilled labor force necessary for us to operate efficiently and to support our growth strategy. Failure to do so could impair our ability to operate efficiently and to retain current customers and attract prospective customers, which could cause our business to suffer materially. Additionally, increases in labor expenses may have an adverse impact on our operating results and may reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our common unitholders. 
 
 The employees conducting our operations in Mexico and Argentina are party to collective labor agreements, and a prolonged work stoppage of our operations in Mexico or Argentina could adversely impact our revenues, cash flows and net income . 
 
 The personnel conducting our operations in Mexico are currently subject to collective labor agreements. These collective labor agreements consist of evergreen contracts that have no expiration date and whose terms remain in full force and effect from year-to-year, unless the parties agree to negotiate new terms. The employees subject to these evergreen agreements may, however, request a renegotiation of their employee compensation terms on an annual basis or a renegotiation of the entire agreement on a biannual basis, although we are not required to honor any such request. The personnel conducting operations in Argentina are also subject to collective labor agreements. We have not experienced work stoppages in Mexico or Argentina in the past, but cannot guarantee that we will not experience work stoppages in the future. A prolonged work stoppage could adversely impact our revenues, cash flows, and net income. 
 
 TETRA and its affiliates are not limited in their ability to compete with us, which could cause conflicts of interest and limit our ability to acquire additional assets or businesses, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations and cash available for distribution to our common unitholders . 
 
 Neither our partnership agreement nor the Omnibus Agreement between TETRA and us prohibits TETRA and its affiliates from owning assets or engaging in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. TETRA currently provides some services for PEMEX in Mexico in competition with us and could choose to further compete with us for additional services for PEMEX in Mexico. In addition, TETRA and its affiliates may acquire compression-based services businesses or assets in the future, without any obligation to offer us the opportunity to purchase any of that business or those assets. As a result, competition from TETRA could adversely affect our results of operations and cash available for distribution. 
 
 Our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations may result in fluctuations in our cash flows and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations . 
 
 Because we have operations in Mexico, Canada, and Argentina and in certain other foreign countries, a portion of our business is conducted in foreign currencies. As a result, we are exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations that could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. If a foreign currency weakened significantly, we would be required to convert more of that foreign currency to U.S. dollars to satisfy our obligations, which would cause us to have less cash available for distribution. A significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar could result in an increase in our financing expenses and could materially affect our financial results under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles " GAAP"). Because we report our operating results in U.S. dollars, changes in the value of the U.S. dollar also result in fluctuations in our reported revenues and earnings. Most of our billings under the contracts with PEMEX and other clients in Mexico are in U.S. dollars; however, a large portion of our expenses and costs under those contracts are incurred in Mexican pesos. In addition, future contract awards with PEMEX may require us to bill a larger portion of our revenues in Mexican pesos, which would expose us to additional foreign currency exchange rate risks. 
 
 16 

As a result of the above, we are exposed to fluctuations in the values of the Mexican and Argentinian peso against the U.S. dollar. A material increase in the values of these foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar would adversely affect our cash flows and net income. In addition, for our operations in Canada, where the Canadian dollar is the functional currency under GAAP, all U.S. dollar-denominated monetary assets and liabilities, such as cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, restricted cash, accounts payable, long-term debt and capital lease obligations, are revalued and reported based on the prevailing exchange rate at the end of the reporting period. This revaluation may cause us to report significant foreign currency exchange gains and losses in certain periods. 
 Further changes in the economic environment could result in further significant impairments of certain of our long-lived assets. 
 
 Throughout 2016 , and particularly during the first half of the year, lower oil and natural gas commodity prices have resulted in a decreased demand for certain of our products and services. Specifically, demand for low-horsepower wellhead compression services and for sales of compressor equipment have decreased significantly and are expected to continue to be decreased for the foreseeable future. This decrease in commodity prices has had, and is expected to continue to have, a negative impact on oil and gas drilling and capital expenditure activity, which affects the demand for a portion of our products and services. During 2016 , primarily as a result of the significant decreases in oil and natural gas prices, we recorded certain consolidated long-lived asset impairments of approximately 10.2 million . Further changes in the economic environment could result in decreased demand for our products and services, which could impact the expected utilization rates of our compressor package fleet. Under generally accepted accounting principles, we review the carrying value of our long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable, based on their expected future cash flows. The impact of reduced expected future cash flow could require the write-down of all or a portion of the carrying value for these assets, which would result in additional impairments, resulting in decreased earnings. 
 
 Anticipated benefits from our system software development project currently in progress may not be fully realizable and may prove more costly than planned. 
 
 During 2016, we initiated a system software development project designed to improve operating and administrative efficiencies and allow us to further reduce costs beginning in 2017. This software development project is intended to align the administrative and operations systems of our entire organization and is designed to integrate the operations of CSI with our existing system environment. As of December 31, 2016, the cost for this system software development project incurred was approximately 6.6 million and total cost is expected to be 12.7 million, a portion of which may extend into 2018. There is a risk that this software development project will not accomplish all of its desired efficiencies due to software limitations, operational complexities, cost and timing constraints, and other factors. In addition, there is a risk that the total cost of the software development project may exceed our estimates, resulting in additional use of cash resources. 
 
 We are exposed to significant credit risks. 
 
 We face credit risk associated with the significant amounts of accounts receivable we have with our customers in the energy industry. Many of our customers, particularly those associated with our low-horsepower compression service operations, are small- to medium-sized oil and gas operators that may be more susceptible to fluctuating oil and gas commodity prices or generally increased operating expenses than larger companies. Our customers' ability to pay is impacted by the current decreased oil and natural gas price environment. 
 
 We are subject to environmental regulations, and changes in these regulations could increase our costs or liabilities . 
 
 We are subject to federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulatory standards, including laws and regulations regarding the discharge of materials into the environment, emission controls, and other environmental protection and occupational health and safety concerns. Environmental laws and regulations may, in certain circumstances, impose strict and joint and several liability for environmental contamination, rendering us liable for remediation costs, natural resource damages, and other damages resulting from our ownership of property or conduct that was lawful at the time it occurred or the conduct of, or conditions caused by, prior owners or operators or other third parties. In addition, where contamination may be present, it is not uncommon for neighboring 
 
 17 

landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury, property damage, and recovery of response costs. Remediation costs and other damages arising as a result of environmental laws and regulations, and costs associated with new information, changes in existing environmental laws and regulations or the adoption of new environmental laws and regulations could be substantial and could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Moreover, failure to comply with these environmental laws and regulations may result in the imposition of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, and the issuance of injunctions delaying or prohibiting operations. 
 
 The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA is performing a study of the environmental impact of hydraulic fracturing, a process used by the oil and natural gas industry in the development of certain oil and natural gas reservoirs. Specifically, the EPA is reviewing the impact of hydraulic fracturing on drinking water resources and has published proposed guidance for the permitting of hydraulic fracturing using diesel fuels. Certain environmental and other groups have suggested that additional federal, state and local laws and regulations may be needed to more closely regulate the hydraulic fracturing process. We cannot predict whether any federal, state, or local laws or regulations will be enacted regarding hydraulic fracturing, and, if so, what actions any such laws or regulations would require or prohibit. If additional levels of regulation or permitting requirements were imposed on oil and natural gas operators through the adoption of new laws and regulations, the domestic demand for our services in areas in shale reservoir markets could be decreased. 
 
 We routinely deal with natural gas, oil, and other petroleum products. Hydrocarbons or other hazardous wastes may have been released during our operations or by third parties on wellhead sites where we provide services or store our equipment or on or under other locations where wastes have been taken for disposal. These properties may be subject to investigatory, remediation, and monitoring requirements under foreign, federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations. 
 
 The EPA has adopted regulations under the Clean Air Act to control emissions of hazardous air pollutants from reciprocal internal combustion engines and more recently the EPA adopted regulations that establish air emission controls for natural gas and natural gas liquids production, processing and transportation activities, including New Source Performance Standards as well as emission standards to address hazardous air pollutants. Certain CSI compressors are subject to these new requirements and additional control equipment and maintenance operations are required. While we do not believe that compliance with current regulatory requirements will have a material adverse effect on the business, additional regulations could impose new air permitting or pollution control requirements on our equipment that could require us to incur material costs. 
 
 The modification or interpretation of existing environmental laws or regulations, the more vigorous enforcement of existing environmental laws or regulations, or the adoption of new environmental laws or regulations may also adversely affect oil and natural gas exploration and production, which in turn could have an adverse effect on us. 
 
 Climate change legislation or regulations restricting emissions of greenhouse gases could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the oil and natural gas our customers produce, while the physical effects of climate change could disrupt production and cause us to incur costs in preparing for or responding to those effects . 
 
 The EPA has determined that greenhouse gases ("GHGs") present an endangerment to public health and the environment, because emissions of such gases are, according to the EPA, contributing to warming of the earth s atmosphere and other climatic changes. These findings allow the EPA to adopt and implement regulations that would restrict emissions of GHGs under existing provisions of the federal Clean Air Act ("CAA"). Based on these findings, the EPA has begun adopting and implementing regulations to restrict emissions of GHGs under existing provisions of the CAA. The EPA rules regulate GHG emissions under the CAA and require a reduction in emissions of GHGs from motor vehicles and from certain large stationary sources as well as requiring so-called green completions at hydraulically fractured natural gas wells beginning in 2015. The EPA also requires the annual reporting of GHG emissions from specified large GHG emission sources in the United States, including petroleum refineries, as well as from certain oil and gas production facilities. 
 
 The adoption and implementation of any regulations imposing reporting obligations on, or limiting emissions of GHGs from, our facilities and operations could require us to incur costs. Further, Congress has considered and almost one-half of the states have adopted legislation that seeks to control or reduce emissions of GHGs from a wide range of sources. Any such legislation could adversely affect demand for the oil and natural gas our customers 
 
 18 

produce and, in turn, demand for our products and services. Finally, it should be noted that some scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, and other climatic events; if any such effects were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our operations and cause us to incur costs in preparing for or responding to those effects. 
 
 We do not insure against all potential losses and could be seriously harmed by unexpected liabilities . 
 
 Our assets and operations are subject to inherent risks such as vehicle accidents, equipment defects, malfunctions and failures, as well as other incidents that result in releases or uncontrolled flows of gas or well fluids, fires, or explosions. These risks could expose us to substantial liability for personal injury, death, property damage, pollution, and other environmental damages. We do not insure all of our assets and the insurance we do obtain may be inadequate to cover our liabilities. Further, insurance covering the risks we face or in the amounts we desire may not be available in the future, or, if available, the premiums may not be commercially justifiable. If we were to incur substantial liability and such damages were not covered by insurance or were in excess of policy limits, or if we were to incur liability at a time when we did not maintain liability insurance, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, we do not maintain business interruption insurance. Please read Health, Safety, and Environmental Affairs Regulations for a description of how we are subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to protection of human health and environment. 
 
 We disclosed a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, and if we have other material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 As disclosed in Item 9A of this Annual Report, as of December 31, 2015, management identified certain deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting relating to accounting for the recognition of aftermarket services revenues. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, that result in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Although this material weakness was remediated during 2016, a future material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could adversely impact our ability to provide timely and accurate information. If additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control occur in the future, we may not be able to timely or accurately report our results of operations or maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures. If we are unable to report financial information timely or accurately, or to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures, we could be subject to, among other things, regulatory or enforcement actions, securities litigation, debt rating agency downgrades or rating withdrawals, any one of which could adversely affect the valuation of our common units and our business prospects. 
 
 Our operations and reputation may be impaired if certain information technology systems fail to perform adequately or if we are the subject of a data breach or cyberattack. 
 
 The information technology systems of our general partner and TETRA are critically important to operating our business efficiently. We rely on these information technology systems to manage business data, communications, supply chain, customer invoicing, employee information, and other business processes. Our general partner outsources certain business process functions to TETRA and third-party providers and similarly relies on TETRA and these third-parties to maintain and store confidential information on their systems. The failure of these information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, and the loss of sales and customers, causing our business and results of operations to suffer. 
 
 Furthermore, these information technology systems may be vulnerable to security breaches beyond our control, including those involving cyberattacks using viruses, worms or other destructive software, process breakdowns, phishing or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing. Such breaches could result in unauthorized access to information including customer, supplier, employee, or other company confidential data. We do not carry insurance against these risks, although our general partner invests in security technology, performs penetration tests from time to time, and designs our business processes to attempt to mitigate the risk of such breaches. While we believe these measures are generally effective, there can be no assurance that security breaches will not occur. Moreover, the development and maintenance of these measures requires continuous monitoring as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures evolve. We have experienced, and 
 
 19 

expect to continue to experience, cybersecurity threats and incidents, none of which has been material to us to date. However, a successful breach or attack could have a material negative impact on our operations or business reputation and subject us to consequences such as litigation and direct costs associated with incident response. 
 
 Risks Inherent in an Investment in Us 

The Series A Convertible Preferred Units issued in August 2016 and September 2016 are senior in right of distributions, liquidation and voting to the common units, and will result in the issuance of additional partnership common units in the future, resulting in dilution of our existing common unitholders ownership interests, and such dilution is potentially unlimited. 
 
 Our partnership agreement does not limit the number of additional partnership common units that we may issue at any time without the approval of our common unitholders. In addition, subject to the provisions of the Series A Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement, we may issue an unlimited number of partnership units that are senior to the common units in right of distribution, liquidation, or voting. On August 8, 2016 , we issued an aggregate of 4,374,454 of the Preferred Units for a cash purchase price of 11.43 per Preferred Unit (the Issue Price ), resulting in total net proceeds, after deducting certain offering expenses, of 49.8 million . Additionally, on September 20, 2016 , we issued an aggregate of 2,624,672 of Preferred Units for a cash purchase price of 11.43 per Preferred Unit, resulting in total net proceeds, after deducting certain offering expenses, of 29.0 million . 
 
 Pursuant to the Series A Convertible Unit Purchase Agreement on August 8, 2016 , our general partner executed the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership (the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement to, among other things, authorize and establish the rights and preferences of the Preferred Units. The Preferred Units are a new class of equity security that ranks senior to all classes or series of our equity securities with respect to distribution rights and rights upon liquidation. The holders of Preferred Units (each, a Preferred Unitholder will receive quarterly distributions in kind in additional Preferred Units, equal to an annual rate of 11.00 of the Issue Price 1.2573 per unit annualized), subject to certain adjustments, including adjustments related to any future issuances of common units below a set price, and any quarterly distributions on our common units in excess of 0.3775 per common unit. In the event we fail to pay in full any quarterly distribution in additional Preferred Units, then until such failure is cured we are prohibited from making any distributions on our common units. Beginning on March 8, 2017 and on the first Trading Day (as defined in the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement) of each calendar month thereafter for a total of thirty months (each, a Conversion Date ), the Preferred Units will convert into common units representing limited partner interests in the partnership in an amount equal to, with respect to each Preferred Unitholder, the number of Preferred Units held by such Preferred Unitholder divided by the number of Conversion Dates remaining. We may, at our option, pay cash, or a combination of cash and common units, to the Preferred Unitholders instead of issuing common units on any Conversion Date, subject to certain restrictions as described in the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement and the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The issuance by us of the Preferred Units will have the following effects: 
 
 our previously existing common unitholders proportionate ownership interests in us will decrease; 
 
 the amount of cash available for distribution on each common unit may decrease; 
 
 the relative voting power of our previously existing common unitholders will be diminished; and 
 
 the market price of the common units may decline. 
 
 Our partnership agreement requires us to distribute all of the available cash that we generate each quarter after paying expenses and establishing prudent operating reserves, which could limit our ability to grow. 
 
 Our partnership agreement requires us to distribute all of the available cash we generate each quarter. Under the terms of our partnership agreement, the amount of cash otherwise available for distribution will be reduced by our operating expenses and the amount of cash reserves that our general partner establishes to provide for future operations, future capital expenditures, future debt service requirements and future cash distributions to our common unitholders. As a result, our general partner relies primarily upon external financing sources, including commercial bank borrowings and the issuance of debt and equity securities, as well as cash flows from operations to a certain extent, to fund our expansion capital expenditures. To the extent that we are unable to finance growth externally, this requirement significantly impairs our ability to grow. In addition, also as a result of this requirement, our growth may not be as fast as that of businesses that reinvest their available cash to expand ongoing operations. 
 
 20 

To the extent that we issue additional units in connection with any expansion capital expenditures, the payment of distributions on those additional units will decrease the amount we distribute on each outstanding unit. 
 
 On January 20, 2017 , our General Partner declared a cash distribution attributable to the quarter ended December 31, 2016 of 0.3775 per common unit. This distribution equates to a distribution of 1.51 per outstanding common unit, on an annualized basis. This cash distribution was paid on February 14, 2017 to all common unitholders of record as of the close of business on February 1, 2017 . The amount of quarterly distributions is determined based on a variety of factors, including our estimates of cash needs to fund our future operating, investing, and debt service requirements. Our estimates of these future cash requirements are used in the determination of available cash, as defined in our Partnership Agreement. During the current period of low oil and natural gas pricing, we will continue to monitor the uncertain levels of cash flows from operating activities and the levels of cash flows from investing activities necessary to maintain our equipment fleet, and use these estimates in the determination of the levels of our future quarterly distributions. During the current period of low oil and natural gas pricing, there can be no assurance that our quarterly distributions will increase from this reduced amount per common unit, or that there will not be further decreases in the amount of distributions in the future. 
 
 TETRA controls our general partner, which has sole responsibility for conducting our business and managing our operations, and thereby controls us. TETRA has conflicts of interest, which may permit it to favor its own interests to our unitholders detriment. 
 
 TETRA controls our general partner, and through the general partner controls us. Some of our general partner s directors are directors of TETRA or its affiliates that own our general partner. Therefore, conflicts of interest may arise between TETRA and its affiliates, including our general partner, on the one hand, and us and our common unitholders, on the other hand. In resolving these conflicts of interest, our general partner may favor its own interests and the interests of TETRA and its affiliates over the interests of our common unitholders. These conflicts include, among others, the following situations: 
 
 neither our partnership agreement nor any other agreement requires TETRA to pursue a business strategy that favors us. The directors and officers of TETRA and its affiliates have a fiduciary duty to make these decisions in the best interests of TETRA, which may be contrary to our interests; 
 
 our general partner controls the interpretation and enforcement of contractual obligations between us and our affiliates, on the one hand, and TETRA, on the other hand, including provisions governing administrative services, acquisitions, and non-competition provisions; 
 
 our general partner is allowed to take into account the interests of parties other than us, including TETRA and its affiliates, in resolving conflicts of interest; 
 
 our general partner has limited its liability and reduced its fiduciary duties to our common unitholders and us, and has also restricted the remedies available to our common unitholders for actions that, without the limitations, might constitute breaches of fiduciary duty; 
 
 our general partner will determine the amount and timing of asset purchases and sales, capital expenditures, borrowings, repayment of indebtedness, and issuances of additional partnership interests, each of which can affect the amount of cash that is available for distribution to our common unitholders; 
 
 our general partner determines the amount and timing of any capital expenditures and whether a capital expenditure is a maintenance capital expenditure, which reduces operating surplus, or an expansion capital expenditure, which does not reduce operating surplus, and this determination can affect the amount of cash that is distributed to our common unitholders; 
 
 our general partner may cause us to borrow funds in order to permit the payment of cash distributions, even if the purpose or effect of the borrowing is to make incentive distributions; 
 
 our partnership agreement permits us to distribute up to 15 million as operating surplus, even if it is generated from asset sales, non-working capital borrowings, or other sources that would otherwise constitute capital surplus. This cash may be used to fund distributions on the incentive distribution rights; 
 
 our general partner determines which costs incurred by it and its affiliates are reimbursable by us and TETRA will determine the allocation of shared overhead expenses; 
 
 our partnership agreement does not restrict our general partner from causing us to pay it or its affiliates for any services rendered to us or entering into additional contractual arrangements with any of these entities on our behalf; 
 
 our general partner intends to limit its liability regarding our contractual and other obligations and, in some circumstances, is entitled to be indemnified by us; 
 
 21 

our general partner decides whether to retain separate counsel, accountants, or others to perform services for us; and 
 
 our general partner may elect to cause us to issue common units to it in connection with a resetting of the target distribution levels related to our general partner s incentive distribution rights without the approval of the conflicts committee of the board of directors of our general partner or the common unitholders. This election may result in lower distributions to the common unitholders in certain situations. 
 
 Our reliance on TETRA for certain general and administrative support services and our limited ability to control certain costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and ability to make cash distributions to our unitholders. Cost reimbursements due to our general partner and its affiliates for services provided, which will be determined by our general partner, will be substantial and will reduce our cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 
 Pursuant to an Omnibus Agreement entered into between TETRA, our general partner and us, TETRA provides to us certain general and administrative services, including, without limitation, legal, accounting, treasury, insurance administration and claims processing and risk management, health, safety and environmental, information technology, human resources, credit, payroll, internal audit and tax services. Our ability to execute our growth strategy depends significantly upon TETRA s performance of these services. Our reliance on TETRA could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and ability to make cash distributions to our unitholders. Additionally, TETRA will receive reimbursement for the provision of various general and administrative services for our benefit. Our general partner is also entitled to significant reimbursement for certain expenses it incurs on our behalf, including reimbursement for a portion of the cost of its employees who perform services for us. Payments for these services are substantial and reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our common unitholders. In addition, under Delaware partnership law, our general partner has unlimited liability for our obligations, such as our debts and environmental liabilities, except for our contractual obligations that are expressly made without recourse to our general partner. To the extent our general partner incurs obligations on our behalf, we are obligated to reimburse or indemnify it. If we are unable or unwilling to reimburse or indemnify our general partner, our general partner may take actions to cause us to make payments of these obligations and liabilities. Any such payments could reduce the amount of cash otherwise available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 
 Our partnership agreement limits our general partner s fiduciary duties to our common unitholders and restricts the remedies available to our common unitholders for actions taken by our general partner that might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duty. 
 
 Our partnership agreement contains provisions that reduce the fiduciary standards to which our general partner would otherwise be held by state fiduciary duty laws. For example, our partnership agreement: 
 
 permits our general partner to make a number of decisions in its individual capacity, as opposed to in its capacity as our general partner. This entitles our general partner to consider only the interests and factors that it desires, and it has no duty or obligation to consider any interest of, or factors affecting, us, our affiliates or any limited partner. Examples include the exercise of its limited call right, the exercise of its rights to transfer or vote the partnership units it owns, the exercise of its registration rights and its determination whether or not to consent to any merger or consolidation of the partnership or amendment to the partnership agreement; 
 
 provides that our general partner will not have any liability to us or our common unitholders for decisions made in its capacity as a general partner so long as it acted in good faith, meaning it believed the decision was in the best interests of our partnership; 
 
 generally provides that affiliated transactions and resolutions of conflicts of interest not approved by the conflicts committee of the board of directors of our general partner acting in good faith and not involving a vote of our common unitholders must be on terms no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties or must be fair and reasonable to us, as determined by our general partner in good faith and that, in determining whether a transaction or resolution is fair and reasonable, our general partner may consider the totality of the relationships between the parties involved, including other transactions that may be particularly advantageous or beneficial to us; 
 
 provides that our general partner and its executive officers and directors will not be liable for monetary damages to us, our limited partners or assignees for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that our general 
 
 22 

partner or those other persons acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct or, in the case of a criminal matter, acted with knowledge that the conduct was criminal; and 
 
 provides that in resolving conflicts of interest, it will be presumed that in making its decision our general partner acted in good faith, and in any proceeding brought by or on behalf of any limited partner or us, the person bringing or prosecuting such proceeding will have the burden of overcoming such presumption. 

Our general partner may elect to cause us to issue common units to it in connection with a resetting of the target distribution levels related to its incentive distribution rights, without the approval of the conflicts committee of its board of directors or our common unitholders. This could result in lower distributions to our common unitholders. 
 
 Our general partner has the right, at any time when it has received incentive distributions at the highest level to which it is entitled (48.0 for each of the prior four consecutive fiscal quarters, to reset the initial target distribution levels at higher levels based on our distributions at the time of the exercise of the reset election. Following a reset election by our general partner, the minimum quarterly distribution will be adjusted to equal the reset minimum quarterly distribution, and the target distribution levels will be reset to correspondingly higher levels based on percentage increases above the reset minimum quarterly distribution. If our general partner elects to reset the target distribution levels, it will be entitled to receive a number of common units and will retain its then-current general partner interest. The number of common units to be issued to our general partner will equal the number of common units that would have entitled the holder to an average aggregate quarterly cash distribution in the prior two quarters equal to the average of the distributions to our general partner on the incentive distribution rights in the prior two quarters. We anticipate that our general partner would exercise this reset right in order to facilitate acquisitions or internal growth projects that would not be sufficiently accretive to cash distributions per common unit without such reset. It is possible, however, that our general partner could exercise this reset election at a time when it is experiencing, or expects to experience, declines in the cash distributions it receives related to its incentive distribution rights and may, therefore, desire to be issued common units rather than retain the right to receive incentive distributions based on the initial target distribution levels. As a result, a reset election may cause our common unitholders to experience a reduction in the amount of cash distributions that our common unitholders would have otherwise received had we not issued new common units to our general partner in connection with resetting the target distribution levels. 
 
 Our common unitholders have limited voting rights and are not entitled to elect our general partner or its directors. 
 
 Unlike the holders of common stock in a corporation, our unitholders have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business and, therefore, limited ability to influence management s decisions regarding our business. Unitholders will have no right to elect our general partner or its board of directors. The board of directors of our general partner will be chosen indirectly by TETRA through its subsidiary that is the sole shareholder of our general partner. Furthermore, if our unitholders are dissatisfied with the performance of our general partner, they will have little ability to remove our general partner. Due to these limitations, the price at which the common units will trade could be diminished because of the absence or reduction of a takeover premium in the trading price. 
 
 Even if our common unitholders are dissatisfied, they cannot remove our general partner without its consent. 
 
 Our common unitholders are currently unable to remove our general partner without its consent because our general partner and its affiliates own sufficient units to prevent its removal. The vote of the holders of at least 66.7 of all outstanding common units is required to remove our general partner. As of February 28, 2017 , our general partner and its affiliates, owns 42.6 of our aggregate outstanding common units. 
 
 We can issue an unlimited number of partnership units in the future, including units that are senior in right of distributions, liquidation and voting to the common units, without the approval of our common unitholders, and our general partner may elect to cause us to issue common units to it in connection with a resetting of the target distribution levels related to its incentive distribution rights, without the approval of the conflicts committee of its board of directors or our common unitholders, each of which would dilute our common unitholders existing ownership interests. 
 
 Our partnership agreement does not limit the number of additional partnership units that we may issue at any time without the approval of our common unitholders. In addition, we may issue an unlimited number of 
 
 23 

partnership units that are senior to the common units in right of distribution, liquidation, or voting. Our general partner also has the right, at any time when it has received incentive distributions at the highest level to which it is entitled (48.0 for each of the prior four consecutive fiscal quarters, to reset the initial target distribution levels at higher levels based on our distributions at the time of the exercise of the reset election. If our general partner elects to reset the target distribution levels, it will be entitled to receive a number of common units and will retain its then-current general partner interest. 
 
 The issuance by us of additional common units or other equity securities of equal or senior rank will have the following effects: 
 
 our previously existing common unitholders proportionate ownership interests in us will decrease; 
 
 the amount of cash available for distribution on each common unit may decrease; 
 
 the ratio of taxable income to distributions may increase; 
 
 the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding common unitholders may be diminished; and 
 
 the market price of the common units may decline. 
 
 Control of our general partner may be transferred to a third party without common unitholder consent. 
 
 Our general partner may transfer its general partner interest to a third party in a merger or in a sale of all or substantially all of its assets without the consent of our unitholders. Furthermore, our partnership agreement does not restrict the ability of TETRA or its subsidiaries from transferring all or a portion of its indirect ownership interest in our general partner to a third party. The new owners of our general partner would then be in a position to replace the board of directors and executive officers of our general partner with its own choices and thereby influence the decisions taken by the board of directors and executive officers. 

Our partnership agreement restricts the voting rights of unitholders owning 20 or more of our common units, other than our general partner and its affiliates, including TETRA. Accordingly, such unitholders voting rights may be limited. 
 
 Unitholders voting rights are further restricted by the partnership agreement provision providing that any partnership units held by a person that owns 20 or more of any class of partnership units then outstanding, other than our general partner, its affiliates, including TETRA, its transferees and persons who acquired such partnership units with the prior approval of the board of directors of our general partner, cannot vote on any matter. Our partnership agreement also contains provisions limiting the ability of our common unitholders to call meetings or to acquire information about our operations, as well as other provisions. 
 
 Our general partner has a limited call right that may require our unitholders to sell common units at an undesirable time or price. 
 
 If at any time our general partner and its affiliates own more than 90 of the common units, our general partner will have the right, but not the obligation, which it may assign to any of its affiliates or to us, to acquire all, but not less than all, of the common units held by unaffiliated persons at a price not less than the then-current market price. As a result, our unitholders may be required to sell common units at an undesirable time or price and may not receive any return on their investment. Our unitholders may also incur a tax liability upon a sale of common units. As of February 28, 2017 , our general partner and its affiliates own an aggregate of 42.6 of our common units. 

Our common unitholders liability may not be limited if a court finds that common unitholder action constitutes control of our business. 
 
 A general partner of a partnership generally has unlimited liability for the obligations of the partnership, except for those contractual obligations of the partnership that are expressly made without recourse to our general partner. Our partnership is organized under Delaware law, and we conduct business in a number of other states. The limitations on the liability of holders of limited partner interests for the obligations of a limited partnership have not been clearly established in some of the other states in which we do business. Our common unitholders could be liable for any and all of our obligations as if they were a general partner if: 
 
 a court or government agency determined that we were conducting business in a state but had not complied with that particular state s partnership statute; or 
 
 24 

our common unitholders right to act with other unitholders to remove or replace our general partner, to approve some amendments to our partnership agreement, or to take other actions under our partnership agreement constitutes control of our business. 

Our common unitholders may have liability to repay distributions that were wrongfully distributed to them. 
 
 Under certain circumstances, our common unitholders may have to repay amounts wrongfully returned or distributed to them. Under Section 17-607 of the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, we may not make a distribution to our common unitholders if the distribution would cause our liabilities to exceed the fair value of our assets. Delaware law provides that for a period of three years from the date of the impermissible distribution, limited partners who received the distribution and who knew at the time of the distribution that it violated Delaware law will be liable to the limited partnership for the distribution amount. Substituted limited partners are liable for the obligations of the assignor to make contributions to the partnership that are known to the substituted limited partner at the time it became a limited partner and for unknown obligations if the liabilities could be determined from the partnership agreement. Liabilities to partners because of their partnership interest and liabilities that are non-recourse to the partnership are not counted for purposes of determining whether a distribution is permitted. 
 
 While our partnership agreement requires us to distribute all of our available cash, our partnership agreement, including provisions requiring us to make cash distributions contained therein, may be amended. 
 
 While our partnership agreement requires us to distribute all of our available cash, our partnership agreement, including provisions requiring us to make cash distributions contained therein, may be amended. Our partnership agreement can be amended with the consent of our general partner and the approval of a majority of the outstanding common units (including common units held by affiliates of TETRA). As of February 28, 2017 , our general partner and its affiliates own an aggregate of 42.6 of our common units. 

We are exempt from certain corporate governance requirements that provide additional protection to stockholders of other public companies. 
 
 Companies listed on the NASDAQ are required to meet the high standards of corporate governance, as set forth in the NASDAQ Listing Rules. These requirements generally do not apply to limited partnerships or to a controlled company, within the meaning of the NASDAQ rules. We are a limited partnership and a controlled company, within the meaning of the NASDAQ rules, and, as a result, we rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that provide protection to stockholders of other public companies. 
 
 Tax Risks to Common Unitholders 
 
 Our tax treatment depends on our status as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the IRS were to treat us as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then our cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be substantially reduced. 
 
 The anticipated after-tax economic benefit of an investment in the common units depends largely on our being treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Despite the fact that we are a limited partnership under Delaware law, we will be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless we satisfy a "qualifying income" requirement. Based upon our current operations, we believe that we satisfy the qualifying income requirement. Failing to meet the qualifying income requirement or a change in current law could cause us to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise subject us to taxation as an entity. 

If we were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would pay U.S. federal income tax on all of our taxable income at the corporate tax rate, which is currently a maximum of 35 , and would likely pay additional state and local income tax at varying rates. Distributions to our unitholders would generally be taxed again as corporate distributions, and no income, gains, losses, deductions or credits would flow through to our unitholders. Because a tax would be imposed upon us as a corporation, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be substantially reduced. Therefore, treatment of us as a corporation would result in a material reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to our unitholders, likely causing a substantial reduction in the value of our common units. 

25 

We have subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes and are subject to corporate-level income taxes. 
 
 We conduct a portion of our operations through subsidiaries that are organized as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including our CSI subsidiary. We may elect to conduct additional operations through these corporate subsidiaries in the future. These corporate subsidiaries are subject to U.S. corporate-level tax, which reduces the cash available for distribution to us and, in turn, to our unitholders. If the IRS were to successfully assert that these corporations have more tax liability than we anticipate or legislation were enacted that increased the corporate tax rate, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be further reduced. Distributions from any such corporate subsidiary will generally be treated as dividend income to the extent of the current and accumulated earnings and profits of such corporate subsidiary. An individual unitholder's share of dividend income from any corporate subsidiary would constitute portfolio income that could not be offset by the unitholder's share of our other losses or deductions. 
 
 The tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or an investment in our common units could be subject to potential legislative, judicial, or administrative changes and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. 
 
 The present U.S. federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including us, or an investment in our common units may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial interpretation at any time. For example, from time to time the U.S. President and members of the U.S. Congress propose and consider substantive changes to the existing federal income tax laws that would affect publicly traded partnerships. Any modification to the U.S. federal income tax laws may be applied retroactively and could make it more difficult or impossible to meet the exception for certain publicly traded partnerships to be treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We are unable to predict whether any of these changes or other proposals will ultimately be enacted, including as a result of fundamental tax reform. Any such changes could negatively impact the value of an investment in our common units and the amount of cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 
 In addition, final Treasury Regulations under Section 7704(d)(1)(E) of the Code recently published in the Federal Register interpret the scope of the qualifying income requirement for publicly traded partnerships by providing industry-specific guidance. We do not believe the final Treasury Regulations affect our ability to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 If we were subjected to a material amount of additional entity-level taxation by individual states, it would reduce our cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 
 Changes in current state law may subject us to additional entity-level taxation by individual states. Because of state budget deficits and other reasons, several states have been evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity-level taxation through the imposition of state income, franchise, and other forms of taxation. For example, we are subject to an entity-level Texas franchise tax. Imposition of any such taxes may substantially reduce the cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 
 Our partnership agreement provides that if a law is enacted or existing law is modified or interpreted in a manner that subjects us to additional amounts of entity-level taxation, for U.S. federal, state, or local tax purposes, the minimum quarterly distribution amount and the target distribution amounts may be adjusted to reflect the impact of that law on us. 
 
 Although we are not subject to U.S. federal income tax other than with respect to our operating U.S. subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes, certain of our foreign operations are subject to certain non-U.S. taxes. If a taxing authority were to successfully assert that we have more tax liability than we anticipate or legislation were enacted that increased the taxes to which we are subject, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders could be further reduced. 
 
 Approximately 13.0 of our consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2016 , was generated in non-U.S. jurisdictions, primarily Mexico, Canada, and Argentina. Our non-U.S. operations and subsidiaries are generally subject to income, withholding, and other taxes in the non-U.S. jurisdictions in which they are organized or from which they receive income, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution. In computing our tax obligation in these non-U.S. jurisdictions, we are required to take various tax accounting and reporting positions on matters that are not entirely free from doubt and for which we have not received rulings from the governing tax authorities, such as whether withholding taxes will be reduced by the application of certain tax treaties. Upon review 
 
 26 

of these positions the applicable authorities may not agree with our positions. A successful challenge by a tax authority could result in additional taxes being imposed on us, reducing the cash available for distribution to our unitholders. In addition, changes in our operations or ownership could result in higher than anticipated taxes being imposed in jurisdictions in which we are organized or from which we receive income and further reducing the cash available for distribution. Although these taxes may be properly characterized as foreign income taxes, our unitholders may not be able to credit them against the liability for U.S. federal income taxes on the unitholders share of our earnings. In addition, our operations in countries in which we operate now or in the future may involve risks associated with the legal structure used and the taxation on assets transferred into a particular country. Tax laws of non-U.S. jurisdictions are subject to potential legislative, judicial, or administrative changes and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. Any such changes may result in additional taxes above the amounts we currently anticipate and further reduce our cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 
 If the IRS contests the U.S. federal income tax positions we take, the market for our common units may be adversely impacted, and the cost of any IRS contest will reduce our cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 
 The IRS may adopt positions that differ from the positions we take, and the IRS s positions may ultimately be sustained. It may be necessary to resort to administrative or court proceedings to sustain some or all of the positions we take. A court may not agree with some or all of the positions we take. Any contest with the IRS may materially and adversely impact the market for our common units and the price at which they trade. In addition, our costs of any contest with the IRS will be borne indirectly by our unitholders and our general partner, because the costs will reduce our cash available for distribution. 
 
 Legislation applicable to partnership tax years beginning after 2017 alters the procedures for auditing large partnerships and for assessing and collecting taxes due (including penalties and interest) as a result of a partnership-level federal income tax audit. Under these new rules, unless we are eligible to (and do) elect to issue revised Schedules K-1 to our partners with respect to an audited and adjusted partnership tax return, the IRS may assess and collect taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) directly from us in the year in which the audit is completed. If we are required to pay taxes, penalties and interest as a result of audit adjustments, cash available for distribution to our unitholders may be substantially reduced. In addition, because payment would be due for the taxable year in which the audit is completed, unitholders during that taxable year would bear the expense of the adjustment even if they were not unitholders during the audited tax year. 
 
 Unitholders share of our income will be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, even if they do not receive any cash distributions from us. 
 
 Because our unitholders will be treated as partners to whom we will allocate taxable income that could be different in amount than the cash we distribute, a unitholder s allocable share of our taxable income will be taxable to the unitholder, which may require the payment of U.S. federal income taxes, and, in some cases, state and local income taxes on the unitholder s share of our taxable income, even if the unitholder receives no cash distributions from us. Unitholders may not receive cash distributions from us equal to their share of our taxable income or even equal to the actual tax liability that results from that income. 
 
 Tax gain or loss on the disposition of our common units could be more or less than expected. 
 
 If our unitholders sell common units, they will recognize a gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the difference between the amount realized and their tax basis in those common units. Because distributions in excess of their allocable share of our net taxable income decrease their tax basis in that common unit, the amount, if any, of such prior excess distributions with respect to the units our unitholders sell will, in effect, become taxable income to our unitholders if they sell such units at a price greater than their tax basis in those units, even if the price they receive is less than their original cost. Furthermore, a substantial portion of the amount realized, whether or not representing gain, may be taxed as ordinary income due to potential recapture items, including depreciation recapture. In addition, because the amount realized includes a unitholder s share of our nonrecourse liabilities, if our unitholders sell their units, they may incur a tax liability in excess of the amount of cash the unitholders receive from the sale. 

27 

Tax-exempt entities and non-U.S. persons face unique tax issues from owning our common units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them. 
 
 Investment in common units by tax-exempt entities, such as employee benefit plans and individual retirement accounts (known as IRAs), and non-U.S. persons raises issues unique to them. For example, virtually all of our income allocated to organizations that are exempt from U.S. federal income tax, including IRAs and other retirement plans, will be unrelated business taxable income and will be taxable to them. Distributions to non-U.S. persons will be reduced by withholding taxes at the highest applicable effective tax rate, and non-U.S. persons will be required to file U.S. federal income tax returns and pay tax on their share of our taxable income. If a unitholder is a tax-exempt entity or a non-U.S. person, the unitholder should consult a tax advisor before investing in our common units. 
 
 We will treat each purchaser of our common units as having the same tax benefits without regard to the actual common units purchased. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of the common units. 
 
 Due to a number of factors, including our inability to match transferors and transferees of common units, we have adopted depreciation and amortization positions that may not conform to all aspects of existing Treasury Regulations. A successful IRS challenge to those positions could adversely affect the amount of tax benefits available to our unitholders. It also could affect the timing of these tax benefits or the amount of gain from the sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of our common units or result in audit adjustments to our unitholders tax returns. 

We prorate our items of income, gain, loss, and deduction for U.S. federal income tax purposes between transferors and transferees of our units each month based upon the ownership of our units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular unit is transferred. The IRS may challenge aspects of our proration method and could change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss, and deduction among our unitholders. 
 
 We prorate our items of income, gain, loss, and deduction for U.S. federal income tax purposes between transferors and transferees of our units each month based upon the ownership of our units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular unit is transferred. Although final Treasury Regulations allow publicly traded partnerships to use a similar monthly simplifying convention to allocate tax items among transferor and transferee unitholders, these regulations do not specifically authorize all aspects of the proration method we have adopted. If the IRS were to successfully challenge our proration method, we may be required to change our allocation of items of income, gain, loss, and deduction among our unitholders. 
 
 A unitholder whose units are loaned to a short seller to cover a short sale of units may be considered as having disposed of those units. If so, the unitholder would no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those units during the period of the loan and may recognize gain or loss from the disposition. 
 
 Because a unitholder whose units are loaned to a short seller to cover a short sale of units may be considered as having disposed of the loaned units, the unitholder may no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those units during the period of the loan to the short seller, and the unitholder may recognize gain or loss from such disposition. Moreover, during the period of the loan to the short seller, any of our income, gain, loss, or deduction with respect to those units may not be reportable by the unitholder, and any cash distributions received by the unitholder as to those units could be fully taxable as ordinary income. Unitholders desiring to assure their status as partners and avoid the risk of gain recognition from a loan to a short seller are urged to consult a tax advisor to discuss whether it is advisable to modify any applicable brokerage account agreements to prohibit their brokers from borrowing their units. 
 
 We have adopted certain valuation methodologies in determining a unitholder s allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction. The IRS may challenge these methodologies or the resulting allocations, and such a challenge could adversely affect the value of our common units. 
 
 In determining the items of income, gain, loss and deduction allocable to our unitholders, we must routinely determine the fair market value of our assets. Although we may from time to time consult with professional appraisers regarding valuation matters, we make many fair market value estimates ourselves using a methodology based on the market value of our common units as a means to determine the fair market value of our assets. The 
 
 28 

IRS may challenge these valuation methods and the resulting allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction for U.S. federal income tax purposes . 
 
 A successful IRS challenge to these methods or allocations could adversely affect the timing or amount of taxable income or loss being allocated to our unitholders. It also could affect the amount of gain from our unitholders sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of the common units or result in audit adjustments to our unitholders tax returns without the benefit of additional deductions. 
 
 The sale or exchange of 50 or more of our capital and profits interests during any twelve-month period will result in the termination of our partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 We will be considered to have technically terminated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes if there is a sale or exchange of 50 or more of the total interests in our capital and profits within a twelve-month period. For purposes of determining whether the 50 threshold has been met, multiple sales of the same unit will be counted only once. While we would continue our existence as a Delaware limited partnership, our technical termination would, among other things, result in the closing of our taxable year for all unitholders, which would result in us filing two tax returns (and our unitholders could receive two Schedules K-1 if special relief from the IRS is not available) for one fiscal year, and could result in a significant deferral of depreciation deductions allowable in computing our taxable income. In the case of a unitholder reporting on a taxable year other than the calendar year, the closing of our taxable year may also result in more than twelve months of our taxable income or loss being includable in the unitholder's taxable income for the year of termination. A technical termination would not affect our classification as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, but, instead, we would be treated as a new partnership for tax purposes. If treated as a new partnership, we must make new tax elections and could be subject to penalties if we are unable to determine that a technical termination occurred. The IRS has announced a relief procedure whereby if a publicly traded partnership that has technically terminated requests and the IRS grants special relief, among other things, the partnership will only have to provide one Schedule K-1 to unitholders for the year in which the termination occurs. 
 
 Unitholders will likely be subject to non-U.S., state and local taxes, and return filing requirements in jurisdictions where they do not live as a result of investing in our common units. 
 
 In addition to U.S. federal income taxes, unitholders will likely be subject to other taxes, including non-U.S., state and local taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate, inheritance, or intangible taxes that are imposed by the various jurisdictions in which we do business or control property now or in the future, even if they do not live in any of those jurisdictions. Unitholders will likely be required to file non-U.S., state, and local income tax returns and pay non-U.S., state and local income taxes in some or all of these various jurisdictions. Further, unitholders may be subject to penalties for failure to comply with those requirements. In the United States, we own assets and conduct business in many states, most of which currently impose a personal income tax on individuals and an income tax on corporations and other entities. As we make acquisitions or expand our business, we may own or control assets or conduct business in additional jurisdictions that impose a personal income tax. 

Unitholders may be subject to tax in one or more non-U.S. jurisdictions, including Mexico, Canada, Australia, and Argentina, as a result of owning our common units if, under the laws of any such country, we are considered to be carrying on business there. If unitholders are subject to tax in any such country, they may be required to file a tax return with, and pay taxes to, that country based on their allocable share of our income. We may be required to reduce distributions to unitholders on account of any withholding obligations imposed upon us by that country in respect of such allocation to the unitholders. In addition, the United States may not allow a tax credit for any foreign income taxes that unitholders directly or indirectly incur. 
 
 It is the responsibility of each unitholder to file all U.S. federal, state, and local tax returns and non-U.S. tax returns. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 

29 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016 , we owned a fabrication facility in Midland, Texas, a facility in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and additional service facilities in North Dakota, Oklahoma, Texas, and Utah. We lease 32 additional service facilities in Alabama, California, Colorado, Louisiana, New Mexico, Ohio, Oklahoma, Texas, Wyoming, and foreign locations in Argentina, Canada, and Mexico. We lease a number of storage facilities located across the geographic markets we serve. We utilize TETRA s facilities in Texas as our headquarters office. Our primary assets include our fleet of compression and other equipment. See Item 1 Business - Compression Services, for a discussion and description of our compressor fleet. All obligations under our bank revolving credit facility are secured by a first-lien security interest in substantially all of our assets, including our equipment fleet and our fabrication facilities in Midland, Texas and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, but excluding other real property assets. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. While the outcome of lawsuits against us cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not consider it reasonably possible that a loss resulting from such lawsuits in excess of any amounts accrued has been incurred that is expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

30 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Price Range of Common Units and Cash Distributions 
 
 Our common units are traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol CCLP. As of February 28, 2017 , there were 36 holders of record of the common units. The following table sets forth the high and low sale prices of the common units and cash distributions to common unitholders for each calendar quarter during the two years ended December 31, 2016 , as reported by the NASDAQ. 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 Cash Distribution 
 per Common Unit (1) 
 2015 

First Quarter 

19.40 

12.70 

0.4950 
 
 Second Quarter 
 
 22.15 

16.11 

0.5000 
 
 Third Quarter 
 
 17.99 

11.60 

0.5025 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 
 15.27 

10.10 

0.3775 
 
 2016 

First Quarter 

11.81 

3.74 

0.3775 
 
 Second Quarter 
 
 10.00 

5.17 

0.3775 
 
 Third Quarter 
 
 10.84 

7.39 

0.3775 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 
 11.66 

8.63 

0.3775 

(1) 
 Represents cash distributions attributable to the quarter and paid in the following calendar quarter. 
 
 Distribution Policy 
 
 Our partnership agreement requires us to distribute, no later than 45 days after the end of each quarter, all of our available cash, as defined below, at the end of each quarter. Our ability to pay our minimum quarterly distribution is subject to various restrictions and other factors, and there is no guarantee that we will pay any specific distribution in any quarter. 
 
 Definition of Available Cash. We define Available Cash in the partnership agreement, and it generally means, for each fiscal quarter, the sum of all cash and cash equivalents on hand at the end of the quarter: 
 
 less the amount of cash reserves established by our general partner to: 
 
 provide for the proper conduct of our business after the end of the quarter; 
 
 comply with applicable law, any of our future debt instruments or other agreements; or 
 
 provide funds for distributions to our unitholders and to our general partner for any one or more of the next four quarters (provided that our general partner may not establish cash reserves for future distributions, unless it determines that the establishment of reserves will not prevent us from distributing the minimum quarterly distribution on all common units and any cumulative arrearages for such quarter); 
 
 plus, if our general partner so determines, all or any portion of any additional cash and cash equivalents on hand on the date of determination of Available Cash for the quarter resulting from working capital borrowings made after the end of the quarter. 

Working capital borrowings are borrowings that are made under a credit agreement, commercial paper facility, or similar financing arrangement, and in all cases are used solely for working capital purposes or to pay distributions to partners and with the intent of the borrower to repay such borrowings within twelve months from sources other than additional working capital borrowings. 
 
 Common Units . We pay quarterly distributions to the holders of common units to the extent we have sufficient cash from our operations after establishment of cash reserves and payment of debt service and other contractual obligations, fees and expenses, including cash payments to our general partner and its affiliates. For the fourth quarter of 2016 we paid a distribution of 0.3775 per common unit, or 1.5100 on an annualized basis. As a 
 
 31 

result, no payments are due under our incentive distribution rights to our general partner in connection with this quarterly distribution. (See discussion of incentive distribution rights below.) There is no guarantee that we will continue to pay the current quarterly distribution on the common units. Even if our cash distribution policy is not modified or revoked, the amount of distributions paid under our policy and the decision to make any distribution is determined by our general partner, taking into consideration the terms of our partnership agreement. Distributions attributable to the year ended 2016 totaled 1.5100 per common unit. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Revolving Credit Facility for a discussion of provisions included in our revolving credit facility that restrict our ability to make distributions. 
 
 General Partner Interest and Incentive Distribution Rights. Initially, our general partner is entitled to approximately 2.0 of all distributions that we make prior to our liquidation. Our general partner has the right, but not the obligation, to contribute a proportionate amount of capital to us to maintain its initial 2.0 general partner interest. Our general partner s initial 2.0 interest in our distributions has been and may be further reduced if we issue additional limited partner units in the future and our general partner does not contribute a proportionate amount of capital to us to maintain its approximately 2.0 general partner interest. 
 
 Our general partner also currently holds incentive distribution rights ("Incentive Distribution Rights") that entitle it to receive increasing percentages, up to a maximum of 50.0 , of the cash we distribute from operating surplus in excess of 0.445625 per common unit per quarter. The maximum distribution of 50.0 includes distributions paid to our general partner on its 2.0 general partner interest and assumes that our general partner maintains its general partner interest at 2.0 . The maximum distribution of 50.0 does not include any distributions that our general partner may receive on any limited partner units that it owns. 
 
 Series A Convertible Preferred Units . We are required to make quarterly distributions to our Preferred Unitholders. The holders of Preferred Units are entitled to receive quarterly distributions in kind in additional Preferred Units, equal to an annual rate of 11.00 of the issue price 1.2573 per unit annualized), subject to certain adjustments related to any future issuances of common units below a set price and any quarterly distributions on our common units in excess of 0.3775 per common unit. In the event we fail to pay in full any quarterly distribution in additional Preferred Units, then until such failure is cured we are prohibited from making any distributions on our common units. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 Period 
 
 Total Number of Units 
 Purchased 
 
 Average Price Paid per 
 Unit 
 
 Total Number of Units Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced 
 Plans or Programs 
 
 Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Units that May Yet be Purchased Under the Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Oct 1 Oct 31, 2016 

N/A 
 
 N/A 
 Nov 1 Nov 30, 2016 

N/A 
 
 N/A 
 Dec 1 Dec 31, 2016 

N/A 
 
 N/A 
 Total 

N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans . 
 
 See "Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" for information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2016 . 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 
 
 The following tables set forth our selected consolidated financial data for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 , 2014 , 2013 , and 2012 . The selected consolidated financial data does not purport to be complete and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by, the more detailed information, including the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. Please read Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of the material uncertainties that might cause the selected consolidated financial data not to be indicative 
 
 32 

of our future financial condition or results of operations. During 2016 and 2015, we recorded significant impairments of long-lived assets and goodwill. On August 4, 2014 , pursuant to a stock purchase agreement dated July 20, 2014 , one of our subsidiaries acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of CSI for 825.0 million cash, a portion of which was financed through the issuance of additional common units and through the issuance of long-term debt. For periods after August 4, 2014, our results of operations include the operations of CSI. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

(In Thousands, Except Per Unit Amounts) 
 Income Statement Data 

Revenues 

311,363 

457,641 

282,647 

121,301 

108,582 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 
 191,260 

290,660 

174,667 

68,116 

57,500 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 
 72,123 

81,838 

40,880 

14,349 

13,227 
 
 Impairments of long-lived assets 

10,223 

11,797 

278 

293 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses 
 
 36,222 

43,479 

32,100 

17,467 

17,270 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 
 92,334 

139,444 

Interest expense, net 
 
 38,055 

34,964 

14,240 

617 

122 
 
 Series A Preferred fair value adjustment 
 
 5,036 

Other expense, net 
 
 2,383 

2,190 

10,396 

634 

779 
 
 Income (loss) before income tax provision 
 
 (136,273) 
 
 (146,731) 
 
 10,086 

19,825 

19,684 
 
 Net income (loss) 

(138,138) 

(146,630) 

11,258 

17,567 

16,331 
 
 Net income (loss) per common unit, basic 

(4.07) 

(4.36) 

0.47 

1.11 

1.04 
 
 Weighted average common units outstanding, basic 
 
 33,262,376 

33,169,413 

18,928,640 

9,230,876 

9,163,798 
 
 Net income (loss) per common unit, diluted 

(4.07) 

(4.36) 

0.47 

1.10 

1.03 
 
 Weighted average common units outstanding, diluted 
 
 33,262,376 

33,169,413 

18,928,640 

9,305,066 

9,193,407 

December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

(In Thousands) 
 Balance Sheet Data 

Working capital 

52,090 

59,300 

91,215 

34,151 

32,405 
 
 Total assets 
 
 786,140 

966,627 

1,217,051 

224,107 

217,550 
 
 Long-term debt 
 
 504,090 

566,658 

523,351 

28,957 

9,814 
 
 Partners' capital 
 
 143,249 

332,158 

550,281 

173,716 

182,250 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion is intended to analyze major elements of our consolidated financial statements and provide insight into important areas of management s focus. This section should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes included in this Annual Report. This discussion includes forward-looking statements that involve certain risks and uncertainties. 
 
 Statements in the following discussion may include forward-looking statements. These forward- looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. See Item 1A. Risk Factors, for additional discussion of these factors and risks. 
 
 Business Overview 
 
 During the third and fourth quarter of 2016 , we took additional steps to further enhance our balance sheet and liquidity. In August and September 2016, we completed two private placements of our Series A Convertible Preferred Units (the "Preferred Units") for aggregate net proceeds of 76.9 million . The holders of the Preferred Units (each, a Preferred Unitholder will receive quarterly distributions, which will be paid in kind in additional Preferred Units, equal to an annual rate of 11.00 of the 11.43 Issue Price, subject to certain adjustments. A ratable portion of the Preferred Units will be converted into common units each month over a period of thirty months beginning in March 2017 (each, a Conversion Date ), subject to certain provisions of the Amended and Restated 
 
 33 

Partnership Agreement that may delay or accelerate all or a portion of such monthly conversions. (For further discussion of the Preferred Units, see Cash Flows - Financing Activities section below.) In September and October 2016, we repurchased on the open market and retired 54.1 million aggregate principal amount of our 7.25 Senior Notes due August 15, 2022 (the 7.25 Senior Notes for a purchase price of 50.9 million , at an average repurchase price of 94 of the principal amount of such 7.25 Senior Notes, plus accrued interest, utilizing a portion of the net proceeds of the sales of the Preferred Units. In addition, on November 3, 2016, we entered into an amendment (the "Fourth Amendment") to the agreement governing our revolving bank credit facility (as amended, the "Credit Agreement") that, among other things, converted our bank credit facility to an asset-based lending facility and favorably adjusted the consolidated total leverage ratio and the consolidated minimum interest coverage ratio covenant. We are in compliance with all covenants of our Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2016 . Each of the steps noted above is expected to enhance our liquidity position and improve our ability to maintain compliance with Credit Agreement covenants in the event current market conditions persist. The scheduled maturities of our long-term debt are August 2019 for our Credit Agreement and August 2022 for the remaining 7.25 Senior Notes. 
 Oil and natural gas prices decreased during 2015 and remained low during 2016. Improvements in oil prices during late 2016 were still significantly below late 2014 price levels. As the challenges from the ongoing decreased demand for compression equipment and services persist, we continue to take aggressive actions to reduce costs and improve our balance sheet. While we have seen improvement in the price of oil and natural gas over the past few months, demand for production enhancement compression services continues to be decreased compared to the prior year for each horsepower (HP) class of our compressor fleet, and has particularly affected demand for our below-100 HP compression services. Demand for high-horsepower and medium-horsepower compression services has also been impacted by the current oil and natural gas pricing, but to a lesser extent. As a result, total horsepower utilization rate as of December 31, 2016 has declined to 76.4 compared to 82.0 as of December 31, 2015 , and this decrease in utilization, along with increasing downward pressure on compression services pricing, is reflected in a 21.9 decrease in compression and related services revenue during 2016 compared to the prior year. Continued pricing pressure is expected going forward, based on current reduced overall compression industry utilization rates. In addition, the current reduced capital expenditure levels for compression projects of our customers have adversely impacted demand for our new compressor packages, resulting in a decrease in equipment sales revenues of 56.7 during 2016 compared to the prior year. Our fabrication backlog associated with new equipment sales decreased significantly throughout 2015 and has continued to decrease during 2016, to 21.6 million as of December 31, 2016 compared to 33.6 million as of December 31, 2015 . Much of this equipment sales fabrication backlog is associated with customer gas gathering and pump projects. Demand for our products and services is expected to continue to be decreased compared to early 2015 levels for the foreseeable future and, as a result, our future revenues and operating cash flows are expected to be adversely impacted. 
 In response to the current market environment, in addition to the steps described above to improve our balance sheet and liquidity, we continue to aggressively reduce operating and administrative costs and significantly curtail our fleet growth capital expenditures. In addition to headcount and salary reductions, which have reduced operating and administrative expense levels, our capital expenditures, net of disposals and proceeds, during 2016 were 10.7 million compared to 95.3 million during the prior year. 
 We expect that oil and gas spending and activity levels will continue to be decreased compared to early 2015 levels throughout the beginning of 2017, however the recent modest increase in spending and activity in some of the areas where we operate may be an early indicator of possible improvement in 2017. Although our compressor fleet horsepower utilization rates have decreased throughout 2016 compared to the prior year, we experienced an incrementally smaller sequential decrease in utilization in the last half of 2016 compared to the first half of 2016. The total HP of our compression services fleet exceeded 1.1 million as of December 31, 2016 , and the diversity of our compression services fleet allows us to utilize a wide range of compressor packages (from 20 HP to 2,370 HP) to provide compression services to customers. Our over-800 HP compressor fleet packages have performed at a higher utilization rate than our below-100 HP and our 101-800 HP compressor fleet packages in the current economic environment. The level of our future growth capital expenditures depends on forecasted demand for compression services. As a result of reduced demand, we continue to review all capital expenditure plans carefully in an effort to conserve cash to fund our liquidity needs. A large portion of our reduced 2016 capital expenditures is associated with a system software development project designed to improve operating and administrative efficiencies beginning in 2017, allowing us to further reduce costs going forward. We plan to fund our capital expenditure needs through operating cash flows, borrowings under our Credit Agreement, and potentially other sources, if necessary. Our deferral of capital projects could affect our ability to compete in the future. 

34 

We are not a restricted subsidiary of TETRA for purposes of TETRA s credit facility, which we refer to as the TETRA Credit Facility, or under the Senior Note that TETRA has issued pursuant to a certain note purchase agreement in November 2015, which we refer to as the TETRA Senior Note. Although our ability to take certain actions, including incurring indebtedness and making acquisitions and capital expenditures, is limited under our Credit Agreement and Senior Note, it is not restricted by the TETRA Credit Facility or the TETRA Senior Note. 

How We Evaluate Our Operations 
 
 Operating Expenses. We use operating expenses as a performance measure for our business. We track our operating expenses using month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter, year-to-date, and year-to-year comparisons and as compared to budget. This analysis is useful in identifying adverse cost trends and allows us to investigate the cause of these trends and implement remedial measures if possible. The most significant portions of our operating expenses are for our field labor, repair and maintenance of our equipment, and for the fuel and other supplies consumed while providing our services. Other materials consumed while performing our services, ad valorem taxes, other labor costs, truck maintenance, rent on storage facilities, and insurance expenses comprise the significant remainder of our operating expenses. Our operating expenses generally fluctuate with our level of activity. 
 
 Our labor costs consist primarily of wages and benefits for our field and fabrication personnel, as well as expenses related to their training and safety. Additional information regarding our operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2016 , is provided within the results of operations sections below. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA. We view Adjusted EBITDA as one of our primary management tools, and we track it on a monthly basis, both in dollars and as a percentage of revenues (typically compared to the prior month, prior year period, and to budget). We define Adjusted EBITDA as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and before certain non-cash charges consisting of impairments, bad debt expense attributable to bankruptcy of customer, equity compensation, non-cash costs of compressors sold, fair value adjustments of our Preferred Units, gain on extinguishment of debt, administrative expenses under the Omnibus Agreement paid in equity using common units, and excluding acquisition and transaction costs and severance. This definition conforms closely to the definition used in the financial covenant provisions in our Credit Agreement. Adjusted EBITDA is used as a supplemental financial measure by our management and by external users of our financial statements, including investors, to: 
 
 assess our ability to generate available cash sufficient to make distributions to our common unitholders and General Partner; 
 
 evaluate the financial performance of our assets without regard to financing methods, capital structure, or historical cost basis; 
 
 measure operating performance and return on capital as compared to our competitors; 
 
 determine our ability to incur and service debt and fund capital expenditures; and 
 
 monitor the financial performance measures used in our Credit Agreement financial covenants. 
 
 The following table reconciles net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated: 

35 

Year Ended December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

(In Thousands) 
 Net income (loss) 

(138,138) 

(146,630) 

11,258 
 
 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 
 1,865 

(101) 
 
 (1,172) 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 72,123 

81,838 

40,880 
 
 Impairments of long-lived assets 
 
 10,223 

11,797 

278 
 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 
 92,334 

139,444 

Bad debt expense attributable to bankruptcy customer 
 
 728 

Interest expense, net 
 
 38,055 

34,964 

14,240 
 
 Equity Compensation 
 
 3,028 

2,164 

1,544 
 
 Acquisition costs 

208 

13,258 
 
 Series A Preferred transaction costs 
 
 3,131 

Series A Preferred fair value adjustments 
 
 5,036 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 
 (1,405) 

Omnibus expense paid in equity 
 
 1,576 

Severance 
 
 562 

772 

Non-cash cost of compressors sold 
 
 6,772 

3,441 

6,529 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 

95,890 

127,897 

86,815 

The following table reconciles cash flow from operating activities to Adjusted EBITDA: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

(In Thousands) 
 Cash flow from operating activities 
 
 61,444 

101,893 

44,819 
 
 Changes in current assets and current liabilities 
 
 (6,508) 
 
 (9,962) 
 
 13,971 
 
 Deferred income taxes 
 
 (30) 
 
 605 

3,514 
 
 Other non-cash charges 
 
 (4,752) 
 
 (3,923) 
 
 (1,594) 
 Financing expense 

(6,750) 
 Interest expense, net 
 
 38,055 

34,964 

14,240 
 
 Series A Preferred accrued paid in kind distributions 
 
 (3,094) 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 
 1,865 

(101) 
 
 (1,172) 
 Acquisition costs 

208 

13,258 
 
 Omnibus expense paid in equity 
 
 1,576 

Severance 
 
 562 

772 

Non-cash cost of compressors sold 
 
 6,772 

3,441 

6,529 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 

95,890 

127,897 

86,815 

Free Cash Flow . We define Free Cash Flow as net cash from operations less capital expenditures, net of sales proceeds. Management primarily uses this metric to assess our ability to retire debt, evaluate our capacity to further invest and grow, and measure our performance as compared to our peers. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 (In Thousands) 
 Cash from operations, net 
 
 61,444 

101,893 

44,819 
 
 Capital expenditures, net of sales proceeds 
 (10,659) 
 
 (95,272) 
 
 (48,137) 
 Free cash flow 
 
 50,785 

6,621 

(3,318) 

36 

Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow are financial measures that are not in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (a "non-GAAP financial measure") and should not be considered an alternative to net income, operating income, cash flows from operating activities, or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). These measures may not be comparable to similarly titled financial metrics of other entities, as other entities may not calculate Adjusted EBITDA or Free Cash Flow in the same manner as we do. Management compensates for the limitations of Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow as an analytical tool by reviewing the comparable GAAP measures, understanding the differences between the measures, and incorporating this knowledge into management s decision-making processes. Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow should not be viewed as indicative of the actual amount we have available for distributions or that we plan to distribute for a given period, nor should it be equated with available cash as defined in our partnership agreement. 
 
 Horsepower Utilization Rate of our Compressor Packages. We measure the horsepower utilization rate of our fleet of compressor packages as the amount of horsepower of compressor packages used to provide services as of a particular date, divided by the amount of horsepower of compressor packages in our services fleet as of such date. Management primarily uses this metric to determine our future need for additional compressor packages and to measure marketing effectiveness. 
 
 The following table sets forth the total horsepower in our compression fleet, our total horsepower in service, and our horsepower utilization rate as of the dates shown. 

December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 Horsepower 

Total horsepower in fleet 
 
 1,114,312 

1,127,540 

1,089,151 
 
 Total horsepower in service 
 
 851,733 

924,961 

955,095 
 
 Total horsepower utilization rate 
 
 76.4 

82.0 

87.7 

The following table sets forth our horsepower utilization rates by each horsepower class of our compressor fleet as of the dates shown. 
 
 December 31, 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 Horsepower utilization rate by class 

Low horsepower (0-100) 
 62.5 

73.7 

85.9 
 
 Mid-horsepower (101-800) 
 70.6 

77.2 

84.6 
 
 High-horsepower (801 and over) 
 87.5 

89.9 

94.7 

Net Increases in Compression Fleet Horsepower . We measure the net increase in our compression fleet horsepower during a given period of time by taking the difference between the aggregate horsepower of compressor packages added to the fleet during the period, less the aggregate horsepower of compressor packages removed from the fleet during the period. We measure the net increase in our compression fleet horsepower in service during a given period of time by taking the difference between the aggregate horsepower of compressor packages placed into service during the period, less the aggregate horsepower of compressor packages removed from service during the period. 
 Manufacturing and Backlog . Our equipment sales business includes the fabrication and sale of standard compressor packages, custom-designed compressor packages, and oilfield fluid pump systems designed and fabricated primarily at our facility in Midland, Texas. The equipment is fabricated to customer and standard specifications, as applicable. Our custom fabrication projects are typically greater in size and scope than standard fabrication projects, requiring more labor, materials, and overhead resources. Our fabrication business requires diligent planning of those resources and project and backlog management in order to meet the customer delivery dates and performance criteria. As of December 31, 2016 , our fabrication backlog was approximately 21.6 million , the majority of which is expected to be recognized through the year ended December 31, 2017, based on title passing to the customer, the customer assuming the risks of ownership, reasonable assurance of collectability, and delivery occurring as directed by our customer. Our fabrication backlog consists of firm customer orders for which a 
 
 37 

purchase or work order has been received, satisfactory credit or financing arrangements exists, and delivery has been scheduled. Our fabrication backlog is a measure of marketing effectiveness that allows us to plan future labor needs and measure our success in winning bids from our customers. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 This discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements. We prepared these financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles. In preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make assumptions, estimates, and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the periods presented. We base these estimates on historical experience, available information, and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. We periodically evaluate these estimates and judgments, which may change as new events occur, as new information is acquired, and with changes in our operating environment. Actual results are likely to differ from current estimates, and those differences may be material. The following critical accounting policies reflect the most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 
 
 Series A Preferred Units 
 
 Because the Preferred Units may be settled using a variable number of common units, the fair value of the Preferred Units is classified as a long-term liability on our consolidated balance sheet in accordance with ASC 480 "Distinguishing Liabilities and Equity." The fair value of the Preferred Units as of December 31, 2016 was 88.1 million . Changes in the fair value during each quarterly period, if any, are charged to other expense, net, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. To calculate the estimated fair value of our Preferred Units, we utilize market information related to debt instruments, the trading price of our common units, and lattice modeling techniques. Because the Preferred Units are convertible into our common units at the option of the holder, the fair value of the Preferred Units will generally increase or decrease with the trading price of our common units, and this increase/decrease in Preferred Unit fair value will be charged/credited to earnings. Because of the volatility of market factors inherent in the estimation of the fair value of the Preferred Units, including the trading price of our common units, the volatility of our earnings may increase while the Preferred Units are outstanding. During the year ended December 31, 2016 , the estimated fair value of the Preferred Units increased to 88.1 million , resulting in a 5.0 million charge to Other Expense, net, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 We conduct a determination of impairment of long-lived assets periodically whenever indicators of impairment are present. If such indicators are present, the determination of the amount of impairment is based on our judgments as to the future operating cash flows to be generated from these assets throughout their estimated useful lives. If an impairment of a long-lived asset is warranted, we estimate the fair value of the asset based on a present value of these cash flows or the value that could be realized from disposing of the asset in a transaction between market participants. The estimation of future operating cash flows is inherently imprecise, and, if our estimates are materially incorrect, it could result in an overstatement or understatement of our financial position and results of operations. In particular, the oil and gas industry is cyclical, and estimates of the period over which future cash flows will be generated, as well as the predictability of these cash flows, can have an additional significant impact on the carrying value of these assets and, particularly in periods of prolonged down cycles, may result in impairment charges. Historically, our business has not experienced significant impairments of its long-lived compressor assets, as utilized compressor packages generate cash flows sufficient to support their carrying values. Unutilized assets are maintained and evaluated on a regular basis. Serviceable compressor packages that are currently unutilized are anticipated to be placed in service in future years as demand increases or as fully depreciated packages in service are replaced. Sales of compressor packages have historically been at selling prices in excess of asset cost. Intangible assets recognized as part of the CSI Acquisition include trademark/tradename, customer relationships, and other intangible assets that are supported primarily by the estimated future cash flows of our operations. During the year ended December 31, 2016 , we recorded 10.2 million of impairments of long-lived assets, including certain compressor packages and certain identified intangible assets. Additional impairments of our long-lived assets could occur in the future, particularly in the event of a significant and sustained deterioration of natural gas production or pricing. 

38 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following data should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the associated Notes contained elsewhere in this document. 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Period-to-Period Change 
 Combined Results of Operations 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2016 vs. 2015 
 
 2015 vs. 2014 

(In Thousands) 
 Revenues: 

Compression and related services 

224,736 

287,680 

192,151 

(62,944) 

95,529 
 
 Aftermarket services 
 
 33,303 

46,921 

25,758 

(13,618) 
 
 21,163 
 
 Equipment sales 
 
 53,324 

123,040 

64,738 

(69,716) 
 
 58,302 
 
 Total revenues 
 
 311,363 

457,641 

282,647 

(146,278) 
 
 174,994 
 
 Cost of revenues: 

Cost of compression and related services 
 
 117,154 

142,327 

98,874 

(25,173) 
 
 43,453 
 
 Cost of aftermarket services 
 
 25,362 

39,232 

20,383 

(13,870) 
 
 18,849 
 
 Cost of equipment sales 
 
 48,744 

109,101 

55,410 

(60,357) 
 
 53,691 
 
 Total cost of revenues 
 
 191,260 

290,660 

174,667 

(99,400) 
 
 115,993 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 72,123 

81,838 

40,880 

(9,715) 
 
 40,958 
 
 Impairments of long-lived assets 
 
 10,223 

11,797 

278 

(1,574) 
 
 11,519 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expense 
 
 36,222 

43,479 

32,100 

(7,257) 
 
 11,379 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 
 92,334 

139,444 

(47,110) 
 
 139,444 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 
 38,055 

34,964 

14,240 

3,091 

20,724 
 
 Series A Preferred fair value adjustment 
 
 5,036 

5,036 

Other expense, net 
 
 2,383 

2,190 

10,396 

193 

(8,206) 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 
 (136,273) 
 
 (146,731) 
 
 10,086 

10,458 

(156,817) 
 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 
 1,865 

(101) 
 
 (1,172) 
 
 1,966 

1,071 
 
 Net income (loss) 

(138,138) 

(146,630) 

11,258 

8,492 

(157,888) 

39 

Percentage of Total Revenues 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Period-to-Period Change 
 Combined Results of Operations 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2016 vs. 2015 
 
 2015 vs. 2014 
 Revenues: 

Compression and related services 
 
 72.2 

62.9 

68.0 

(21.9) 
 
 49.7 
 
 Aftermarket services 
 
 10.7 

10.3 

9.1 

(29.0) 
 
 82.2 
 
 Equipment sales 
 
 17.1 

26.9 

22.9 

(56.7) 
 
 90.1 
 
 Total revenues 
 
 100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

(32.0) 
 
 61.9 
 
 Cost of revenues: 

Cost of compression and related services 
 
 37.6 

31.1 

35.0 

(17.7) 
 
 43.9 
 
 Cost of aftermarket services 
 
 8.1 

8.6 

7.2 

(35.4) 
 
 92.5 
 
 Cost of equipment sales 
 
 15.7 

23.8 

19.6 

(55.3) 
 
 96.9 
 
 Total cost of revenues 
 
 61.4 

63.5 

61.8 

(34.2) 
 
 66.4 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 23.2 

17.9 

14.5 

(11.9) 
 
 100.2 
 
 Impairments of long-lived assets 
 
 3.3 

2.6 

0.1 

(13.3) 
 
 4,143.5 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expense 
 
 11.6 

9.5 

11.4 

(16.7) 
 
 35.4 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 
 29.7 

30.5 

(33.8) 
 
 100.0 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 
 12.2 

7.6 

5.0 

8.8 

145.5 
 
 Series A Preferred fair value adjustment 
 
 1.6 

100.0 

Other expense, net 
 
 0.8 

0.5 

3.7 

8.8 

(78.9) 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 
 (43.8) 
 
 (32.1) 
 
 3.6 

(7.1) 
 
 (1,554.8) 
 Net income (loss) 
 
 (44.4) 
 
 (32.0) 
 
 4.0 

(5.8) 
 
 (1,402.5) 

2016 Compared to 2015 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Compression and related services revenues decreased by 62.9 million during 2016 compared to the prior year primarily due to the overall reduced demand for our compression services fleet. Decreases in oil and natural gas prices compared to 2015 have adversely impacted the demand and pricing for below-100 horsepower production enhancement compression and related services applications, including for liquids-rich resource plays and vapor recovery applications. In addition, the continued downturn in commodity prices has resulted in the reduction of the utilization and pricing of our medium-horsepower (101-800 HP) and high- horsepower (over 800 HP) compression and related services applications, which include natural gas gathering and transmission applications. However, increasing natural gas prices during the end of 2016 and beginning of 2017 have resulted in some improvement in demand for some of our services compared to earlier in 2016. Reductions in customer operating expenditures have translated to less demand for aftermarket services as well, thus contributing to a 13.6 million decrease in these revenues compared to the prior year. In response to decreased demand as a result of current oil and natural gas prices, we continue to restrict our compressor fleet growth capital expenditure plans for 2017. 
 
 In addition to the decrease in consolidated compression and related services and aftermarket services revenues, there was a decrease of 69.7 million in revenues from the sales of equipment during 2016, compared to the prior year. This decrease is primarily due to a lower number of customer projects compared to prior year, particularly projects requiring high-horsepower compressor packages. During 2016, the decrease in equipment sales revenue was partially offset by the sale of 8.8 million of used compressor packages that were previously in service, particularly during the fourth quarter of 2016. These sales of used compressor packages will result in the reduction of compression service revenues from these packages going forward. The level of revenues from equipment sales is typically volatile and difficult to forecast, as these revenues are tied to specific customer projects that vary in scope, design, complexity, and customer needs. In comparison, our revenues from compression and related services and aftermarket services are typically more consistent and predictable. As reflected by the 
 
 40 

decreased level of new equipment sales fabrication backlog as of December 31, 2016 , we expect future new equipment sales revenues to continue to be decreased compared to prior years. 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 
 The decrease in the cost of compression and related services revenue during 2016 compared to the prior year was primarily due to the decreases in the associated compression and related services revenues that resulted from the overall market decline compared to the prior year, and due to the impact of cost reduction efforts. The cost of compression and related services as a percentage of compression and related services revenues was 52.1 during 2016, compared to 49.5 from the prior year. This increase in cost of compression and related services as a percentage of related revenues is a result of service revenue price decreases out pacing the cost reduction efforts. 
 
 Cost of equipment sales revenues decreased in accordance with the decrease in associated revenues. Despite the cost reduction efforts, the costs of equipment sales as a percentage of revenues increased compared to 2015 largely due to the absorption of additional period costs during 2016 compared to the prior year. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense primarily consists of the depreciation of compressor packages in our service fleet. In addition, it includes the depreciation of other operating equipment and facilities and the amortization of intangibles. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 9.7 million compared to the prior year. Amortization expense decreased 6.8 million and depreciation expense decreased 2.9 million as a result of long-lived asset disposals and certain long-lived asset impairment charges incurred during the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016 that reduced the amount of assets subject to amortization and depreciation. 
 
 Long-lived asset impairments 
 
 During 2016 and 2015, we recorded total long-lived asset impairment charges of 10.2 million and 11.8 million , respectively, reflecting the decreased fair value for certain assets as a result of decreased utilization and decreased expected future cash flows to support their carrying value. In addition, certain compressor packages were impaired as a result of units that were damaged or destroyed by fires during 2016. Such fire damage is covered pursuant to operations insurance policies, and such claims are currently pending. Assets that were partially impaired included certain of our intangible assets. 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expense 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased during 2016 compared to the prior year. This decrease is largely due to a 6.1 million reduction in employee expenses, including salaries, incentives, benefits, and other employee related expenses, as a result of salary, workweek, and headcount reduction efforts. In addition, professional fees decreased by 0.8 million, office, tax, and insurance expense decreased by 1.3 million, and allocated costs from TETRA pursuant to our Omnibus Agreement decreased by 0.3 million. In addition, approximately 0.5 million of administrative costs were capitalized as part of our system software development project. These decreases were partially offset by 2.0 million of increased bad debt, repair and maintenance, and other general expenses. Selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues increased during 2016 compared to the prior year, reflecting the decrease in revenues compared to the prior year. 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 
 Following the fourth quarter of 2015, we performed an annual test of goodwill impairment in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 350-20 "Goodwill". The continuing decline in oil and natural gas commodity prices has had, and is expected to continue to have, a negative impact on industry drilling and capital expenditure activity, which has affected and is expected to continue to affect the future demand for certain of our products and services. Specifically, demand for our low-horsepower wellhead compression services and for sales of compressor equipment has decreased significantly and is expected to continue to be decreased for the foreseeable future. The prior decrease in demand and the expected decreased future demand, along with the decrease in our common unit price, has also caused a reduction in our overall fair value. As part of the test of goodwill impairment, we estimated our fair value, and determined, based on this estimated value, that impairment of our goodwill was necessary, primarily due to the market factors discussed 
 
 41 

above. Accordingly, during the fourth quarter of 2015, we recorded an impairment charge associated with our goodwill. 
 
 The continued decrease in demand along with the approximately 46.3 decrease in our common unit price as of March 31, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015, caused a further reduction in our overall fair value since December 31, 2015. When such triggering events occur, ASC 350-20 requires that a test of goodwill impairment be performed consistent with the annual testing requirement that is required at year-end. As part of the test of goodwill impairment at March 31, 2016, we estimated our fair value, and determined, based on this estimated value, that impairment of our goodwill was necessary, primarily due to the market factors discussed above. Accordingly, during the first quarter of 2016, we recorded a full impairment charge associated with our remaining goodwill. 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 
 Interest expense increased during 2016 compared to the prior year due to increased expense associated with the Preferred Units due to the impact of paid in kind distributions that accrue to the holders of Preferred Units. (See Note F - Series A Convertible Preferred Units for a further discussion of the Preferred Units.) Interest expense during 2016 and 2015 includes 4.4 million and 3.3 million , respectively, of finance cost amortization and other non-cash charges related to the amendments of our credit agreement. Increased interest expense in future periods as a result of paid in kind distributions on the Preferred Units is expected to be partially offset by the impact of our repurchase of 54.1 million principal amount of our 7.25 Senior Notes during September and October 2016. 
 
 Series A Preferred fair value adjustment 
 
 Series A Preferred fair value adjustment was 5.0 million during 2016. The fair value of the Preferred Units is classified as a long-term liability on our consolidated balance sheet in accordance with ASC 480 "Distinguishing Liabilities and Equity" and changes in the fair value during each quarterly period, if any, are charged to earnings. As of December 31, 2016 , the fair value of the Preferred Units was 88.1 million , which resulted in a non-cash charge of 5.0 million during the portion of 2016 that the Preferred Units were outstanding. Changes in the fair value of the Preferred Units may generate additional volatility to our earnings going forward. 
 
 Other expense, net 
 
 Other expense, net, was 2.4 million during 2016, compared to 2.2 million during the prior year. This increase was due to 2.1 million of offering costs for the Preferred Units that were charged to Other Expense, net, during 2016. This charge was partially offset by 1.4 million of gain on the early extinguishment of 54.1 million principal amount of 7.25 Senior Notes during September and October 2016. In addition, foreign currency translation expense decreased 0.4 million during 2016 compared to the prior year. 
 
 Income before taxes, provision (benefit) for income taxes, and net income 
 
 As a partnership, we are generally not subject to income taxes at the entity level because our income is included in the tax returns of our partners. Our operations are treated as a partnership for federal tax purposes with each partner being separately taxed on its share of taxable income. However, a portion of our business is conducted through taxable U.S. corporate subsidiaries. Accordingly, a U.S. federal and state income tax provision has been reflected in the accompanying statements of operations. Certain of our operations are located outside of the U.S. and the Partnership, through its foreign subsidiaries, is responsible for income taxes in these countries. 
 
 Despite the significant pre-tax loss for the year ended December 31, 2016 , we recorded a provision for income tax, primarily attributable to taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions and Texas gross margin taxes. Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2016 was negative 1.4 primarily due to losses generated in entities for which no related tax benefit has been recorded. The losses generated by these entities do not result in tax benefits due to offsetting valuation allowances being recorded against their net deferred tax assets. We establish a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Included in our deferred tax assets are net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits that are available to offset future income tax liabilities in the U.S. as well as in certain foreign jurisdictions. Further, the effective tax rate is negatively impacted by the nondeductible portion of our goodwill impairments during the year ended December 31, 2016 . 

42 

2015 Compared to 2014 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Revenues during the year ended December 31, 2015 significantly increased compared to the prior year, primarily due to the acquired operations of CSI. The acquired operations of CSI generated approximately 106.7 million of increased compression and related services revenues, which are attributable to twelve months of activity in 2015 compared to approximately five months of activity in the prior year, due to the August 4, 2014 acquisition date of CSI. This increase was partially offset by decreased service revenues from pre-CSI Acquisition compression services operations that decreased approximately 11.1 million. Decreased oil and natural gas commodity prices have adversely impacted the demand for below-100 horsepower compression and related services applications, including for liquids-rich resource plays and vapor recovery applications. In addition, 21.2 million of increased aftermarket services revenues were also recognized during 2015 primarily as a result of the full twelve months activity from CSI operations. During most of 2015, we continued to increase the overall size of our compressor package service fleet, particularly our high-horsepower fleet, to serve the levels of demand for midstream gas transmission, gathering, processing, and other services applications. 
 
 In addition to the increase in consolidated compression and related services and aftermarket services revenues, there was an increase of approximately 58.3 million in revenues from the sales of equipment during 2015 compared to the prior year. This increase is primarily due to the inclusion of twelve months of activity of CSI, which generated increased equipment sales revenues of 56.5 million during 2015. In addition, increased revenues from equipment sales from our non-CSI operations of approximately 3.6 million were due to a large sale of GasJack packages to a single customer in late 2015, although this sale will result in reduced compression service revenues from these packages going forward. The level of revenues from sales of equipment is typically difficult to forecast, as these revenues are tied to specific projects that vary in scope, design, complexity, and customer needs. Our revenues from compression and related services and aftermarket services are typically more consistent and predictable. 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 
 The increase in cost of compression services revenues during the year ended December 31, 2015 , compared to the prior year was also due to the CSI Acquisition, which generated approximately 49.1 million of increased cost during 2015. This increase in CSI cost of compression services was partially offset by decreased activity for pre-CSI operations. Consolidated cost of compression and related services as a percentage of consolidated compression and related services revenues decreased to 49.5 during 2015 from 51.5 during the prior year. Cost of CSI aftermarket services as a percentage of associated revenues was 88.2 during 2015 and 83.7 during the prior year. We have taken cost reduction steps during 2015 and early 2016 including headcount reductions, wage reductions, deferral of wage increases, and other efforts to reduce the cost of our fabrication and field operations, and will continue to review our cost structure for additional opportunities to improve profitability in the current operating environment. 
 
 Cost of equipment sales increased during 2015 compared to the prior year due to the increased sales, primarily as a result of the CSI Acquisition. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense primarily consists of the depreciation of compressor packages in our service fleet. In addition, it includes the depreciation of other operating equipment and facilities. Depreciation and amortization expense increased as a result of including depreciation and amortization from CSI for the full twelve months during 2015 resulting in approximately 49.4 million of increased depreciation and amortization expense. CSI depreciation and amortization includes the impact of the allocation of the purchase price to the estimated fair values of CSI's property, plant, and equipment and identified intangible assets. 

43 

Long-lived asset impairments 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2015, we recorded total long-lived asset impairment charges of 11.8 million reflecting the decreased fair value for certain assets as a result of decreased utilization and decreased expected future cash flows to support their carrying value. Assets that were partially impaired included certain of our intangible assets and tangible compressor equipment having approximately 45,000 HP. 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expense 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense increased during the year ended December 31, 2015 , compared to the prior year, primarily due to increased salary related expenses of approximately 8.9 million, primarily from increased salaries, incentive and benefits, and due to increased general expenses of 2.7 million. These increases are primarily attributable to twelve months of CSI activity in the current year 2015 compared to approximately five months of activity in the prior year, due to the August 4, 2014 acquisition date of CSI. Also, administrative costs allocated from TETRA increased by approximately 3.8 million, as a result of increased activity following the CSI Acquisition. These increases during 2015 were offset by decreased professional fees of approximately 3.2 million, largely due to 5.6 million of CSI acquisition transaction costs incurred during the prior year and 1.2 million of prior year consulting, training, and non-capitalized enterprise business system implementation costs. Employee expenses decreased by approximately 0.8 million during 2015, primarily from decreased travel and health and safety expenses. The ongoing efforts to integrate the administrative functions of CSI are expected to result in further efficiencies going forward. Selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues during 2015 decreased compared to the prior year, reflecting the increased efficiency of our expanded operations. 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 
 Following the fourth quarter of 2015, we performed an annual test of goodwill impairment in accordance with the ASC 350-20. The continuing decline in oil and natural gas commodity prices has had a negative impact on industry drilling and capital expenditure activity, which has affected the future demand for certain of our products and services. Specifically, demand for our low-horsepower wellhead compression services and for sales of compressor equipment has decreased significantly. The prior decrease in demand and the expected decreased future demand, along with the decrease in our common unit price, has also caused a reduction in our overall fair value. As part of the test of goodwill impairment, we estimated our fair value, and determined, based on this estimated value, that impairment of our goodwill was necessary, primarily due to the market factors discussed above. Accordingly, during the fourth quarter of 2015, we recorded an impairment charge associated with our goodwill. 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 
 Interest expense increased during 2015 compared to the prior year due to increased borrowings under our Credit Agreement and the issuance of the 7.25 Senior Notes in connection with the August 4, 2014 CSI Acquisition. As of December 31, 2015 , our total outstanding borrowing under our Credit Agreement was 235.0 million. 
 
 Other expense, net 
 
 Other expense, net, was 2.2 million for 2015 compared to 10.4 million for the prior year, primarily due to approximately 6.8 million of interim financing cost associated with the CSI Acquisition incurred and expensed in 2014. 
 
 Income before taxes, provision (benefit) for income taxes, and net income 
 
 Our U.S. operations are not subject to U.S. federal income tax other than with respect to the operations that are conducted through our taxable U.S. corporate subsidiaries. We also incur state and local income taxes in certain states, and we incur income taxes related to our foreign operations in the foreign countries in which we operate. Our 2015 effective tax rate of 0.1 was primarily a result of losses generated in entities not subject to income tax and in taxable subsidiaries for which no related tax benefit has been recorded. The losses generated by taxable U.S. corporate subsidiaries and certain foreign subsidiaries do not result in tax benefits due to offsetting valuation allowances being recorded against the net deferred tax assets of these subsidiaries. 
 
 44 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our primary cash requirements are for distributions, working capital requirements, normal operating expenses, and capital expenditures. Our sources of funds are our existing cash balances, cash generated from our operations, long-term and short-term borrowings, and leases, which we believe will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements during 2017. Increasingly competitive market environments, along with the continued low oil and natural gas prices, have resulted in additional challenges in each of our domestic and international business regions. Future levels of revenues and operating cash flows will continue to be negatively affected by the decreased demand for certain of our products and services during the ongoing period of low oil and natural gas prices. While remaining committed to a long-term growth strategy, our near-term focus during this period of reduced demand is to preserve and enhance liquidity through strategic operating and financial measures. We have taken strategic cost reduction efforts, including headcount reductions, wage reductions, workweek reductions, deferral of wage increases, and other efforts to reduce costs and generate cash in anticipation of the reduced demand for our products and services. In addition, our plans and forecasts include expectations that we will continue to settle certain Omnibus Agreement expenses with TETRA in common units in lieu of cash in 2017. We believe the steps taken have enhanced our operating cash flows and preserved our cash, and additional steps may be taken to continue to enhance our operating cash flows and preserve cash in the future. 
 
 Our cash flows from operating activities decreased during 2016 , when compared to the prior year, by 40.4 million primarily as a result of decreased earnings. Cash flows used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2016 , decreased 84.7 million when compared to 2015 , reflecting the decision to defer service fleet expansion and other capital expenditures. Cash flows used in financing activities was 39.9 million for 2016 , as compared to cash flows used by financing activities of 28.4 million in the prior year, primarily as a result of the repayment of a portion of the balance outstanding under our Credit Agreement and our repurchase of a portion of our 7.25 Senior Notes, offset by the proceeds received from the issuances of the Preferred Units. A summary of our sources and uses of cash during the three year period ended December 31, 2016 , is as follows: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 Operating activities 
 
 61,444 

101,893 

44,819 
 
 Investing activities 
 (10,681) 
 
 (95,341) 
 
 (873,942) 
 Financing activities 
 (39,890) 
 
 (28,360) 
 
 854,300 

We are in compliance with all covenants of our Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2016 . We have reviewed our financial forecasts for the twelve month period subsequent to February 28, 2017 . Based on this review and the current market conditions as of February 28, 2017 , we believe that despite the current industry environment and activity levels, we will have adequate liquidity, earnings, and operating cash flows to fund our operations and debt obligations and maintain compliance with debt covenants through February 28, 2018. Our continuing ability to comply with our covenants depends largely upon our ability to generate adequate earnings and operating cash flow. We expect to fund any future acquisitions and capital expenditures with cash flow generated from our operations, funds available under our Credit Agreement, and funds received from the issuance of additional debt and equity securities. However, we are subject to business and operational risks that could materially adversely affect our cash flows. Please read Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" included in this Annual Report. 
 
 Future growth in our operations, both internationally and in the U.S., may require ongoing significant capital expenditure investment. The level of future growth capital expenditures depends on forecasted demand for compression services. If the forecasted demand for compression services during 2017 increases or decreases, the amount of planned expenditures on growth and expansion will be adjusted, subject to availability of funds, accordingly. We have adjusted our expected capital expenditures and anticipate that our total gross capital expenditures (excluding asset disposals and associated proceeds) in 2017 will range from 15.0 million to 30.0 million , including 10.0 million to 13.0 million of estimated maintenance capital expenditures. During the current period of reduced oil and natural gas prices, we are reviewing all capital expenditure plans carefully in an effort to conserve cash and fund our liquidity needs. The deferral of capital projects could affect our ability to compete in the future. 

45 

Our capital expenditure program consists of both expansion capital expenditures and maintenance capital expenditures. Expansion capital expenditures consist of expenditures for acquisitions or capital improvements that increase our capacity, either by fabricating new compressor packages to expand our compression services fleet, purchasing support equipment or other assets, or through the upgrading of existing compressor packages to increase their capabilities. Expansion capital expenditures generally result in our ability to generate increased revenues. Maintenance capital expenditures consist of expenditures to maintain our compressor package fleet or support equipment without increasing its capacity. Maintenance capital expenditures are intended to maintain or sustain the current level of operating capacity and include the maintenance of existing assets and the replacement of obsolete components, and addition of any operational, environmental, or safety-driven component to the compressor package. Routine repair and maintenance is charged to expense as incurred. A large portion of our 2016 capital expenditures is associated with a system software development project designed to improve operating and administrative efficiencies beginning in 2017, and allow us to further reduce costs going forward. 
 
 On January 20, 2017 , our General Partner declared a cash distribution attributable to the quarter ended December 31, 2016 of 0.3775 per common unit. This distribution equates to a distribution of 1.51 per outstanding common unit on an annualized basis. Also on January 20, 2017 , our General Partner approved the paid in kind distribution of 193,563 Preferred Units attributable to the quarter ended December 31, 2016 in accordance with the provisions of our partnership agreement, as amended. These distributions were paid on February 14, 2017 , to the holders of common units and Preferred Units, respectively, of record as of the close of business February 1, 2017 . 

Cash Flows 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash from operating activities decreased by 40.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2016 to 61.4 million compared to 101.9 million in 2015 . Cash provided from operating activities decreased during 2016 primarily as a result of decreased earnings. We continue to monitor the evolving financial condition of many of our customers during this current downturn, balancing the benefits of generating operating cash flows with the risk of exposing our businesses to additional credit risk exposure. Our cash provided from operating activities is primarily generated from the provision of compression and related services and the sale of new compression packages. As reflected by the decreased demand for compression and related services and the decreased level of new equipment sales fabrication backlog as of December 31, 2016 , we expect revenues and operating cash flows to continue to be decreased compared to prior periods. 
 
 Cash provided from our foreign operations is subject to various uncertainties, including the volatility associated with interruptions caused by customer budgetary decisions, uncertainties regarding the renewal of our existing customer contracts, and other changes in contract arrangements, security concerns, the timing of collection of our receivables, and issues impacting the repatriation of cash generated by our operations. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Capital expenditures during the year ended December 31, 2016 , decreased by 84.6 million compared to 2015 reflecting the deferral of a significant amount of fleet expansion and other capital expenditure projects in light of current demand levels. Total capital expenditures, net of disposals and proceeds, during the current year period of 10.7 million include 11.4 million of maintenance capital expenditures and are net of 6.6 million of non-cash cost of compression units sold. A large portion of our 2016 capital expenditures is associated with a system software development project designed to improve operating and administrative efficiencies beginning in 2017 and allow us to further reduce costs going forward. The level of growth capital expenditures depends on forecasted demand for compression services. If the forecasted demand for compression services during 2017 increases or decreases, the amount of planned expenditures on growth and expansion will be adjusted, subject to the availability of funds, accordingly. During the current period of reduced oil and natural gas prices, we are reviewing all capital expenditure plans carefully in an effort to conserve cash and fund our liquidity needs. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Our partnership agreement requires that, within 45 days after the end of each quarter, we distribute all of our available cash, as defined in our Partnership Agreement, to our unitholders of record on the applicable record date and to our General Partner. In addition, our partnership agreement, as amended in August 2016, requires that, within 45 days after the end of each quarter, we make a distribution to holders of our Preferred Units of additional 
 
 46 

paid in kind Preferred Units, equal to 2.75 of the Issue Price (11 of 11.43 per Preferred Unit on an annualized basis). For the year ended December 31, 2016 , we distributed cash distributions of approximately 51.3 million to our common unitholders and General Partner. On January 20, 2017 , our General Partner declared a cash distribution attributable to the quarter ended December 31, 2016 , of 0.3775 per common unit. This cash distribution equates to a distribution of 1.51 per outstanding common unit, on an annualized basis. Also on January 20, 2017 , our General Partner approved the paid in kind distribution of 193,563 Preferred Units attributable to the quarter ended December 31, 2016 . These distributions are to be paid on February 14, 2017 , to all holders of record of our common units and Preferred Units, respectively, as of the close of business on February 1, 2017 . The amount of quarterly distributions is determined based on a variety of factors, including our estimates of cash needs to fund our future operating, investing, and debt service requirements. Our estimates of these future cash requirements are used in the determination of available cash, as defined in our Partnership Agreement. During the current period of low oil and natural gas pricing, we will continue to monitor the uncertain levels of cash flows from operating activities and the levels of cash flows from investing activities necessary to maintain our equipment fleet, and use these estimates in the determination of the levels of our future quarterly distributions. 
 
 Our sources of funds for liquidity needs are existing cash balances, cash generated from our operations, and long-term and short-term borrowings. 
 
 Series A Convertible Preferred Units 
 
 On August 8, 2016 and September 20, 2016 , we entered into Series A Preferred Unit Purchase Agreements (the Unit Purchase Agreements with certain purchasers with regard to our issuance and sale in private placements (the "Initial Private Placement" and "Subsequent Private Placement," respectively) of an aggregate of 6,999,126 Preferred Units for a cash purchase price of 11.43 per Preferred Unit (the Issue Price ), resulting in total net proceeds, after deducting certain offering expenses, of approximately 76.9 million . One of the purchasers in the Initial Private Placement was TETRA, which purchased 874,891 of the Preferred Units at the aggregate Issue Price of 10.0 million . Proceeds from the Initial Private Placement and Subsequent Private Placement were used to pay additional offering expenses and reduce outstanding indebtedness under our Credit Agreement and our 7.25 Senior Notes. 
 
 In connection with the closing of the Initial Private Placement, our General Partner executed a Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership (the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement to, among other things, authorize and establish the rights and preferences of the Preferred Units. The Preferred Units are a new class of equity security that will rank senior to all classes or series of equity securities of the Partnership with respect to distribution rights and rights upon liquidation. The holders of Preferred Units (each, a Preferred Unitholder will receive quarterly distributions, which will be paid in kind in additional Preferred Units, equal to an annual rate of 11.00 of the Issue Price (or 1.2573 per Preferred Unit annualized), subject to certain adjustments. The rights of the Preferred Units include certain anti-dilution adjustments, including adjustments for economic dilution resulting from the issuance of common units in the future below a set price. 
 
 A ratable portion of the Preferred Units will be converted into common units on the eighth day of each month over a period of thirty months beginning in March 2017 (each, a Conversion Date ), subject to certain provisions of the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement that may delay or accelerate all or a portion of such monthly conversions. On each Conversion Date, a portion of the Preferred Units will convert into common units representing our limited partner interests in an amount equal to, with respect to each Preferred Unitholder, the number of Preferred Units held by such Preferred Unitholder divided by the number of Conversion Dates remaining, subject to adjustment described in the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement, with the conversion price determined by the trading prices of the common units over the prior month, among other factors, and as otherwise impacted by the existence of certain conditions related to the common units. The maximum number of common units that could be required to be issued pursuant to the conversion provisions of the Preferred Units is potentially unlimited; however, the Partnership may, at its option, pay cash, or a combination of cash and common units, to the Preferred Unitholders instead of issuing common units on any Conversion Date, subject to certain restrictions as described in the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement and the Credit Agreement. 
 
 In addition, each purchaser may convert its Preferred Units, generally on a one-for-one basis and subject to adjustment for certain splits, combinations, reclassifications or other similar transactions and certain anti-dilution adjustments, in whole or in part, at any time following May 31, 2017 so long as any conversion is not for less than 250,000 or such lesser amount, if such conversion relates to all of such purchaser s remaining Preferred Units. We have the right to be reimbursed for any cash distributions paid with respect to common units issued in any such 
 
 47 

optional conversion until March 31, 2018. The Preferred Units will vote on an as-converted basis with the Common Units and will have certain other rights to vote as a class with respect to any amendment to the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement that would affect any rights, preferences or privileges of the Preferred Units, as more fully described in the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement. 
 
 In addition, the Unit Purchase Agreement includes certain provisions regarding change of control, transfer of Preferred Units, indemnities, and other matters described in detail in the Unit Purchase Agreement. The Unit Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants. 
 
 Bank Credit Facilities 
 
 Our Credit Agreement is available to provide our working capital needs, letters of credit, and for general partnership purposes, including capital expenditures and potential future expansions or acquisitions. So long as we are not in default, and maintain excess availability of 30.0 million, our Credit Agreement can also be used to fund our quarterly distributions at the option of our board of directors of our General Partner (provided, that after giving effect to such distributions, we will be in compliance with the financial covenants). Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including the absence of a default. 
 
 As of February 27, 2017 , we have a balance outstanding under our Credit Agreement of 241.0 million , and 2.3 million letters of credit and performance bonds, leaving availability under the Credit Agreement of 71.7 million . Our Credit Agreement matures August 2019. Our Credit Agreement, as amended, includes a maximum credit commitment of 315.0 million, and included within such amount is availability for letters of credit (with a sublimit of 20.0 million) and swingline loans (with a sublimit of 60.0 million). As a result of the amendment to the Credit Agreement in November 2016 (the "Fourth Amendment"), the Credit Agreement is now an asset-based facility. Availability under the Credit Agreement is subject to a borrowing base calculation based on components of accounts receivable, inventory, and equipment as well as subject to compliance with covenants and other provisions in the Credit Agreement that may limit borrowings. Borrowings under our Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either (a) LIBOR (adjusted to reflect any required bank reserves) plus a leverage based margin that ranges between 2.00 and 3.25 per annum or (b) a base rate plus a leverage-based margin that ranges between 1.00 and 2.25 per annum, in each case according to the applicable consolidated leverage ratio. We pay a commitment fee ranging from 0.375 to 0.50 per annum on the unused portion of the facility. Under our Credit Agreement, as amended, we and our CSI Compressco Sub, Inc. subsidiary are named as the borrowers and all obligations under our Credit Agreement are guaranteed by all of our existing and future, direct and indirect, domestic restricted subsidiaries (other than domestic subsidiaries that are wholly owned by foreign subsidiaries) and secured by substantially all of our assets and the assets of our domestic subsidiaries. 
 
 Our Credit Agreement requires us to maintain (i) a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio as of each quarter end period (defined ratio of consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) to consolidated interest charges) of (a) 2.25 to 1 as of the fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2016 through June 30, 2018; (b) 2.50 to 1 as of September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2018; and (c) 2.75 to 1 as of March 31, 2019 and thereafter, (ii) a maximum consolidated total leverage ratio (ratio of consolidated total indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA of (a) 5.75 to 1 as of September 30, 2016; (b) 5.95 to 1 as of December 31, 2016 through June 30, 2018; (c) 5.75 to 1 as of September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2018; and (d) 5.50 to 1 as of March 31, 2019 and thereafter, and (iii) a maximum consolidated secured leverage ratio (consolidated secured indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA) of (a) 3.25 to 1 as of September 30, 2016 through June 30, 2018; and (b) 3.50 to 1 as of September 30, 2018 and thereafter, calculated on a trailing four quarters basis. At December 31, 2016 , our consolidated total leverage ratio was 5.40 to 1, our consolidated secured leverage ratio was 2.35 to 1, and our consolidated interest coverage ratio was 3.13 to 1. Deterioration of these financial ratios could result in a default under our Credit Agreement that, if not remedied, could result in termination of the Credit Agreement and acceleration of any outstanding balances. Any such default could also result in a cross-default under our 7.25 Senior Notes. The consolidated total leverage ratio and the consolidated secured leverage ratio, as both are calculated under our Credit Agreement, exclude the long-term liability for our Preferred Units in the determination of total indebtedness. 
 
 Our Credit Agreement includes other customary covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional debt, incur, or permit certain liens to exist, or make certain loans, investments, acquisitions, or other restricted payments. In addition, the Credit Agreement requires that, among other conditions, we use designated consolidated cash and cash equivalent balances in excess of 35.0 million to prepay the loans; allows the prepayment or purchase of indebtedness with proceeds from the issuances of equity securities or in exchange for 
 
 48 

the issuances of equity securities; and restricts the amount of our permitted capital expenditures in the ordinary course of business during each fiscal year ranging from 25.0 million in 2016 to 75.0 million in 2019. 
 
 All obligations under the Credit Agreement and the guarantees of those obligations are secured, subject to certain exceptions, by a first lien security interest in substantially all of our assets and the assets of our existing and future domestic subsidiaries, and all of the capital stock of our existing and future subsidiaries (limited in the case of foreign subsidiaries, to 65 of the voting stock of first tier foreign subsidiaries). 
 
 7.25 Senior Notes 
 
 The obligations under the 7.25 Senior Notes are jointly and severally, and fully and unconditionally, guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by each of our domestic restricted subsidiaries (other than CSI Compressco Finance) that guarantee our other indebtedness (the "Guarantors" and together with the Issuers, the "Obligors"). The 7.25 Senior Notes and the subsidiary guarantees thereof (together, the "Securities") were issued pursuant to an indenture described below. 
 
 The Obligors issued the Securities pursuant to the Indenture dated as of August 4, 2014 (the "Indenture") by and among the Obligors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the "Trustee"). The 7.25 Senior Notes accrue interest at a rate of 7.25 per annum. Interest on the 7.25 Senior Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year. The 7.25 Senior Notes are scheduled to mature on August 15, 2022. 
 
 The Indenture contains customary covenants restricting our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to: (i) pay dividends and make certain distributions, investments and other restricted payments; (ii) incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares; (iii) create certain liens; (iv) sell assets; (v) merge, consolidate, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; (vi) enter into transactions with affiliates; and (vii) designate our subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries under the Indenture. The Indenture also contains customary events of default and acceleration provisions relating to such events of default, which provide that upon an event of default under the Indenture, the Trustee or the holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of the 7.25 Senior Notes then outstanding may declare all amounts owing under the 7.25 Senior Notes to be due and payable. We are in compliance with all covenants and conditions of the Indenture as of December 31, 2016 . 
 
 In September and October 2016, we repurchased on the open market and retired 54.1 million aggregate principal amount of 7.25 Senior Notes for a purchase price of 50.9 million , at an average repurchase price of 94 of the principal amount of the 7.25 Senior Notes, plus accrued interest, utilizing a portion of the net proceeds of the sale of the Preferred Units. Following the repurchase of these 7.25 Senior Notes, 295.9 million aggregate principal amount of 7.25 Senior Notes remain outstanding. 
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As of December 31, 2016 , we had no off balance sheet arrangements that may have a current or future material effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 From time to time, we are involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. While the outcome of these lawsuits or other proceedings against us cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not consider it reasonably possible that a loss resulting from such lawsuits or proceedings in excess of any amounts accrued has been incurred that is expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 Our contractual obligations and commitments principally include obligations associated with our outstanding indebtedness and obligations under operating leases. During 2016 , there were no material changes outside of the ordinary course of business in the specified contractual obligations. 
 
 49 

The table below summarizes our contractual cash obligations as of December 31, 2016 : 

Payments Due 

Total 
 
 2017 
 
 2018 
 
 2019 
 
 2020 
 
 2021 
 
 Thereafter 

(In Thousands) 
 Long-term debt 

517,900 

222,000 

295,900 
 
 Interest on debt 
 
 140,643 

28,873 

28,873 

26,321 

21,216 

21,216 

14,144 
 
 Operating leases 
 
 4,648 

2,789 

1,108 

376 

223 

152 

Total contractual cash obligations (1) 

663,191 

31,662 

29,981 

248,697 

21,439 

21,368 

310,044 

(1) 
 Amounts exclude other long-term liabilities reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheet that do not have known cash payment streams. These excluded amounts include approximately 88.1 million carrying value of liabilities related to the Series A Convertible Preferred Units. The preferred units are expected to be serviced and satisfied with non-cash paid in kind distributions and conversions to common units. See "Note F-Series A Convertible Preferred Units," in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For a discussion of new accounting pronouncements that may affect our consolidated financial statements, see Note B - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, "New Accounting Pronouncements," contained in this Annual Report. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. We do not take title to any natural gas or oil in connection with our services and, accordingly, have no direct exposure to fluctuating commodity prices. While we have a significant number of customers who have retained our services through periods of high and low commodity prices, we generally experience less growth and more customer attrition during periods of significantly high or low commodity prices. For a discussion of our indirect exposure to fluctuating commodity prices, please read Risk Factors Certain Business Risks. We depend on domestic and international demand for and production of natural gas and oil and a reduction in this demand or production could adversely affect the demand or the prices we charge for our services, which could cause our revenues and cash available for distribution to our common unitholders to decrease in the future. We do not currently hedge, and do not intend to hedge, our indirect exposure to fluctuating commodity prices. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We have exposure to changes in interest rates on our indebtedness associated with our Credit Agreement. On December 31, 2016 , we had a total of 222.0 million outstanding under our Credit Agreement. As interest charged on our Credit Agreement is based on a variable rate, we are exposed under the Credit Agreement to floating interest rate risk on outstanding borrowings. Our exposure to floating interest rate risk has increased significantly as a result of the borrowings under our Credit Agreement in connection with the CSI Acquisition. Any increase or decrease in the prevailing interest rate will impact our interest expense during periods of indebtedness under our credit facility. 
 
 The following table sets forth as of December 31, 2016 , our principal cash flows for our long-term debt obligations (which bear a variable rate of interest) and weighted average effective interest rate by their expected maturity dates. We are not a party to an interest rate swap contract or other derivative instrument designed to hedge our exposure to interest rate fluctuation risk. 
 
 50 

Expected Maturity Date 

Fair Market Value 

2017 
 
 2018 
 
 2019 
 
 2020 
 
 2021 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2016 

Long-term debt: 

U.S. dollar variable rate (in 000s) 

222,000 

222,000 

222,000 
 
 Weighted average interest rate 

3.45 

U.S. dollar fixed rate (in 000s) 

295,900 

295,900 

278,200 
 
 Interest rate (fixed) 

7.25 

7.25 

Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 We have exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates associated with our operations in Latin America and Canada. Most of our billings under our contracts with PEMEX and other clients in Mexico are denominated in U.S. dollars; however, a large portion of our expenses and costs under those contracts are incurred in Mexican pesos, and we retain cash balances denominated in Mexican pesos. As such, we are exposed to fluctuations in the value of the Mexican peso against the U.S. dollar. Before considering the impact of any derivative contracts, a hypothetical increase or decrease in the U.S. dollar-Mexican peso foreign exchange rate of 2.0 would have a 238,000 impact on our net income for the year ended December 31, 2016 . 
 
 We enter into 30-day foreign currency forward derivative contracts as part of a program designed to mitigate the currency exchange rate risk exposure on selected transactions of certain foreign subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2016 , we had the following foreign currency derivative contract outstanding relating to a portion of our foreign operations: 

US Dollar Notional Amount 
 
 Traded Exchange Rate 
 
 Settlement Date 

(In Thousands) 

Forward sale Mexican peso 

2,483 

20.18 
 
 1/18/2017 

Under this program, we may enter into similar derivative contracts from time to time. Although contracts pursuant to this program will serve as an economic hedge of the cash flow of our currency exchange risk exposure, they will not be formally designated as hedge contracts or qualify for hedge accounting treatment. Accordingly, any change in the fair value of this derivative instrument during a period will be included in the determination of earnings for that period. 
 
 The fair value of foreign currency derivative instruments are based on quoted market values as reported to us by our counterparty (a Level 2 fair value measurement). The fair value of our foreign currency derivative instruments as of December 31, 2016 , is as follows: 
 Foreign currency derivative instruments 
 
 Balance Sheet 
 
 Fair Value at 

Location 
 
 December 31, 2016 

(In Thousands) 
 Forward sale contracts 
 
 Current assets 

57 

Current liabilities 

Total 

57 

None of the foreign currency derivative contracts contain credit risk related contingent features that would require us to post assets or collateral for contracts that are classified as liabilities. During the period ended December 31, 2016 we recognized approximately 0.4 million of net gains associated with our foreign currency derivative program, and such amount is included in other income in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 51 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Our financial statements and supplementary data for us and our subsidiaries required to be included in this Item 8 are set forth in Item 15 of this Report. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of our general partner, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of our general partner concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2016. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of our general partner is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of management of our general partner, including the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of our general partner, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, was conducted based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) ("COSO"). Based on this assessment, management of our general partner has determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2016. 
 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 
 Ernst Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 . Ernst Young LLP's report on our internal control over financial reporting is included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. During the fourth quarter of 2015, we determined that we had a material weakness in our internal control over our aftermarket services and parts sales revenues totaling approximately 41 million during 2015 associated with our CSI operations acquired during 2014. Specifically, we identified deficiencies in both design and operating effectiveness of certain of our internal controls, which when aggregated, represent a material weakness in our aftermarket services and parts sales revenue process related to CSI. 
 
 To remediate the material weakness described above, during 2016 we designed and implemented controls and enhanced and revised the design of existing controls and procedures to ensure that adequate documentation is obtained prior to recognition of these revenues. During the fourth quarter of 2016, we successfully completed the testing necessary to conclude that the material weakness has been remediated. 
 
 Other than the changes described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2016 , that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2016 , as a result of fire damage to compressor packages, we recorded impairments totaling approximately 2.4 million associated with certain identified compressor units. 
 
 These impairment charges are not expected to result in future capital expenditures. For additional information, see "Note B - "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Goodwill and Impairment of Long-Lived Assets " contained in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

52 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 
 Corporate Governance and Director Independence 
 
 Our general partner, CSI Compressco GP Inc., is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of TETRA Technologies, Inc. TETRA and has sole responsibility for conducting our business and managing our operations. The members of our general partner s board of directors (our Board oversee our operations. Unitholders are not entitled to elect the members of our Board or directly or indirectly participate in our management or operation. All of the members of our Board are appointed by Compressco Field Services, L.L.C., a wholly owned subsidiary of TETRA, and we do not hold annual unitholder meetings for the election of our Board. References in this Part III to the Board, directors, "executive officers," or officers refer to the Board, directors, executive officers, and officers of our general partner, unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 Our Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that outline important policies and practices regarding our governance and provide a framework for the functioning of the Board and its committees. The Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charters of the Audit Committee and Conflicts Committee are available in the Corporate Governance section of the Investor Relations area of our website at www.csicompressco.com. In addition, our Board and our general partner have adopted a Code of Conduct and a Financial Code of Ethics, copies of which are also available in the Corporate Governance section of the Investor Relations area of our website at www.csicompressco.com. We will post on our website all waivers to or amendments of our Code of Conduct and Financial Code of Ethics that are required to be disclosed by applicable law or the listing requirements of the NASDAQ. We will provide to our unitholders, without charge, printed copies of the foregoing materials upon written request to Investor Relations, CSI Compressco LP, 24955 Interstate 45 North, The Woodlands, Texas 77380. 
 
 The NASDAQ does not require a listed limited partnership like us to have a majority of independent directors on the Board or to establish a compensation committee or a nominating committee. Our Board currently consists of seven directors, four of whom, Paul D. Coombs, D. Frank Harrison, James R. Larson, and William D. Sullivan, are independent as defined under the listing standards of the NASDAQ. 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 Our Board s directors hold office until the earlier of their death, resignation, removal or disqualification or until their successors have been appointed. Our executive officers serve at the discretion of our Board. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. The following table shows information regarding our current directors and executive officers. Directors are appointed for one-year terms. 
 
 53 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position with CSI Compressco GP 
 Stuart M. Brightman 
 
 60 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 D. Frank Harrison 
 
 69 
 
 Independent Director 
 Timothy A. Knox 
 
 48 
 
 President and Director 
 James R. Larson 
 
 67 
 
 Independent Director 
 William D. Sullivan 
 
 60 
 
 Independent Director 
 Paul D. Coombs 
 
 61 
 
 Independent Director 
 Joseph Elkhoury 
 
 47 
 
 Director 
 Derek C. Coffie 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Ronald J. Foster 
 
 60 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer 
 C. Brad Benge 
 
 57 
 
 Vice President of Operations 
 Levent Caglar 
 
 41 
 
 Vice President of Fleet Management 
 Anthony D. Speer 
 
 48 
 
 Vice President of Manufacturing 

Biographical summaries of the directors and executive officers, including the experiences, qualifications, attributes, and skills of each director that have been considered by the Board in determining that these individuals should serve as directors, are set forth below. See Beneficial Ownership of Certain Unitholders and Management included under Item 12 of this Annual Report for information regarding the number of common units owned by each individual. 
 
 Stuart M. Brightman has served as a director of our general partner's Board since October 31, 2008, and as Chairman of its Board since May 2014. Mr. Brightman has served as TETRA s president and chief executive officer since May 2009, at which time Mr. Brightman was also elected as a member of TETRA s board of directors. He served as TETRA s executive vice president and chief operating officer from April 2005 through May 2009. From April 2004 to April 2005, Mr. Brightman was self-employed. Mr. Brightman served as president of the Dresser Flow Control division of Dresser, Inc. from April 2002 until April 2004. Dresser Flow Control, which manufactures and sells valves, actuators, and other equipment and provides related technology and services for the oil and gas industry, had revenues in excess of 400 million in 2004. From November 1998 to April 2002, Mr. Brightman was president of the Americas Operation of the Dresser Valve Division of Dresser, Inc. He served in other capacities during the earlier portion of his career with Dresser, from 1993 to 1998. From 1982 to 1993, Mr. Brightman served in several financial and operational positions with Cameron Iron Works and its successor, Cooper Oil Tools. Mr. Brightman currently serves as a director of C J Services, Inc., a public company subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. Mr. Brightman received his B.S. degree from the University of Pennsylvania and his Master of Business Administration degree from the Wharton School of Business. 
 
 Mr. Brightman has more than 30 years of experience in manufacturing and services businesses related to the oil and gas industry. He has experience in corporate finance and in the management of capital intensive operations. Mr. Brightman s service as TETRA s president and chief executive officer also provides our Board with an in-depth source of knowledge regarding our operations, our executive management team, and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. 
 
 Paul D. Coombs has served as an independent director of our general partner's Board since May 6, 2014. Mr. Coombs has served as a member of TETRA s board of directors since June 1994, and as a member of its nominating and corporate governance committee since July 2012 , and as a membe r of its audit committee since May 2015. From April 2005 until his retirement in June 2007, Mr. Coombs served as TETRA s executive vice president of strategic initiatives, and from May 2001 to April 2005, as TETRA s executive vice president and chief operating officer. From January 1994 to May 2001, Mr. Coombs served as TETRA s executive vice president - oil gas, from 1987 to 1994 he served as senior vice president - oil gas, and from 1985 to 1987, as general manager - oil gas. Mr. Coombs has served in numerous other positions with TETRA since 1982. Mr. Coombs is presently a director and serves on the audit and corporate governance committees of the board of directors of Balchem Corporation, a public company that is subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Mr. Coombs has more than 30 years of experience with TETRA, which, together with his entrepreneurial approach to management, provides our general partner s Board with insight into our capabilities and personnel. Mr. 
 
 54 

Coombs has substantial experience with the services we provide and with oil and gas exploration and production operations in general. 
 
 Joseph Elkhoury has served as a member of our general partner's Board since September 2015. Mr. Elkhoury has been Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of TETRA Technologies, Inc. since June, 2014. Prior to his employment by TETRA, Mr. Elkhoury served at Schlumberger for 20 years, and held several international and North America positions, most recently as Vice President and General Manager Microseismic Services since October 2012. From December 2010 until September 2012, Mr. Elkhoury served as Schlumberger s vice president of information solutions in North America, and from December 2009 until December 2010, vice president of production services. Earlier in his Schlumberger career from 1994 until 2009, Mr. Elkhoury held numerous other management positions, serving in operating and administrative areas such as marketing and communications, global supply chain and procurement, area operations support, geomarket operations, training and development, and wireline engineering. Mr. Elkhoury received his B.E. degree in Electrical Engineering from the American University of Beirut in Lebanon. 
 
 D. Frank Harrison has served as an independent director of our general partner's Board and as Chairman of its Conflicts Committee and a member of its Audit Committee since April 2012. Since June 2011, Mr. Harrison is an owner and the managing partner of Eufaula Energy, LLC, a privately held company that invests in oil and gas interests. Mr. Harrison served as chairman of the board of directors (since 2007) and as chief executive officer and a director (since 2005) of Bronco Drilling Company, Inc. ("Bronco") until the acquisition of Bronco by Chesapeake Energy Corporation in June 2011. Bronco was a publicly traded company that provided contract drilling and well services. From 2002 to 2005, Mr. Harrison served as an agent for the purchase of oil and gas properties for entities controlled by Wexford Capital LLC. From 1999 to 2002, Mr. Harrison served as president of Harding and Shelton, Inc., a privately held oil and natural gas exploration, drilling and development firm. Mr. Harrison currently serves on the board of directors of the Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association. He received his B.S. degree in Sociology from Oklahoma State University. 
 
 Mr. Harrison has significant management experience in the exploration and production of oil and gas in the U.S. Mr. Harrison also has substantial experience in serving on the board of a publicly held corporation operating in the oil and gas industry, which provides cross board experience and perspective. 
 
 Timothy A. Knox has served as President and a director of our general partner's Board since August 2014. Mr. Knox served as president and chief operating officer of Compressor Systems, Inc. ("CSI") from September 2010 until it was acquired by CSI Compressco in August 2014. Mr. Knox served as senior vice president of CSI from August 2009 to September 2010 and as vice president - engineering and manufacturing of CSI from December 2004 to August 2009, having served as director - engineering and manufacturing since 2003. Mr. Knox joined CSI as a regional account manager in 1996, was promoted to manager of the mid-continent business unit in 1998, serving in that role until 2003. From 1991 to 1996, Mr. Knox served in multiple roles for Dresser-Rand Compression Services including; applications, project engineering, project management and sales. Mr. Knox has 26 years of industry experience, including 18 years with CSI. He received his B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Oklahoma in 1990 and an M.B.A. from Oklahoma State University in 1999. 
 
 Mr. Knox has significant experience in the natural gas compression industry and provides our general partner's Board with an in-depth knowledge regarding our customers, operations, business strategies, and the markets and geographies in which we operate. Mr. Knox's management experience and leadership skills are highly valuable in assessing our business strategies and accompanying risks. 
 
 James R. Larson has served as an independent director of our general partner's Board and as Chairman of its Audit Committee since July 2011 and as a member of its Conflicts Committee since April 2012. Since January 1, 2006, Mr. Larson has been retired. From September 2005 until January 1, 2006, Mr. Larson served as senior vice president of Anadarko Petroleum Corporation ("Anadarko"). From December 2003 to September 2005, Mr. Larson served as senior vice president, finance and chief financial officer of Anadarko. From 2002 to 2003, Mr. Larson served as senior vice president, finance of Anadarko where he oversaw treasury, investor relations, internal audits and acquisitions and divestitures. From 1995 to 2002, Mr. Larson served as vice president and controller of Anadarko where he was responsible for accounting, financial reporting, budgeting, forecasting, and tax. Prior to that, he held various tax and financial positions within Anadarko after joining the company in 1981. Mr. Larson is a current member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, Financial Executives International, and the Tax Executives Institute. Mr. Larson also serves on the Board of Directors of EV Management, LLC, the general 
 
 55 

partner of EV Energy GP, L.P., which is the general partner of EV Energy Partners, L.P., a Houston-based publicly traded limited partnership engaged in acquiring, producing, and developing oil and gas properties. He received his B.B.A. degree in business from the University of Iowa 
 
 Mr. Larson has significant management experience in the exploration and production of oil and gas on an international as well as domestic level. Mr. Larson also has substantial experience in corporate finance and financial reporting matters and in serving on the board of a publicly traded limited partnership operating in the oil and gas industry. 
 
 William D. Sullivan is an independent director of our general partner's Board and has served as a member of its Audit Committee since July 2011. Mr. Sullivan has served as a member of TETRA s board of directors since August 2007 and as non-executive chairman of its board since May 2015. Mr. Sullivan is the non-executive chairman of the board of directors of SM Energy Company, a publicly traded exploration and production company. Mr. Sullivan is also a director and serves on the audit, nominating and corporate governance and conflicts, and compensation committees of Legacy Reserves GP, LLC, the general partner of Legacy Reserves, LP, a publicly traded limited partnership holding oil and gas producing assets. From 2007 to May 2015, Mr. Sullivan served as a director and as a member of the conflicts and audit committees of Targa Resources Partners GP, LLC, the general partner of Targa Resources Partners LP, a publicly traded limited partnership. From 1981 through August 2003, Mr. Sullivan was employed in various capacities by Anadarko Petroleum Corporation, most recently as executive vice president, exploration and production. Mr. Sullivan has been retired since August 2003. Mr. Sullivan received his B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from Texas A M University. 
 
 Mr. Sullivan has significant management experience in mid-stream oil and gas operations and in the exploration and production of oil and gas on an international and domestic level. Mr. Sullivan also has substantial experience in executive compensation matters and in serving on the boards of publicly held corporations and publicly traded limited partnerships operating in the oil and gas industry, which provides cross board experience and perspective. 
 
 Derek C. Coffie was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of our general partner on June 20, 2016. He has over 35 years of accounting and financial management experience, working in a variety of industries, including agribusiness, manufacturing and land-based diesel engine services. Mr. Coffie joins CSI Compressco from United Holdings, a subsidiary of Kirby Corporation (NYSE:KEX), where he served as Vice President Finance and Controller since 2015. United Holdings provides the energy sector with equipment for hydraulic fracturing and diesel engine repair services. From 2008 to 2014, Mr. Coffie served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Lennox International's Heatcraft Worldwide Refrigeration division. From 2002 to 2008, he served as controller for Johnson Outdoors. Earlier roles include finance director of Steelcase Inc., director of finance of Johnson Controls Inc., and group controller of Illinois Tool Works. Mr. Coffie began his career at Monsanto, a sustainable agriculture company, where he held various financial and management roles with increasing responsibility during his 16 year tenure. He earned a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Tennessee State University and an MBA from Washington University's Olin School of Business. 
 
 Ronald J. Foster has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of our general partner since the closing of the CSI Acquisition in August 2014. From October 2008 through September 2015, Mr. Foster also served as a director of our general partner and Compressco, Inc. Prior to the CSI Acquisition, Mr. Foster served as President of CSI Compressco GP Inc. from October 2008 until July 2014, and as President and a director of our Compressco, Inc. subsidiary from October 2008 until October 2012. From August 2002 to September 2008, Mr. Foster served as Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing with Compressco, Inc. Mr. Foster has over 30 years of energy-related work experience that also includes positions with Wood Group, Halliburton and Dresser. He is an active member of several regional industry trade organizations, including the American Petroleum Institute (API), the Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE) and the Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association (OIPA). Mr. Foster received his B.S. degree in Economics from Oklahoma State University. 
 
 C. Brad Benge has served as Vice President of Operations of our general partner since August 2014. Mr. Benge served as vice president of compression services of CSI from September 2010 through July 2014. From September 2009 to September 2010, Mr. Benge served as vice president of Eastern region compression services of CSI. Mr. Benge joined CSI in February 2008 and served as project manager until September 2009. From 1984 to 2007, Mr. Benge served in multiple roles at Exterran including; vice president of operations, multiple mergers and acquisitions positions and various supervisory positions. Mr. Benge began his career in 1979 as a natural gas 
 
 56 

compressor and engine mechanic for Halliburton in Central Texas. Mr. Benge has more than 35 years of industry experience, and he attended Tarleton State University. 
 
 Levent Caglar has served as Vice President of Fleet Management of our general partner since August 2015. Mr. Caglar joined CSI in 2001 as an International Application Engineer and served in a variety of roles including Lean Six-Sigma Black Belt, Asset Manager, and Director of Rental Fleet Management Services through July 2015. Most recently he served as the company s Director of Asset Management. Mr. Caglar holds a Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering from Galatasaray University, Istanbul, Turkey and a Master of Business Administration from The University of Texas at Dallas. He is also an active member in the Gas Compressor Association, participating extensively in the statistical and environmental committees. 
 
 Anthony D. Speer has served as Vice President of Manufacturing of our general partner since August 2014. Mr. Speer served as vice president of manufacturing and supply chain of CSI from January 2014 through July 2014. After joining CSI in April 2006, Mr. Speer progressed through various roles including; director-manufacturing, director-engineering and manufacturing and vice president of engineering and manufacturing. From 1991 to 2006, Mr. Speer worked for Halliburton. He served for three years as a manufacturing engineer for Halliburton and was nominated to participate in the Halliburton Management Program. After graduating from this program in 1996, he served in various leadership roles within Halliburton s manufacturing organization. He began as a shop supervisor and eventually served as a plant manager. Mr. Speer holds a B.S. degree in Industrial Engineering from Texas A M University and currently serves as a member of the Advisory Board for the Gas Compressor Association. 
 
 Board Meetings and Committees 
 
 During 2016, the Board held fourteen meetings. The standing committees of the Board during 2016 consisted of an Audit Committee and a Conflicts Committee. During 2016, the Audit Committee held four meetings, and the Conflicts Committee held no formal meetings. 
 
 Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is currently composed of Mr. Larson, as Chairman, and Messrs. Harrison and Sullivan. The purposes of the Audit Committee are to (i) oversee the financial and reporting processes of the Partnership and the general partner, and the audit of the Partnership s financial statements, (ii) assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with regard to the integrity of the Partnership s financial statements, the Partnership s and the general partners compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the qualifications, independence and performance of the Partnership s independent registered public accounting firm, and the effectiveness and performance of the Partnership s and the general partner s internal audit function, and (iii) perform such other functions as the Board may assign from time to time. The Audit Committee has sole authority to retain and terminate our independent registered public accounting firm, approve all auditing services and related fees and terms, and approve any non-audit service to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm. To promote the independence of its audit, the Audit Committee consults separately and jointly with the independent registered public accounting firm, our internal auditor, and management. 
 
 As required by NASDAQ and SEC rules regarding audit committees, the Board has reviewed the qualifications of the Audit Committee and has determined that no current committee member has a relationship with us that might interfere with the exercise of his independence from us or our affiliates. Included within such determination, the Board has determined that Messrs. Larson, Harrison, and Sullivan are independent as defined in Section 10A of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the NASDAQ. In addition, the Board has determined that Mr. Larson, the Chairman of the Audit Committee, is an audit committee financial expert within the definition established by the SEC. 
 
 Conflicts Committee. The Conflicts Committee, which was formed in April 2012, is currently composed of Mr. Harrison, as Chairman, and Mr. Larson. The purposes of the Conflicts Committee are to (i) as requested by the Board, review and evaluate any potential conflicts of interest between us and our general partner or its affiliates or us and TETRA or its subsidiaries or affiliates, and (ii) carry out any other duties assigned by the Board that relate to potential conflicts of interest between us and our general partner or its affiliates or us and TETRA or its subsidiaries or affiliates. The Conflicts Committee has the sole authority to retain and terminate any consultants, attorneys, independent accountants or other service providers to assist it in the evaluation of conflicts matters, including the sole authority to approve their fees and other terms of retention. 

57 

As required by the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of CSI Compressco LP (as amended, the Partnership Agreement), the Board has reviewed the independence of Messrs. Harrison and Larson and has determined that each of them meets the independence standards established thereunder as required for service on the Conflicts Committee. Included within such determination, the Board has also determined that each of Messrs. Harrison and Larson is independent as defined in Section 10A of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the NASDAQ. 
 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of our common units to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common units (Forms 3, 4 and 5) with the SEC and the NASDAQ. Executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 holders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all such forms they file. 
 
 To our knowledge, and based solely on our review of the copies of such reports and written representations provided to us by certain reporting persons that no reports on Form 5 were required, we believe that during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors, and 10 holders were complied with in a timely manner, except for the following filings: 
 
 The Form 4 reporting the vesting of performance phantom units, vesting of associated dividend equivalent rights, and performance of phantom units withheld to cover taxes at vesting (3 transactions) by Ronald J. Foster filed on March 17, 2016; 
 
 The Forms 4 reporting the (i) phantom unit grant (1 transaction each) by Charles B. Benge, Ronald J. Foster, Timothy A. Knox, and Anthony D. Speer, (ii) the vesting of phantom units, vesting of associated dividend equivalent rights, and phantom units withheld to cover taxes at vesting (3 transactions each) by Charles B. Benge, Ronald J. Foster, Timothy A. Knox, Anthony D. Speer, and Elijio V. Serrano, and (iii) the phantom unit grant and vesting of dividend equivalent rights (2 transactions each) by Paul D. Coombs, James R. Larson, D. Frank Harrison, and William D. Sullivan filed on May 16, 2016; and 
 
 The Form 4 reporting the vesting of phantom units, vesting of associated dividend equivalent rights, and phantom units withheld to cover taxes at vesting (6 transactions) by Ronald J. Foster filed on June 3, 2016. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 
 Our general partner is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of TETRA and has sole responsibility for conducting our business and managing our operations. All of our executive officers and other personnel necessary for the operation of our business are employed or compensated by our general partner, our subsidiaries, or TETRA and its subsidiaries. We may refer to such individuals as our employees in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 
 
 This Compensation Discussion and Analysis CD A is designed to provide an understanding of our compensation philosophy and objectives and insight into the process by which our specific compensation practices are established. This CD A is focused on the total compensation of the President and other officers of our general partner named in the Summary Compensation Table (collectively, the Named Executive Officers or NEOs and other officers of our general partner designated as our senior managers (together with our NEOs, Senior Management ). The Compensation Committee of TETRA s Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee is responsible for the oversight of compensation programs that apply to a broad base of our employees, and for specific compensation decisions that relate to our NEOs who are employed by our general partner. Mr. Serrano, who serves as the Chief Financial Officer of TETRA, also served as our Chief Financial Officer from September 2015 through June 20, 2016. Mr. Serrano is not, nor was he previously, an employee of our general partner. Mr. Serrano s primary business responsibilities are for TETRA and he devotes less than a majority of his business time to our general partner and us. Accordingly, the Compensation Committee, acting in its capacity as such for TETRA, is responsible for establishing Mr. Serrano s compensation and we have no control over Mr. Serrano s compensation. However, in recognition of the services of Mr. Serrano to us, our Board did approve an award of 26,989 performance-based phantom units to Mr. Serrano in May of 2016, pursuant to our Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan. Each phantom unit award was granted in tandem with distribution equivalent rights DERs that entitle Mr. Serrano to receive an additional number of units equal in value to any distributions we pay 
 
 58 

during the period the award is outstanding, times the number of units subject to the award. We have not formed, and do not intend to form, a compensation committee, and for the immediate future the Board intends to continue to delegate oversight of certain aspects of our compensation programs to the Compensation Committee. 
 
 Our relationship with our general partner and TETRA relating to the personnel who operate our business is governed by the Omnibus Agreement dated June 20, 2011 and amended on June 20, 2014, among us, our general partner and TETRA (as amended, the Omnibus Agreement ). Under the terms of the Omnibus Agreement, we reimburse our general partner and TETRA for certain expenses incurred on our behalf, including a portion of the compensation of employees of our general partner and TETRA who perform services on our behalf. The compensation expense allocated to us in 2016 with respect to each of our NEOs, other than Mr. Serrano, was 100 of their total compensation, since each of our NEOs, other than Mr. Serrano, devote virtually all of their business time to our operations. Under our Omnibus Agreement, certain corporate and administrative departments of TETRA allocate a percentage of their costs to us for reimbursement for services provided by them on our behalf. While Mr. Serrano s department makes such an allocation under the Omnibus Agreement, no portion of such expenses is specifically based on Mr. Serrano's time and there is no reimbursement by us specifically for the cost of Mr. Serrano s services. Accordingly, the compensation disclosed herein for our NEOs other than Mr. Serrano reflects all of the compensation expense that is payable by us under the Omnibus Agreement with regard to such individuals. None of the cash compensation or other benefits made available to Mr. Serrano by TETRA was based on the specific services he provided to us and therefore only the equity awards made to Mr. Serrano pursuant to our Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan are discussed herein. Please read the section titled Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence below for additional information regarding our reimbursement of expenses. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 
 We are a provider of compression services and equipment for natural gas and oil production, gathering, transportation, processing, and storage. We sell standard and custom-designed compressor packages and oilfield fluid pump systems, and provide aftermarket services and compressor package parts and components manufactured by third-party suppliers. We provide these compression services and equipment to a broad base of natural gas and oil exploration and production, midstream, and transmission companies operating throughout many of the onshore producing regions of the United States as well as in a number of foreign countries, including Mexico, Canada, and Argentina. 
 
 As a result of our relationship with TETRA, the compensation of our NEOs is structured in a manner similar to TETRA s compensation of its executive officers. In addition, the compensation policies and practices of our general partner are similar to those of TETRA. Our compensation practices for fiscal year 2016 were strongly influenced by the unprecedented decline in oil and natural gas prices that began in June 2014 and continued through 2015 and most of 2016. The Compensation Committee gave significant weight to our 2016 results and expected activity levels in 2017 in its consideration of our executive compensation. 
 
 The following CD A addresses our compensation practices, philosophies and objectives as they relate to our NEOs and other members of our Senior Management who are employed by our general partner. Because TETRA makes all decisions regarding the compensation for Mr. Serrano, those decisions are not discussed in this CD A and unless specified to the contrary below, references in the following CD A to NEOs, executive officers, or Senior Management do not include Mr. Serrano. The total compensation paid by TETRA to Mr. Serrano in 2016 will be disclosed in TETRA s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 5, 2017. 
 
 Impact of the Industry Downturn on Compensation 
 
 The recent unprecedented and lengthy downturn experienced by the oil and gas industry and its service providers had a significant impact on several elements of Senior Management compensation: 
 
 Reductions in Base Pay. As part of our ongoing cost reduction efforts, in May of 2016 the Compensation Committee approved 10 reductions in the base salaries of each of our NEOs, with the exception of Mr. Coffie, who was not yet employed by us at that time. 
 
 Suspension of Company Match under 401(K) Plan. As part of our cost reduction efforts, in May of 2016 TETRA suspended making matching contributions under the 401(K) Plan, which impacted all of our NEOs who were participants in the plan at that time. 
 
 59 

No Payout of 2016 Annual Cash Incentive Awards. Based on our actual 2016 performance compared to specified performance measures established by the Compensation Committee for our 2016 annual cash incentive awards, no portion of the target amounts of such awards granted to our NEOs was earned. 
 
 Components of Compensation 
 
 We seek to structure a balance between achieving positive short-term annual results and ensuring long-term viability and success by providing both annual and long-term incentive opportunities. The following graphic illustrates the components of the total compensation opportunities available to members of our Senior Management: 

Competitive Compensation 
 
 In order to maintain our ability to attract and retain highly-skilled executives and managers, the Compensation Committee believes that the total compensation of our NEOs and other members of Senior Management should be competitive with the market in which we compete for talent. In order to assess the competitiveness of our compensation programs, the Compensation Committee reviews compensation paid by our peer group companies as well as broader oilfield services compensation data. The Compensation Committee generally seeks to target NEO compensation near market median levels. However, target levels of NEO pay are not based on strict adherence to the market median and may vary from median levels based on a number of factors including individual performance, internal equity, and general industry conditions. Some of the challenges that we face in recruiting and retaining highly-skilled executives and senior management include: 
 
 The decline in the market price for our common units has decreased the retention value of equity awards granted to our executives in recent years. Although many companies in the oilfield services industry have experienced similar market price declines beginning in the second half of 2014 and throughout 2015 and 2016, the reduced value of our executives' outstanding equity awards creates an opportunity for our peer group companies or other companies seeking to fill open positions. 
 
 As a result of the cost reduction measures we have undertaken, most members of our Senior Management have not received an increase in annual base pay since 2014. In addition, as disclosed above, in May of 2016 the Compensation Committee approved 10 reductions in the base salaries of each of our NEOs except Mr. Coffie, who was not yet employed by us at that time. As of the date of this filing, the base salary of each impacted NEO is still reduced 10 from its level as of January 1, 2016. 
 
 In evaluating the competitiveness of our compensation programs, the Compensation Committee gives significant consideration to these challenges. From time-to-time, the Compensation Committee may increase individual NEO and Senior Management compensation levels in order to protect our investment in their talent. 
 
 Pay for Performance 
 
 In establishing target compensation levels, the Compensation Committee places a significant portion of our NEOs compensation at-risk through the use of variable compensation, much of which is performance-based. Variable pay includes performance-based cash incentives for achievement of specified performance objectives on an annual basis, performance-based long-term incentives (equity and cash) that are earned only if specified long-term performance objectives are achieved, and time-based equity compensation, the long-term value of which depends on the market price for our common stock or CCLP s common units. 

60 

By weighting our NEOs target compensation toward variable pay, we ensure that the compensation earned by our NEOs is aligned with company performance, particularly over the long term. For 2016, approximately 60 of the target compensation opportunities for our CEO and 41 of the target compensation opportunities for our other NEOs were variable or at-risk. 
 
 2016 NEO Target Total Direct Compensation 
 President 
 Other NEOs 

60 Variable / At-Risk 
 41 Variable / At-Risk 

2016 NEO Actual Total Direct Compensation 
 President 
 Other NEOs 

54 Variable / At-Risk 
 26 Variable / At-Risk 

61 

Key Compensation Practices and Policies 
 
 We have implemented and continue to maintain compensation practices and policies that we believe contribute to good governance. 
 What We Do 
 What We Don t Do 
 Use performance measure to align pay with performance 
 Our annual cash incentives are subject to a claw-back provision, as are our equity awards 
 The compensation consultant is retained directly by the Compensation Committee and does not provide any services to management 
 Every member of the Compensation Committee is independent as defined in the listing standards of the NYSE and NASDAQ 
 We have adopted procedures for grants of equity awards that provide guidelines under which annual and other equity awards may be granted 
 Our insider trading policy prohibits transactions involving short sales, the buying or selling of puts calls or other derivative instruments, and transactions involving certain forms of hedging or monetization 
 Provide tax gross-ups or executive perquisites 
 Allow single-trigger severance or change of control agreements 

In summary, our compensation philosophies and programs are subject to a thorough process that includes input and recommendations from management, the Compensation Committee, the Board, and/or TETRA's Chief Operating Officer ("COO") and CEO, as well as review and approval by the Compensation Committee, the Board, and/or TETRA s COO and CEO, as appropriate, the advice of an independent, third-party consultant engaged by the Compensation Committee from time to time, and guidelines concerning the granting of our equity awards. 
 
 Oversight of Executive Compensation Program 
 
 The Board has appointed the Compensation Committee to discharge many of its responsibilities relating to the compensation of our executive officers. The Compensation Committee is composed entirely of independent, non-management members of TETRA s Board of Directors, and each member is compensated by fees and equity compensation from TETRA. In its annual review process, TETRA s Board of Directors has determined that none of the Compensation Committee members have any material business relationships with us. 
 
 Similar to its responsibilities with regard to TETRA s employees, the responsibilities of the Compensation Committee with regard to our employees include the following: 
 
 establishing a compensation philosophy to support our overall business strategy and objectives and a compensation strategy to attract and retain executive talent, motivate executive officers to improve their performance and our financial performance, and otherwise implement the compensation philosophy; 
 
 annually reviewing and establishing annual and long-term performance goals and objectives for our Senior Management that are intended to implement our compensation philosophy and strategy; 
 
 annually reviewing the performance of our President and other NEOs against established performance goals and objectives; 
 
 annually reviewing the compensation of our NEOs, including annual salary, performance-based cash incentive awards, and other cash incentive opportunities including long-term incentive opportunities against each NEOs' individual performance evaluation, and any other matter relating to the compensation of the NEOs which the Compensation Committee considers appropriate; 
 
 reviewing at least annually all equity-based compensation plans and arrangements, including the amount of equity remaining available for issuance under those plans, and making recommendations to the Board regarding the need to amend existing plans or to adopt new plans for the purposes of implementing the Compensation Committee s goals regarding equity-based compensation; 
 
 reviewing at least annually all non-equity-based components of compensation paid to or available to the NEOs, which may include salary, cash incentives (both performance-based and otherwise), long-term incentive compensation, perquisites, and other personal benefits, to determine the appropriateness of each component in light of our compensation philosophy and strategy; 
 
 62 

reviewing all employment, severance, change of control, or other compensation agreements or arrangements to be entered into or otherwise established with our NEOs; 
 
 reviewing and discussing with management our annual CD A for inclusion in our annual proxy statement or Form 10-K; 
 
 reviewing matters relating to management succession, including compensation related issues; and 
 
 evaluating whether any compensation consultant retained by the Compensation Committee has any conflict of interest in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements. 
 
 Overview of Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 
 
 In order to recruit and retain highly qualified and competent individuals as Senior Management, we strive to maintain a compensation program that is competitive in the labor markets in which we operate. Our guiding philosophy is to maintain an executive compensation program that will attract, retain, motivate, and reward highly qualified and talented individuals to enable us to perform better than our competitors. The following are our key objectives in setting the compensation programs for our Senior Management: 
 
 design competitive total compensation programs that enhance our ability to attract and retain knowledgeable and experienced Senior Management; 
 
 motivate our Senior Management to deliver outstanding financial performance and meet or exceed general and specific business, operational, and individual performance objectives; 
 
 establish salary and annual cash incentive compensation levels that reflect competitive market practices in relevant markets and are generally within the median range for the relevant peer group; 
 
 provide long-term incentive compensation opportunities that are consistent with our overall compensation philosophy; 
 
 provide a significant percentage of total compensation that is at risk, or variable, based on predetermined performance measures and objectives; and 
 
 ensure that a significant portion of the total compensation package is determined by equity value, thus assuring an alignment of Senior Management with our unitholders. 
 
 Implementation and Management of Compensation Programs 
 
 Role of the Compensation Committee. Our Board has appointed the Compensation Committee to discharge many of its responsibilities relating to the compensation of our executive officers. With regard to certain actions that must be taken directly by our Board, the Compensation Committee provides recommendations to the Board that are consistent with our compensation philosophy, programs, and objectives, which are largely a reflection of TETRA s compensation philosophy, programs, and objectives. 
 
 The Compensation Committee has the authority to retain compensation consultants, outside counsel, or other advisers to assist the committee in the discharge of its duties. In any given year, the Compensation Committee bases its decision on whether to retain a compensation consultant on factors including prevailing market conditions, regulatory changes governing executive compensation, and the quality of any other relevant data that may be available. If a compensation consultant is engaged with respect to our compensation programs, the Chairman of the Compensation Committee maintains a direct line of communication with the consultant and arranges meetings with the consultant that may include other members of the committee and/or our President, TETRA s CEO and certain members of TETRA s senior management, including TETRA's COO. The Compensation Committee, and/or its Chairman, also periodically meets with the compensation consultant independently of management. Through this communication with the Chairman of the Compensation Committee, the consultant reports to, and acts at the discretion of, the Compensation Committee. 
 
 Role of Compensation Consultant. In October 2015, the Compensation Committee retained the services of Pearl Meyer Partners ("Pearl Meyer"), an independent provider of compensation consulting services, to assist the Compensation Committee in its review of our 2015 compensation programs, and its consideration of prospective changes for 2016. Before engaging Pearl Meyer, the Compensation Committee confirmed that Pearl Meyer does not provide other services to us, to our general partner, or to TETRA; has procedures in place to prevent conflicts of interest; and, does not have a business or personal relationship with any of the executive officers of our general partner, any of TETRA s executive officers, or any member of the Compensation Committee. The individual consultants involved in the engagement do not own our limited partner units, nor do they own 
 
 63 

TETRA s common stock. The Compensation Committee discussed these considerations and concluded that there were no conflicts of interest with respect to the consulting services provided by Pearl Meyer. 
 
 Role of our President. Our President makes recommendations to the Compensation Committee with regard to salary adjustments and the annual and long-term incentives to be provided to our Senior Management, excluding himself. TETRA's COO and CEO make recommendations to the Compensation Committee with regard to salary adjustments and the annual and long-term incentives to be provided to our President. Based upon his judgment and experience and in consultation with TETRA s COO and CEO, taking into consideration available industry-based compensation surveys and other compensation data and analysis, including data provided by the Compensation Committee s consultant, if one is retained for that year, our President annually reviews with the Compensation Committee specific compensation recommendations for Senior Management. In preparation for these evaluations, the Compensation Committee reviews an annual compensation report that presents current annual base salaries, annual incentive targets, annual incentives earned and the values of outstanding equity-based and other long-term compensation, to provide the Compensation Committee with a detailed picture of how the various components of total compensation paid or to be paid to each member of Senior Management, including our President, aggregate in the current year. 
 
 In its review of the annual compensation report and its consideration of whether changes in compensation recommended by the President and TETRA's COO and CEO are in line with our overall compensation philosophy, current competitive market conditions, and current economic conditions, the Compensation Committee considers performance evaluations of and compensation recommendations for each member of Senior Management as well as its own performance evaluations of Senior Management, and, if a compensation consultant is retained for that year, the analysis and report of the compensation consultant. The Compensation Committee reviews the annual compensation report among themselves and with our President and TETRA s CEO and approves any prospective changes in compensation for Senior Management other than our President. The Compensation Committee, in an executive session that includes TETRA s CEO, establishes the compensation for our President. 
 
 Timing of Compensation Decisions. The annual compensation report is typically distributed to the Compensation Committee and TETRA s CEO prior to TETRA s December board and committee meetings. The Compensation Committee reviews the annual compensation report, information and recommendations provided by its compensation consultant, if any for that year, and such other information as it considers relevant, and typically approves prospective changes in compensation for employees over which it has decision-making authority. Also at its December meeting, the Compensation Committee typically reviews a preliminary estimate of the aggregate amount of annual cash incentive compensation that may be awarded based on performance during the current year. Based upon audited full-year financial results, the actual aggregate amount of the annual cash incentive compensation to be paid is finalized and approved and the specific amounts to be paid to our Senior Management, including our President, are reviewed and approved by the Compensation Committee typically at a meeting held during the first quarter of the following year. 
 
 Compensation Elements 
 
 We strongly believe that Senior Management should be compensated with a package that includes, at a minimum, the following three elements: 
 
 salary and industry standard benefits, 
 
 performance-based annual incentive compensation, and 
 
 equity-based long-term incentive compensation. 
 
 A significant portion of the total prospective compensation paid to each member of Senior Management should be tied to measurable financial and operational objectives. These objectives may include absolute performance and performance relative to a peer group. During periods when performance meets or exceeds established objectives, Senior Management should be paid at or above the levels targeted for such objectives. When objectives are not met, incentive award payments, if any, should be less than levels targeted for such objectives. The Compensation Committee seeks to structure a balance between achieving strong short-term annual results and ensuring long-term viability and success. To reinforce the importance of this balance, we provide each member of Senior Management with both short-term and long-term incentives. Currently, short-term incentive opportunities for Senior Management are in the form of annual cash incentives that are based on both objective performance criteria and subjective criteria. Long-term incentives generally include equity awards that typically vest over multiple years and performance-based equity awards that vest at the end of a three-year period 
 
 64 

based on the level of attainment of established performance objectives. While the mix of salary, annual cash incentives, and long-term incentives earned by Senior Management can vary from year-to-year depending on individual performance and on our overall performance, the Compensation Committee believes that long-term incentives, the potential future value of which is heavily contingent on our long-term success, should constitute a significant portion of total compensation in any one year. 
 
 Salary. We believe that a competitive salary program and industry standard benefits are important factors in our ability to attract and retain talented Senior Management employees. The Compensation Committee typically reviews relevant compensation data and analysis provided by its compensation consultant, if one is retained for that year, or by management if no compensation consultant is engaged, to ensure that our salary program is competitive. In this respect, the Compensation Committee uses the survey data and compensation paid by peer companies as a market check on the salaries and other elements of compensation it establishes. The Compensation Committee reviews the salaries of all members of our Senior Management at least annually. Base salaries may be adjusted for performance, which may be individual or company-wide performance, expansion of duties, and changes in market salary levels. In considering salary adjustments each year, the Compensation Committee gives weight to the foregoing factors, with particular emphasis on corporate performance goals, our President s analysis and TETRA's COO's and CEO's analysis of each individual s performance, and their specific compensation recommendations. However, the Compensation Committee does not rely on formulas and considers all factors when considering salary adjustments. 
 
 In its December 2015 review of our Senior Management compensation, the Compensation Committee noted that industry market conditions and our internal budgeted forecast suggested that 2016 would be a challenging year for us, and in the interest of taking a proactive approach to cost containment, the Compensation Committee did not approve increases in base salary for our President or other NEOs. 
 
 In May of 2016, as part of our cost reduction efforts and in connection with broad-based salary and workweek reductions implemented for most of our U.S. employee population, the Compensation Committee approved a 10 reduction in the base salaries of all of our NEOs as of that date. The following table sets forth the base salaries that were in effect for our NEOs as of January 1, 2016, and base salaries following the May 2016 reduction that remained in effect as of year end. Mr. Coffie was first employed by us in June of 2016, and his base salary was not subject to reduction. 
 Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Base Salary as of January 1, 2016 
 
 Base Salary as of December 31, 2016 
 Timothy A. Knox 
 
 President 

400,000 

360,000 
 
 Derek C. Coffie 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

250,000 
 
 Ronald J. Foster 
 
 Sr. Vice President Chief Marketing Officer 
 
 325,000 

292,500 
 
 C. Brad Benge 
 
 Vice President of Operations 
 
 240,000 

216,000 
 
 Levent Caglar 
 
 Vice President of Fleet Management 
 
 195,012 

175,511 

Performance-Based Cash Incentives. Our NEOs and other key employees are eligible to receive annual performance-based cash incentive awards pursuant to TETRA s Cash Incentive Compensation Plan. The Cash Incentive Compensation Plan was adopted by TETRA s Board of Directors to provide greater focus on TETRA s strategic business objectives, further its compensation philosophy, emphasize pay-for-performance, and provide competitive compensation opportunities. 
 
 Annual Performance-Based Cash Incentives . While the amount of each award paid to members of our Senior Management under TETRA s Cash Incentive Compensation Plan is subject to the discretion of the Compensation Committee, the plan provides for cash award opportunities, calculated as a percentage of base salary, that are based on financial and non-financial performance measures. For each annual incentive award opportunity, a threshold, target, and stretch performance objective is established for each applicable performance measure and the amount of the award payment that may be received is based on the level of achievement of such performance objectives, subject to the discretion of the Compensation Committee. 
 
 As part of its December 2015 review of the compensation of our NEOs, the Compensation Committee reviewed a preliminary estimate of the aggregate amount of annual cash incentive compensation to be awarded 
 
 65 

under TETRA s Cash Incentive Compensation Plan based on 2015 performance, and discussed the overall effectiveness of the plan in furthering our compensation philosophy. In its consideration of changes for the 2016 plan year, the Compensation Committee did not specifically benchmark Cash Incentive Compensation Plan award opportunities relative to any survey or other compensation data. At that time, the Compensation Committee elected not to increase the percentages of base salary that determined the threshold, target, and stretch amounts of annual cash incentive opportunities for our NEOs for the 2016 plan year. 
 
 The following table sets forth the 2016 annual incentive award opportunities that were established by the Compensation Committee at its December 2015 meeting, shown as a percentage of base salary for certain of our NEOs under the Cash Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 2016 Award Opportunities - Annual Cash Incentive Compensation Plan 

Threshold 
 
 Target 
 
 Stretch 
 Timothy A. Knox 
 
 12 

60 

96 
 
 Derek C. Coffie 
 
 7 

35 

56 
 
 Ronald J. Foster 
 
 9 

45 

72 
 
 C. Brad Benge 
 
 7 

35 

56 
 
 Levent Caglar 
 
 7 

35 

56 

Under the Cash Incentive Compensation Plan, financial and non-financial performance measures may be based on performance criteria described in the plan or on such other measures as may be determined by the Compensation Committee. As part of our ongoing efforts to build a robust culture of performance and a customer-centric environment, each performance measure under the 2016 plan was aligned to one of our four C RE categories: 
 
 Customers 
 Drive to ZER 
 Returns 
 Employees 

Recognizing that our continuing ability to generate earnings and remain in compliance with our debt covenants would be a critical focus for 2016, the Compensation Committee approved Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and before certain non-cash charges, consisting of impairments, bad debt expense attributable to bankruptcy of customer, equity compensation, costs of compressors sold, fair value adjustments of our Preferred Units, and gain on extinguishment of debt, administrative expenses under the Omnibus Agreement to be paid using common units, and excluding acquisition and transaction costs and severance) and DCF as the primary financial performance measures in the "Returns" category for the 2016 performance period. Other performance measures approved by the Compensation Committee include: EBITDA from revenue initiatives; average annual fleet utilization; health and safety measures including TRIR, chargeable vehicle incident rates, and behavioral based observation participation; the retention rate of employees designated as high value and completion of four assigned training modules through our performance management system. 
 
 Under the Cash Incentive Compensation Plan, actual results must reach the minimum threshold level of 70 of established target performance objectives for any payments to be earned. For 2016, at the discretion of the Compensation Committee, the threshold performance level for the distributable cash flow performance measure was set at 86.9 of target performance, and it was determined that no amounts under the 2016 plan would be paid out, regardless of achievement, unless the distributable cash flow threshold was achieved. The following table shows each performance measure for our NEOs, the C RE strategy to which it aligns, and the target performance objective under our 2016 annual incentive plan: 
 
 66 

Strategy 
 Performance Measure 
 Target Performance Objective 
 CUSTOMERS 
 Develop new business, retain customers and manage price to protect market share 
 EBITDA from Revenue Initiatives 
 9.2 million 
 Fleet Utilization 
 87.5 by year-end 
 DRIVE to ZER 
 Change behaviors, identify hazards, and manage risks to 
 Drive to Zero incidents 
 TRIR (1) 
 1.2 
 CVIR (1) 
 0.59 
 BBO Participation (1) 
 70 
 RETURNS 
 Identify synergies, optimize costs and leverage to safeguard profitability 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 124.8 million 
 Distributable Cash Flow 
 76.4 million 
 EMPLOYEES 
 Train, retain, and recognize 
 high value employees to 
 improve performance 
 Retention 
 90 of high value employees 
 Performance Review 
 Annual Review 
 Training 
 1 training completed per quarter, per employee 

(1) Total Recordable Incident Rate, Chargeable Vehicle Incident Rate, and Behavioral Based Observation Participation 
 
 The relative weight of specific performance measures varies based on each participant's responsibilities; however, for each NEO, performance measures in the Returns category comprise 60 - 70 of the total target annual incentive, reflecting our NEOs significant focus on generating strong financial returns. The following table shows the weight of each C RE category in each NEOs total award opportunity. For categories in which there is more than one performance measure (such as in the Drive to Zero category) each performance measure within the category carries an equal weight. Individual performance objectives IPOs for each NEO are aligned to the C RE strategies and were approved by the Committee in February of 2016. 

CUSTOMERS 
 DRIVE TO ZER 
 RETURNS 
 EMPLOYEES 
 IPOs 
 TOTAL WEIGHT 
 Timothy A. Knox 
 10 
 5 
 70 
 5 
 10 
 100 
 Derek C. Coffie 
 10 
 10 
 60 
 5 
 15 
 100 
 Ronald J. Foster 
 10 
 5 
 70 
 5 
 10 
 100 
 C. Brad Benge 
 10 
 10 
 60 
 5 
 15 
 100 
 Levent Caglar 
 10 
 10 
 60 
 5 
 15 
 100 

As actual 2016 results for the distributable cash flow performance measure did not reach the required threshold level of performance, the Compensation Committee deemed that no payouts had been earned for the 2016 plan year. 
 
 Equity Incentive Awards. Equity incentives consisting primarily of awards of CSI Compressco phantom units and performance phantom units comprise a significant portion of our NEOs total compensation package. The Compensation Committee seeks to strike a balance between achieving short-term annual results and ensuring strong long-term success through its use of equity awards, which are geared toward longer-term performance as they generally, though not always, vest ratably over a three-year period, and their values are materially affected by market price appreciation of the underlying security. 
 
 Our Board has adopted the CSI Compressco LP Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan (the 2011 Plan ). The purpose of the 2011 Plan is to promote our interests by enabling us to grant incentive compensation awards based on our units to employees, officers, consultants, and directors of our general partner and its affiliates who provide services to us. The 2011 Plan is also intended to enhance our ability to attract and 
 
 67 

retain the services of individuals who are essential to our growth and profitability, and to encourage those individuals to devote their best efforts to advancing our business. The 2011 Plan seeks to achieve these purposes by providing for grants of restricted units, phantom units, unit awards, and other unit-based awards. 
 
 Our Board has appointed the Compensation Committee to administer the 2011 Plan and grant awards under the plan as it relates to individuals who, with respect to the Partnership, are not subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Our Board has retained the authority to grant awards to individuals who, with respect to the Partnership, are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act Section 16 Reporting Persons ), and to administer the 2011 Plan and awards thereunder as they relate to such individuals. Subject to the provisions of the 2011 Plan, the Compensation Committee or our Board, as applicable, may (i) designate participants to whom awards may be granted; (ii) determine the type or types of awards to be made; (iii) determine the number of units covered by an award and the terms or conditions of an award, consistent with the terms of the 2011 Plan; (iv) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances awards may be vested, settled, exercised, cancelled, or forfeited; (v) interpret and administer the 2011 Plan, and any instrument or agreement relating to an award made under the 2011 Plan; (vi) establish, amend, suspend, or waive any rules and regulations and appoint such agents as it deems appropriate for the proper administration of the 2011 Plan; (vii) make any other determination and take any other action that it deems necessary or advisable for the administration of the 2011 Plan; and (viii) correct any defect, supply any omission, or reconcile any inconsistency in the 2011 Plan or in any award under the plan. 
 
 Our Board and the Compensation Committee have each adopted the Procedures for Grants of Awards Under the CSI Compressco Equity Incentive Compensation Plans (the Grant Procedures to assist in the administration of our equity compensation plans. In February of 2017, our Board and the Compensation Committee amended the Grant Procedures to provide, among other things, that grants of annual awards would be made to eligible CSI Compressco employees each year on the date of the Compensation Committee's meeting generally held in late February. With respect to such annual awards, based on the Compensation Committee's determination of the aggregate number of awards that may be granted under the 2011 Plan in a given year, the Compensation Committee or our Board, as applicable, will review and consider individual grants proposed by Mr. Knox and TETRA's CEO and make any adjustments they consider appropriate. The Compensation Committee will approve all final individual awards, except those awards proposed to be granted to Section 16 Reporting Persons, at the Compensation Committee's February meeting . The Compensation Committee will recommend to our Board the approval of the proposed awards to Section 16 Reporting Persons, including our NEOs. Our Board will review and consider the individual grants to Section 16 Reporting Persons recommended by the Compensation Committee, make any adjustments it considers appropriate, and approve all final individual awards to Section 16 Reporting Persons, including our NEOs, at a meeting of our Board or by a unanimous consent in lieu of a meeting. 
 With respect to the contemplated annual awards to be made to non-employee directors, it is anticipated that such awards will consist of phantom units. Each award to a non-employee director will have an aggregate market value as of the date of grant in an amount determined by our Board. The value of such annual equity award is currently set at 60,000. Such annual awards will be approved at a meeting of the Board or by a unanimous consent in lieu of a meeting in early May of each year. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, one-third portions of such awards will become vested on the date of grant, and additional one-third portions of such awards will vest in January and May of the subsequent year. 
 
 The Compensation Committee has delegated to the TETRA CEO its authority to grant special inducement, merit, and retention awards under the 2011 Plan, and any future equity plans to individuals who are not and are not expected to become, in the near term, Section 16 Reporting Persons from a pool of such awards authorized by the Compensation Committee each year. The Compensation Committee, our Board, and TETRA's CEO will consider refraining from making awards other than our annual grants if the committee, our Board, TETRA's CEO, or our executive management are aware of any material, non-public information regarding us or our affiliates. 
 On May 2, 2016, the Compensation Committee and our Board approved awards of time-based phantom units to our Senior Management and certain of our employees. Each phantom unit award was granted in tandem with distribution equivalent rights DERs that entitle the award holder to receive an additional number of units equal in value to any distributions we pay during the period the award is outstanding times the number of units subject to the award. The phantom units and tandem DERs will vest ratably over the three-year period following the date of grant. In addition, consistent with our philosophy of basing a significant portion of our Senior Management's compensation on performance, also on May 2, 2016, our Board granted awards of performance-based phantom units with tandem DERs to members of our Senior Management as of that date. In addition, the 
 
 68 

Board granted awards of performance-based phantom units to Mr. Serrano on such date. The performance-based unit awards cover the performance period of January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2018, and under such award, up to 200 of the "Target" number of phantom units granted under the award may be earned based on our three-year cumulative distributable cash flow DCF per outstanding unit for the performance period ending December 31, 2018, relative to the performance objectives established by our Board. 
 
 The following table sets forth the number of time-based phantom units and/or performance-based phantom units awarded to our NEOs, other than Mr. Coffie, in May 2016, and the time-based phantom units awarded to Mr. Coffie in June 2016. The aggregate grant date fair value of these awards was determined in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718. 

Number of 
 Time-Based 
 Phantom Units 
 
 Number of Performance-Based Phantom Units 
 
 Aggregate Grant 
 Date Fair Value 
 Of Unit Awards 
 Timothy A. Knox 
 
 25,569 

25,569 

427,514 
 
 Derek C. Coffie 
 
 25,189 

200,001 
 
 Elijio V. Serrano 

26,989 

225,628 
 
 Ronald J. Foster 
 
 4,262 

4,262 

71,261 
 
 C. Brad Benge 
 
 8,523 

8,523 

142,505 
 
 Levent Caglar 
 
 5,682 

5,682 

95,003 

While the Compensation Committee does consider the general compensation practices of other companies in the oil and gas services industry in establishing equity incentive compensation opportunities, it does not specifically benchmark the value of equity awards relative to any survey, peer group, or other compensation data. The Compensation Committee does, however, annually review the equity compensation practices of other companies in our industry in order to gain a general impression of the proportionate share of equity award value in the total compensation packages they offer. 
 
 Three-Year Performance Phantom Unit Awards Granted in 2014 . In May 2014, our Board approved awards of performance-based phantom units with tandem DERs to certain officers as of such date, including Mr. Foster. The performance-based phantom unit awards covered the performance period of January 1, 2014 through December 31, 2016 and under such awards, up to 200 of the "Target" number of phantom units granted under the award could be earned based on our three-year cumulative DCF per outstanding unit for the performance period ending December 31, 2016, relative to the following performance objectives established by our Board: 
 3-Year Cumulative DCF per Outstanding Unit 
 Percentage of Phantom Units Earned 
 Less than 7.07 
 
 7.61 
 50 
 8.28 (Target) 
 100 
 10.05 
 150 
 > 11.75 (Maximum) 
 200 

For DCF per outstanding unit amounts that fell between any of the performance objectives set forth above, straight line interpolation was to be used to determine the specific number of phantom units earned. In February of 2017, our Board determined that the required threshold performance objective for the three-year cumulative DCF per outstanding unit performance measure had not been met, and based on such determination, none of the units awarded had been earned. 
 
 Tax Deductibility of Compensation 
 
 With respect to the deduction limitations under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), we are a limited partnership and do not meet the definition of a corporation under Section 
 
 69 

162(m). Nonetheless, the taxable compensation paid to each of the NEOs in 2014 was less than the Section 162(m) threshold of 1,000,000. 
 
 Retirement, Health and Welfare Benefits 
 
 Our employees, as employees of a TETRA affiliate, are eligible to participate in a variety of health and welfare and retirement programs. TETRA is the sponsor of each of these benefit programs. Members of our Senior Management are generally eligible for the same benefit programs on the same basis as the broad-base of our employees. Our health and welfare programs are intended to protect employees against catastrophic loss and to encourage a healthy lifestyle. These health and welfare programs include medical, wellness, pharmacy, dental, life insurance, short-term and long-term disability insurance, and insurance against accidental death and disability. 
 
 401(k) Plan. Due to our relationship with TETRA, our employees are eligible to participate in TETRA s 401(k) Retirement Plan (the 401(k) Plan ), which is intended to supplement a participant s personal savings and social security. Under the 401(k) Plan, eligible employees may contribute on a pretax basis up to 70 of their compensation, subject to an annual maximum established under the Code. Our general partner generally makes a matching contribution under the 401(k) Plan equal to 50 of the first 6 of a participant s annual compensation that is contributed to the 401(k) Plan; however, in connection with other cost reduction efforts, the matching contribution was suspended in May of 2016. All employees (other than nonresident aliens) who have reached the age of eighteen and have completed six months of service with us are eligible to participate in the 401(k) Plan. 
 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan. Certain of our Senior Management, directors, and certain other key employees have the opportunity to participate in TETRA s Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan, which is an unfunded, deferred compensation program. Under the program, participants may defer a specified portion of their annual total cash compensation, including salary and performance-based cash incentive, subject to certain established minimums. The amounts deferred increase or decrease depending on the deemed investment elections selected by the participant from among various hypothetical investment election options. Deferral contributions and earnings credited to such contributions are 100 vested and may be distributed in cash at a time selected by the participant and irrevocably designated on the participant s deferral form. In-service distributions may not be withdrawn until two years following the participant s initial enrollment. Notwithstanding the participant s deferral election, the participant will receive distribution of his deferral account if the participant becomes disabled or dies, or upon a change in control. None of our NEOs participated in the Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan during 2016 . 
 
 Perquisites 
 
 Perquisites perks are not a material component of our compensation. In general, NEOs do not receive reimbursements for meals, airline and travel costs other than those costs allowed for all employees, or for tickets to sporting events or entertainment events, unless such tickets are used for business purposes. Messrs. Knox, Foster, Benge, and Caglar receive car allowances or are entitled to the use of a company-owned vehicle, as is the case for all of our sales and field service personnel. In September of 2016, Mr. Knox began receiving a monthly housing allowance that will be paid for one year (until September 2017) to assist in his transition to The Woodlands facility. During 2016, except for Mr. Knox's housing allowance and the car allowances (or the use of a company-owned car) for Messrs. Knox, Foster, Benge, and Caglar, no NEO received an allowance from us for any of the above or a reimbursement for any expense incurred for non-business purposes. 
 
 Employment Agreements 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of CSI, on July 31, 2014, we entered into employment agreements with Messrs. Knox and Benge (the Employment Agreements ), which became effective upon the closing of the CSI acquisition on August 4, 2014, and were subsequently amended on May 9, 2016 to reduce the salary paid thereunder in connection with our cost cutting efforts. The Employment Agreements, as amended, set forth the following annual base salary and target annual cash incentive bonus opportunity for each NEO: for Mr. Knox, annualized base salary of a minimum of 360,000 and eligibility to receive a target annual cash incentive bonus equal to 60 of his base salary; and, for Mr. Benge, annualized base salary of a minimum of 216,000 and eligibility to receive a target annual cash incentive bonus equal to 35 of his base salary. 
 
 Beginning in May 2015, Messrs. Knox and Benge became eligible to participate in annual grants of equity-based compensation on a basis consistent with other of our executive officers. Messrs. Knox and Benge are also 
 
 70 

provided the use of a vehicle provided by us or an automobile allowance in lieu of such vehicle. In the event the employment of Mr. Knox or Benge is terminated by us without Cause or by such individual for Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the Employment Agreements) within the initial three-year employment period, such individual shall be entitled to receive, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions including the execution and non-revocation of a release agreement, severance benefits including the payment of his base salary and continuation of medical and dental insurance coverage for the remaining term of the initial employment period, the payment of any unpaid Annual Bonus (as defined in the Employment Agreements) for the preceding calendar year, a pro-rata payment of any Annual Bonus earned for the year in which such termination occurs, and full acceleration of the phantom units granted on August 5, 2014, as described above. The Employment Agreements also contain certain confidentiality, nonsolicitation, and noncompetition restrictions applicable to each NEO for the periods specified therein. 
 
 Effective as of August 4, 2014, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Foster (the Foster Employment Agreement ), that was subsequently amended on May 9, 2016 to reduce the salary paid thereunder in connection with our cost cutting efforts. Pursuant to the Foster Employment Agreement, Mr. Foster receives an annualized base salary of a minimum of 292,500 and he is eligible to receive a target annual cash incentive bonus equal to 45 of his base salary. Mr. Foster is eligible to participate in annual grants of equity-based compensation on a basis consistent with our other officers. In the event Mr. Foster s employment is terminated by us without Cause or by Mr. Foster for Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the Foster Employment Agreement) within the initial three-year employment period, Mr. Foster shall be entitled to receive, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions including the execution and non-revocation of a release agreement, severance benefits including the payment of his base salary and continuation of medical and dental insurance coverage for the remaining term of the initial employment period, the payment of any unpaid Annual Bonus (as defined in the Foster Employment Agreement) for the preceding calendar year and a pro-rata payment of any Annual Bonus earned for the year in which such termination occurs. In addition, the vesting of certain phantom units awarded to Mr. Foster will be fully accelerated. The Foster Employment Agreement also contains certain confidentiality, nonsolicitation, and noncompetition restrictions applicable to Mr. Foster for the periods specified therein. 
 
 Double Trigger Change of Control Agreements 
 
 We have entered into change of control agreements (the COC Agreements with Messrs. Knox and Foster. The COC Agreements have an initial two-year term, with automatic one-year extensions on the second anniversary of the effective date and every anniversary date thereafter, unless a cancellation notice is given at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the then applicable term. Under the COC Agreements, we have an obligation to provide certain benefits to each applicable NEO upon a qualifying termination event that occurs in connection with or within two years following a change of control of us or TETRA. A qualifying termination event under the COC Agreements includes the termination of the NEO's employment with us other than for Cause (as that term is defined in the COC Agreement) or termination by the NEO for Good Reason (as that term is defined in the COC Agreement). For an overview of the specific terms and conditions of the COC Agreements, please read the section titled "Potential Payments upon a Change of Control or Termination" in this Item 11, below. 
 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 
 We and each of our current directors and our NEOs have executed an indemnification agreement that provides that we will indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Limited Partnership, Bylaws, and applicable law. The indemnification agreement also provides that our directors and officers will be entitled to the advancement of fees as permitted by applicable law and sets out the procedures required for determining entitlement to and obtaining indemnification and expense advancement. In addition, our charter documents provide that each of our directors and officers and any person serving at our request as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise shall be indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by law in connection with any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding (including civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative proceedings) arising out of or in connection with his or her services to us or to another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, at our request. We purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is a director or officer of the aforementioned corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as an officer or director, subject to the terms and conditions of that insurance. In addition, Messrs. Brightman, Coombs, Serrano, Elkhoury, Knox, Foster, and Sullivan, in their capacities as directors and/or executive officers of 
 
 71 

TETRA, have executed indemnification agreements with TETRA that are substantially similar to the indemnification agreements executed by each of them in connection with their services to us, and they benefit from the protection of similar insurance. 
 
 Compensation Committee Report 
 
 Our general partner, CSI Compressco GP Inc., does not have a compensation committee. The Board of Directors of CSI Compressco GP Inc., the general partner of CSI Compressco LP, has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management and, based upon such review and discussion, has approved the Compensation Discussion and Analysis for inclusion in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Submitted by the Board of Directors of CSI Compressco GP Inc., 
 
 Stuart M. Brightman, Chairman 
 Paul D. Coombs 
 Joseph Elkhoury 
 D. Frank Harrison 
 Timothy A. Knox 
 James R. Larson 
 William D. Sullivan 

72 

Compensation of Executive Officers 
 
 Summary Compensation 
 
 The following table sets forth the compensation earned by (i) our President Principal Executive Officer ), (ii) our Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer ), (iii) our former Chief Financial Officer, who served as the Principal Financial Officer for a portion of 2016, and (iv) each of our three other most highly compensated executive officers (each a Named Executive Officer for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary 
 
 Bonus (1) 
 
 Unit Awards (2) 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Comp. 
 
 All Other Comp. (3) 
 
 Total 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 Timothy A. Knox (4) 
 
 2016 

328,769 

427,514 

41,628 

797,911 
 
 President 
 
 2015 
 
 400,000 

450,006 

121,200 

25,065 

996,271 

2014 
 
 161,540 

159,076 

700,015 

73,260 

8,805 

1,102,696 

Derek C. Coffie (5) 
 
 2016 

129,808 

200,001 

59,580 

389,389 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Elijio V. Serrano 
 
 2016 
 
 (6) 
 
 (6) 

225,628 

(6) 
 
 (6) 

225,628 
 
 Former CFO Officer 
 
 2015 
 
 (6) 
 
 (6) 
 
 375,019 

(6) 
 
 (6) 
 
 375,019 

C. Brad Benge (4) 
 
 2016 

225,231 

142,505 

16,290 

384,026 
 
 VP of Operations 
 
 2015 
 
 240,000 

117,066 

49,014 

17,729 

423,809 

2014 
 
 96,923 

64,998 

300,013 

25,641 

8,101 

495,676 

Ronald J. Foster (7) 
 
 2016 

300,813 

71,261 

60,329 

432,403 
 
 SVP, Chief Marketing Officer 
 
 2015 

325,000 

162,604 

73,856 

45,347 

606,807 

2014 
 
 305,940 

871,822 

67,488 

66,497 

1,311,747 

Levent Caglar 
 
 2016 

183,011 

95,003 

33,075 

311,089 
 
 VP of Fleet Management 

(1) 
 Pursuant to the agreement under which we acquired CSI, the amounts shown were paid by us in December 2014 and February 2015 for the performance period of October 1, 2013 through September 30, 2014 under the terms of CSI's cash incentive compensation program. 
 (2) 
 The amounts included in the Unit Awards column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of awards granted during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, as applicable, in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The grant date fair value of performance phantom unit awards granted in each year are reported based on the probable outcome of the performance conditions on the grant date. The value of the 2016 performance phantom unit awards assuming achievement of the maximum performance level would be: Mr. Knox, 427,514; Mr. Serrano, 225,628; Mr. Benge, 142,505; Mr. Foster, 71,261; and Mr. Caglar, 95,003. Phantom unit awards and performance phantom unit awards granted under the CSI Compressco equity plan on May 2, 2016 relate to our common units and are valued at 8.36 per common unit in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The phantom unit award granted to Mr. Coffie on June 20, 2016 is valued at 7.94 per common unit in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Each phantom unit award granted on May 2, 2016 and June 20, 2016 was granted in tandem with distribution equivalent rights DERs that entitle the award holder to receive an additional number of units equal in value to any distributions we pay during the period the award is outstanding times the number of units subject to the award. 
 (3) 
 The amounts reflected represent: (i) the employer paid portion of life, health, and disability insurance benefits, and matching contributions under our 401(k) Retirement Plan; (ii) for Messrs. Knox, Benge, Foster, and Caglar, the value of distribution equivalent rights settled in connection with the vesting of unit awards that relate to CSI Compressco's common units, which was 6,151 for Mr. Knox, 1,606 for Mr. Benge, 45,292 for Mr. Foster, and 17,292 for Mr. Caglar in 2016; (iii) for Messrs. Knox, Benge, Foster, and Caglar, a car allowance or the use of a company-owned vehicle; (iv) for Mr. Knox in 2016, the aggregate value of his monthly housing allowance from September through year end, which was 11,375; (v) and for Mr. Coffie in 2016, a relocation allowance under the terms of his initial offer of employment with us. 
 (4) 
 Messrs. Knox and Benge were first employed by us on August 4, 2014. Accordingly, amounts shown above for 2014, with the exception of payments shown in the "Bonus" column, reflect compensation earned during the period from August 4, 2014 through December 31, 2014. As a result of their employment in 2014, prior period information is not applicable. 
 
 73 

(5) 
 Mr. Coffie was first employed by us on June 20, 2016. Prior period information is not applicable. 
 (6) 
 Mr. Serrano is the Chief Financial Officer of TETRA, which determines his compensation. As noted above, no compensation has been reported for Mr. Serrano other than grants of phantom unit awards because none of Mr. Serrano s compensation is specifically allocated to us and no portion payable by us under the Omnibus Agreement is specifically allocated to the services provided to us by Mr. Serrano. The phantom units awarded to Mr. Serrano are also included in the Summary Compensation Table of TETRA's Proxy. 
 (7) 
 Mr. Foster served as our President until August 4, 2014. 
 
 Grants of Plan Based Awards 
 
 The following table discloses the actual number of phantom unit awards and performance phantom unit awards granted under the CSI Compressco LP Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 to each Named Executive Officer, including the grant date fair value of these awards, and the threshold, target, and maximum amounts of the annual non-equity (cash) incentive granted under TETRA s Cash Incentive Compensation Plan during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 to each Named Executive Officer. 
 
 Grants of Plan Based Awards Table 

Estimated Possible Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1) 
 
 Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards (2) 
 
 All Other Stock Awards: Number of Units 
 
 Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards (3) 
 Name 
 
 Grant Date 
 
 Threshold 
 
 Target 
 
 Maximum 
 
 Threshold 
 
 Target 
 
 Maximum 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 (#) 
 
 (#) 
 
 (#) 
 
 (#) 
 
 ) 
 Timothy A. Knox 
 
 3/2/2016 
 (1) 
 
 48,000 

240,000 

480,000 

5/2/2016 
 (4) 

2,557 
 
 25,569 
 
 51,138 

213,757 

5/2/2016 
 (5) 

25,569 

213,757 

Elijio V. Serrano 
 
 5/2/2016 
 (4) 

2,699 
 
 26,989 
 
 53,978 

225,628 

Derek C. Coffie 
 
 6/20/2016 
 (6) 

25,189 

200,001 

C. Brad Benge 
 
 3/2/2016 
 (1) 
 
 16,800 

84,000 

168,000 

5/2/2016 
 (4) 

852 
 
 8,523 
 
 17,046 

71,252 

5/2/2016 
 (5) 

8,523 

71,252 

Ronald J. Foster 
 
 3/2/2016 
 (1) 
 
 29,250 

146,250 

292,500 

5/2/2016 
 (4) 

426 
 
 4,262 
 
 8,524 

35,630 

5/2/2016 
 (5) 

4,262 

35,630 

Levent Caglar 
 
 3/2/2016 
 (1) 
 
 13,300 

66,500 

133,000 

5/2/2016 
 (4) 

568 
 
 5,682 
 
 11,364 

47,502 

5/2/2016 
 (5) 

5,682 

47,502 

(1) 
 The estimated possible payouts under non-equity incentive plan awards granted on March 2, 2016 are the threshold, target, and maximum amounts of the annual cash incentive granted for 2016 performance under TETRA s Cash Incentive Compensation Plan. No portion of such awards was earned for 2016 performance. 
 (2) 
 The equity incentive plan awards granted on May 2, 2016 are the threshold, target, and maximum numbers of our common units that may be earned under performance phantom unit awards granted under the CSI Compressco equity plan. "Threshold" is the lowest possible payout (10 of the award) and "maximum" is the highest possible payout (200 of the award). 
 (3) 
 The FASB ASC Topic 718 value of the phantom unit and performance phantom unit awards granted under the CSI Compressco equity plan on May 2, 2016 is 8.36 per unit. Performance phantom units are shown at target value. 
 (4) 
 Performance phantom unit awards granted on May 2, 2016 may be earned under the CSI Compressco equity plan based on the level of achievement of the cumulative distributable cash flow per outstanding unit performance objective for the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2018. Each performance phantom unit award was granted in tandem with DERs that entitle the award holder to receive an additional number of units equal in value to any distributions we pay during the period the award is outstanding times the number of units subject to the award. 
 (5) 
 Phantom unit awards granted under the CSI Compressco equity plan on May 2, 2016 vest over a three-year period at a rate of one-third per year beginning on the first anniversary date of the award based on continued employment over such three-year period. 
 (6) 
 The phantom unit award granted under the CSI Compressco equity plan on June 20, 2016 vests over a three-year period at a rate of one-third per year beginning on the first anniversary date of the award based on continued employment over such three-year period. 

74 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 
 
 The following table shows outstanding stock option awards previously awarded by TETRA and classified as exercisable as of December 31, 2016 for each Named Executive Officer. The table also discloses the number and value of unvested phantom unit awards granted under the CSI Compressco LP Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2016 . 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End Table 

Option Awards (1) 
 
 Unit Awards 

Number of Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised Options 
 
 Option Exercise Price 
 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Number of Units that Have Not Vested 
 
 Market Value of Units that Have Not Vested (2) 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Units that Have Not Vested (3) 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market Value or Payout Value of Unearned Units that Have Not Vested (3) 
 Name 
 
 Options Exercisable 
 
 Options Unexercisable 

(#) 
 
 (#) 
 
 /Share) 

(#) 
 
 ) 
 
 (#) 
 
 ) 
 Timothy A. Knox 

32,008 
 (4) 
 
 311,438 

Timothy A. Knox 

6,983 
 (5) 
 
 67,945 

10,475 
 (6) 
 
 101,922 
 
 Timothy A. Knox 

25,569 
 (7) 
 
 248,786 

25,569 
 (8) 
 
 248,786 
 
 Elijio V. Serrano (9) 

6,984 
 (10) 
 
 67,954 

10,475 
 (6) 
 
 101,922 
 
 Elijio V. Serrano (9) 

26,989 
 (8) 
 
 262,603 
 
 Derek C. Coffie 

25,189 
 (11) 
 
 245,089 

C. Brad Benge 

13,718 
 (4) 
 
 133,476 

C. Brad Benge 

1,817 
 (5) 
 
 17,679 

2,725 
 (6) 
 
 26,514 
 
 C. Brad Benge 

8,523 
 (7) 
 
 82,929 

8,523 
 (8) 
 
 82,929 
 
 Ronald J. Foster 
 
 8,000 

21.100 

5/20/2018 

Ronald J. Foster 
 
 31,500 

4.17 

4/9/2019 

Ronald J. Foster 
 
 14,500 

10.20 

5/20/2020 

Ronald J. Foster 

2,195 
 (12) 
 
 21,357 

Ronald J. Foster 

22,863 
 (4) 
 
 222,457 

Ronald J. Foster 

2,523 
 (5) 
 
 24,549 

3,785 
 (6) 
 
 36,828 
 
 Ronald J. Foster 

4,262 
 (7) 
 
 41,469 

4,262 
 (8) 
 
 41,469 
 
 Levent Caglar 

1,333 
 (5) 
 
 12,970 

2,000 
 (6) 
 
 19,460 
 
 Levent Caglar 

5,682 
 (7) 
 
 55,286 

5,682 
 (8) 
 
 55,286 

(1) 
 All outstanding option awards relate to TETRA s common stock. Under the terms of TETRA s equity plans, the option exercise price must be greater than or equal to 100 of the closing price of the common stock on the date of grant. 
 (2) 
 All outstanding unit awards relate to our common units. Market value is determined by multiplying the number of units that have not vested by 9.73, the closing price of our common units on December 30, 2016. 
 (3) 
 The number of units earned under these performance phantom unit awards will be determined based on actual level of achievement of an established performance objective. The amounts shown in these columns assume achievement of the target performance objective. Market value is determined by multiplying the target number of unearned units that have not vested by 9.73, the closing price of our common units on December 30, 2016. 
 (4) 
 The phantom unit award will cliff-vest on August 5, 2017. 
 (5) 
 One-third portions of the remaining unvested phantom unit award granted on May 4, 2015 will vest on May 4, 2017, and May 4, 2018. 
 (6) 
 The performance phantom unit award for the performance period of January 1, 2015 through December 31, 2017 may be settled pursuant to the terms of the award in March of 2018 if applicable performance objectives are met. The number of units shown is the target number of units that may be issued under the award. 
 (7) 
 One-third portions of the unvested phantom unit award granted on May 2, 2016 will vest on May 2, 2017, May 2, 2018, and May 2, 2019. 
 (8) 
 The performance phantom unit award for the performance period of January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2018 may be settled pursuant to the terms of the award in March of 2019 if applicable performance objectives are met. The number of units shown is the target number of units that may be issued under the award. 
 (9) 
 The table above includes only the outstanding equity awards held by Mr. Serrano in the Partnership. Outstanding equity awards held by Mr. Serrano in TETRA will be reflected in TETRA s 2017 Proxy Statement. 
 
 75 

(10) 
 The phantom unit award will cliff-vest on May 4, 2018. 
 (11) 
 One-third portions of the phantom unit award granted on June 20, 2016 will vest on June 20, 2017, June 20, 2018, and June 20, 2019. 
 (12) 
 The remaining one-third portion of the unvested phantom unit award granted on May 27, 2014 will vest on May 27, 2017 . 
 
 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding restricted unit awards, phantom unit awards, and performance phantom unit awards under the CSI Compressco LP Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan that became vested or were earned for each of our Named Executive Officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 . 
 
 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table 

Option Awards 
 
 Unit Awards (1) 
 Name 
 
 Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise 
 
 Value Realized on Exercise 
 
 Number of Units Acquired on Vesting 
 
 Value Realized on Vesting 

(#) 
 
 ) 
 
 (#) 
 
 ) 
 Timothy A. Knox 

4,258 

34,192 
 
 Elijio V. Serrano 

Derek C. Coffie 

C. Brad Benge 

1,108 

8,897 
 
 Ronald J. Foster 

16,506 

123,644 
 
 Levent Caglar 

7,152 

62,247 

(1) 
 Includes the number and value of units issued pursuant to DERs settled in tandem with phantom unit awards. 
 (2) 
 The table above reflects only the activity of Mr. Serrano with respect to equity awards granted by the Partnership. Any activity with respect to TETRA s equity awards will be reflected in TETRA s 2017 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
 
 TETRA maintains the TETRA Technologies, Inc. Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan, an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan that allows participants to defer a portion of their base salaries and performance-based compensation. As of December 31, 2016 , none of the Named Executive Officers had elected to participate in this plan. 
 
 Potential Payments upon a Change of Control or Termination 
 
 Effective August 4, 2014, in connection with the acquisition of CSI, we entered into Employment Agreements with Messrs. Knox, Foster, and Benge that provide certain severance benefits including the payment of each NEO's base salary and continuation of medical and dental insurance coverage for the remaining term of the applicable initial employment period, the payment of any unpaid Annual Bonus (as defined in the Employment Agreements) for the preceding calendar year, a pro-rata payment of any Annual Bonus earned for the year in which such termination occurs, and full acceleration of the phantom units granted on August 5, 2014, as described above. Separately, we have entered into Change of Control Agreements with Messrs. Knox and Foster that are further described below. 
 
 Under the CSI Compressco LP Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the vesting of restricted units, phantom units, and performance phantom units held by our Named Executive Officers upon termination of their employment. For purposes of the following disclosure, we have assumed that all outstanding unit awards would be accelerated if the Named Executive Officer's employment was terminated in connection with a change of control, or upon the death, disability, or retirement of such officer. 
 
 Change of Control Agreement with Mr. Knox. We have entered into a change of control agreement with Mr. Knox (the Knox COC Agreement ). The Knox COC Agreement has an initial two-year term, with an automatic one-year extension on the second anniversary of the effective date (and any anniversary date thereafter) unless a cancellation notice is given at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the then applicable term. Under the Knox COC Agreement, we have an obligation to provide certain benefits to Mr. Knox upon a qualifying termination event 
 
 76 

that occurs in connection with or within two years following a change of control of CSI Compressco LP or TETRA. A qualifying termination event under the Knox COC Agreement includes the termination of Mr. Knox s employment by us other than for Cause (as that term is defined in the Knox COC Agreement) or termination by Mr. Knox for Good Reason (as that term is defined in the Knox COC Agreement). 
 
 Under the Knox COC Agreement, if a qualifying termination event occurs in connection with or within two years following a change of control, we have an obligation to pay Mr. Knox the following cash severance amounts: (i) (A) an amount equal to Mr. Knox s earned but unpaid Annual Bonus (as that term is defined in the Knox COC Agreement) attributable to the immediately preceding calendar year and earned but unpaid Long Term Bonus (as that term is defined in the Knox COC Agreement) attributable to the performance period ended as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar year to the extent such amounts would have been paid to Mr. Knox had he remained employed by us, and in each case only to the extent the performance goals for such bonus were achieved for the applicable performance period, plus (B) Mr. Knox s prorated target Annual Bonus for the current year, plus (C) an amount equal to Mr. Knox s target Long-Term Bonus for each outstanding award; plus (ii) the product of two times the sum of Mr. Knox s Base Salary (as that term is defined in the Knox COC Agreement) and target Annual Bonus amount for the year in which the qualifying termination event occurs; plus (iii) an amount equal to the aggregate premiums and any administrative fees applicable to Mr. Knox due to an election of continuation of coverage that he would be required to pay if he elected to continue medical and dental benefits under TETRA's group health plan for Mr. Knox and his eligible dependents without subsidy from us for a period of two years following the date of his qualifying termination event. The Knox COC Agreement also provides for full acceleration of vesting of any outstanding restricted unit awards, phantom unit awards, and other unit-based awards upon any qualifying termination event to the extent permitted under the applicable plan. All payments and benefits due under the Knox COC Agreement are conditioned upon the execution and non-revocation by Mr. Knox of a release for our benefit. All payments under the Knox COC Agreement are subject to reduction as may be necessary to avoid exceeding the amount allowed under Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. In the event a qualifying termination event occurs under the Knox COC Agreement, in order to avoid duplication, Mr. Knox will receive benefits under the Knox COC Agreement in lieu of under the Employment Agreement. 
 
 The Knox COC Agreement also contains certain confidentiality provisions and related restrictions applicable to Mr. Knox. In addition to restrictions upon improper disclosure and use of Confidential Information (as defined in the Knox COC Agreement), Mr. Knox agrees that for a period of two years following a termination of employment for any reason, he will not solicit our employees or otherwise engage in a competitive business with us as more specifically set forth in the Knox COC Agreement. Such obligations are only binding on Mr. Knox if he receives the severance benefits described above. 
 
 Change of Control Agreement with Mr. Foster. We have entered into a change of control agreement (the Foster COC Agreement with Mr. Foster. The Foster COC Agreement has an initial two-year term, with an automatic one-year extension on the second anniversary of the effective date (and any anniversary date thereafter) unless a cancellation notice is given at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the then applicable term. Under the Foster COC Agreement, we have an obligation to provide certain benefits to Mr. Foster upon a qualifying termination event that occurs in connection with or within two years following a change of control of us or TETRA. A qualifying termination event under the Foster COC Agreement includes the termination of Mr. Foster s employment with us other than for Cause (as that term is defined in the Foster COC Agreement) or termination by Mr. Foster for Good Reason (as that term is defined in the Foster COC Agreement). 
 
 Under the Foster COC Agreement, if a qualifying termination event occurs in connection with or within two years following a change of control, we have an obligation to pay Mr. Foster the following cash severance amounts: (i)(A) an amount equal to Mr. Foster s earned but unpaid Annual Bonus (as that term is defined in the Foster COC Agreement) attributable to the immediately preceding calendar year and earned but unpaid Long Term Bonus (as that term is defined in the Foster COC Agreement) attributable to the performance period ended as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar year to the extent such amounts would have been paid to Mr. Foster had he remained employed by us, and in each case only to the extent the performance goals for such bonus were achieved for the applicable performance period, plus (B) Mr. Foster s prorated target Annual Bonus for the current year, plus (C) an amount equal to Mr. Foster s target Long-Term Bonus for each outstanding award; plus (ii) the product of 2 times the sum of Mr. Foster s Base Salary and target Annual Bonus amount for the year in which the qualifying termination event occurs; plus (iii) an amount equal to the aggregate premiums and any administrative fees applicable to Mr. Foster due to an election of continuation of coverage that he would be required to pay if he elected to continue medical and dental benefits under the group health plan for Mr. Foster and 
 
 77 

his eligible dependents without subsidy from us for a period of two years following the date of Mr. Foster s qualifying termination event. The Foster COC Agreement also provides for full acceleration of vesting of any outstanding restricted unit awards, phantom unit awards, and other unit-based awards upon Mr. Foster s qualifying termination event to the extent permitted under the applicable plan. All payments and benefits due under the Foster COC Agreement are conditioned upon the execution and nonrevocation by Mr. Foster of a release for our benefit. All payments under the Foster COC Agreement are subject to reduction as may be necessary to avoid exceeding the amount allowed under Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. In the event a qualifying termination event occurs under the Foster COC Agreement, in order to avoid duplication, Mr. Foster will receive benefits under the Foster COC Agreement in lieu of under the Employment Agreement. 
 
 The Foster COC Agreement also contains certain confidentiality provisions and other restrictions applicable to Mr. Foster. In addition to restrictions upon improper disclosure and use of Confidential Information (as defined in the Foster COC Agreement), Mr. Foster agrees that for a period of two years following a termination of employment for any reason, he will not solicit our employees or otherwise engage in a competitive business with us as more specifically set forth in the Foster COC Agreement. Such obligations are only binding on Mr. Foster if he receives the severance benefits described above. 
 
 TETRA has a Change of Control Agreement with Mr. Serrano, which was in effect during 2016. Payments and benefits under the TETRA Change of Control Agreement are triggered only on a change of control of TETRA. The terms of the TETRA Change of Control Agreement and a quantification of potential benefits to Mr. Serrano under the TETRA Change of Control Agreement will be disclosed in TETRA s 2017 Proxy Statement. 
 
 The following table quantifies the potential payments to Named Executive Officers who were employed by us as of December 31, 2016, under the contracts, agreements, or plans discussed above in various scenarios involving a change of control or termination of employment, assuming a December 31, 2016 termination date. In addition to the amounts reflected in the table, the Named Executive Officers would receive upon termination any salary earned through December 31, 2016, and any benefits they would otherwise be entitled to under TETRA's 401(k) Plan. 
 Name 
 
 Cash Severance Payment 
 
 Bonus Payment 
 
 Accelerated Vesting of Unit Awards (1) 
 
 Continuation of Health Benefits 
 
 Total 
 Timothy A. Knox 

Death/disability 

978,877 

978,877 
 
 Retirement 

978,877 

978,877 
 
 Termination for cause 

Termination for no cause or good reason (2) 
 
 232,000 

311,438 

10,389 

553,827 
 
 Termination upon a change of control (3) 
 
 1,280,000 

978,877 

31,168 

2,290,045 

Derek C. Coffie 

Death/disability 

245,089 

245,089 
 
 Retirement 

245,089 

245,089 
 
 Termination for cause 

Termination for no cause or good reason (2) 

Termination upon a change of control (3) 

245,089 

245,089 

Charles B. Benge 

Death/disability 

343,527 

343,527 
 
 Retirement 

343,527 

343,527 
 
 Termination for cause 

Termination for no cause or good reason (2) 
 
 139,200 

133,476 

7,659 

280,335 
 
 Termination upon a change of control 

343,527 

343,527 

78 

Name 
 
 Cash Severance Payment 
 
 Bonus Payment 
 
 Accelerated Vesting of Unit Awards (1) 
 
 Continuation of Health Benefits 
 
 Total 
 Ronald J. Foster 

Death/disability 

388,130 

388,130 
 
 Retirement 

388,130 

388,130 
 
 Termination for cause 

Termination for no cause or good reason (2) 
 
 188,500 

222,457 

10,517 

421,474 
 
 Termination upon a change of control (3) 
 
 942,500 

388,130 

31,552 

1,362,182 

Levent Caglar 

Death/disability 

143,002 

143,002 
 
 Retirement 

143,002 

143,002 
 
 Termination for cause 

Termination for no cause or good reason (2) 

Termination upon a change of control (3) 

143,002 

143,002 

(1) 
 Our Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan allows acceleration upon termination following a change of control and upon death, disability, or retirement at the discretion of our Board of Directors (with regard to Named Executive Officers). Under the terms of Employment Agreements with Messrs. Knox, Foster, and Benge, acceleration of the unit awards granted on August 5, 2014 would occur upon a termination by us without cause or a termination by the officer for "good reason." Under the terms of COC Agreements with Messrs. Knox and Foster, acceleration would automatically occur upon a qualifying termination of employment following a change of control. The value of accelerated unit awards is calculated by multiplying the number of accelerated units by 9.73, the closing price of our common units on December 30, 2016. 
 (2) 
 Pursuant to the terms of Employment Agreements with Messrs. Knox, Foster, and Benge amounts shown include payment of base salary and provision of health benefits through August 4, 2017 (the remaining initial terms of the agreements), payment of the earned portion of annual bonuses for the 2016 performance period, and acceleration of the unit awards granted on August 5, 2014. 
 (3) 
 Pursuant to the terms of Change of Control Agreements with Messrs. Knox and Foster, amounts shown represent a multiple of base salary plus target annual cash bonus, payment of the earned portion of annual bonuses for the 2016 performance period, acceleration of outstanding unit awards, and provision of health benefits through December 31, 2018. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 As of January 1, 2016, each director who is not an employee of our general partner, TETRA, or any of its subsidiaries, receives non-cash compensation of 60,000 per year for attending regularly scheduled board meetings. The non-cash compensation is paid for the upcoming service year in the form of phantom unit awards that have an intended value of 60,000, prorated for any newly-elected director to such director's date of election and that vest over the service year as set forth below. Directors who are appointed as the chairmen of our Conflicts Committee and Audit Committee receive additional non-cash compensation of 5,000 and 10,000 per year, respectively, prorated from their respective dates of appointment in their initial year of service, which is also paid in the form of phantom unit awards. All such awards of phantom units are granted under our Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan. Directors are reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their service as directors. In addition, each non-employee director is paid an annual cash retainer of 60,000 per year, paid in quarterly installments. Effective July 1, 2016, the Board of Directors voluntarily agreed to a 10 reduction in the annual cash retainer to align with the employee wage and salary reductions implemented in 2016. The value of the equity award remains unchanged. 
 
 Directors who are also our officers or employees, or officers or employees of TETRA, do not receive any compensation for duties performed as our directors. Consequently, none of Mr. Knox, our President, Mr. Brightman, the President and Chief Executive Officer of TETRA, or Mr. Elkhoury, the Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of TETRA, was compensated for his service to us as a director during 2016. 
 
 On May 2, 2016, the Board approved awards of 6,819 phantom units with an aggregate grant date fair market value of 57,007 to Messrs. Coombs, Harrison, Larson, and Sullivan for their service as directors during the May 2016 through May 2017 service year. Also on May 2, 2016, with regard to the May 2016 through May 2017 service year, Mr. Harrison received an additional award of 568 phantom units with a grant date fair market value of 4,478 for his service as chairman of the Conflicts Committee, and Mr. Larson received an additional award of 1,136 phantom units with a grant date fair market value of 9,497 for his service as chairman of the Audit 
 
 79 

Committee. One-third of all of the phantom units so awarded were immediately vested on May 2, 2016, and additional one-third portions of each award vest on January 2, 2017 and May 2, 2017. A phantom unit is a notional unit that entitles the director to receive a common unit of the Partnership upon vesting of the phantom unit. Each award of phantom units to Messrs. Coombs, Harrison, Larson, and Sullivan was granted in tandem with distribution equivalent rights DERs that entitle the award holder to receive an additional number of common units equal in value to any distributions we pay during the period the award is outstanding times the number of unvested phantom units subject to the award. DERs are subject to the same vesting restrictions and risk of forfeiture applicable to the corresponding phantom units. It is anticipated that directors will be appointed to the Board in May of each calendar year. 
 
 Although Messrs. Brightman and Elkhoury did not receive compensation for their service as a director during 2016, on May 2, 2016, our Board approved awards of 74,761 performance-based phantom units to Mr. Brightman as part of the compensation he receives as President and Chief Executive Officer of TETRA and in recognition of his services to us. The aggregate grant date fair value of the unit awards granted to Mr. Brightman on May 2, 2016 was 625,002, and such awards are included in the compensation reported for Mr. Brightman in TETRA's 2017 Proxy Statement. Our Board also approved awards of 29,830 performance-based phantom units to Mr. Elkhoury as part of the compensation he received as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of TETRA and in recognition of his services to us. The aggregate grant date fair value of the awards granted to Mr. Elkhoury on May 2, 2016 was 249,379, and such awards are included in compensation reported for Mr. Elkhoury in TETRA's 2017 Proxy Statement. Each phantom unit award was granted in tandem with DERs. 
 
 The following table discloses the cash, equity awards, and other compensation earned, paid, or awarded, as the case may be, to each of our non-employee directors during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 . 
 
 Director Compensation Table 
 Name 
 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) 
 
 Unit Awards (2) 
 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 
 Total 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Stuart M. Brightman 

(3) 

(3) 

(3) 

(3) 
 Joseph Elkhoury 

(3) 

(3) 

(3) 

(3) 
 Paul D. Coombs 
 
 57,000 

57,007 

114,007 

D. Frank Harrison 
 
 57,000 

61,755 

118,755 

James R. Larson 
 
 57,000 

66,504 

123,504 

William D. Sullivan 
 
 57,000 

57,007 

114,007 

(1) 
 The amounts in this column reflect payments earned for service as a non-employee director during 2016. 
 (2) 
 Phantom units granted on May 2, 2016 are valued at 8.36 per common unit in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 
 (3) 
 Although Messrs. Brightman and Elkhoury did not receive compensation for their service as directors during 2016, on May 2, 2016, our Board of Directors approved awards of 74,761 and 29,830 performance-based phantom units to Messrs. Brightman and Elkhoury, respectively, as part of the compensation they receive as executive officers of TETRA and in recognition of their services to us. Phantom units granted on May 2, 2016 are valued at 8.36 per common unit in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 
 
 Compensation Policies and Risk Management 
 
 To the extent that risks may arise from our compensation policies and practices for our employees that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us, we are required to discuss our policies and practices for compensating our employees (including our employees that are not Named Executive Officers) as they relate to our risk management practices and risk-taking incentives. We have determined that our compensation policies and practices for our employees are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us, thus no such disclosure exists at this time. We seek to structure a balance between achieving strong short-term annual results and ensuring long-term viability and success by providing both annual and long-term incentive opportunities. We believe that providing both short- and long-term awards also helps to minimize any risk to us or our unitholders that could arise from excessive focus on short-term performance. Our general partner s board of directors is aware of the need to routinely assess our compensation policies and practices and will make a determination as to the necessity of this particular disclosure on an annual basis. 

80 

Management and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 
 As previously discussed, our general partner s Board is not required to maintain, and does not maintain, a compensation committee. During 2016, Messrs. Brightman, Elkhoury, and Knox, who were directors of our general partner, were also executive officers of TETRA. All compensation decisions with respect to Messrs. Brightman and Elkhoury are made by TETRA and they do not receive any compensation directly from us or from our general partner, with the exception of equity awards granted under our Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, as described above. All compensation decisions with respect to Mr. Knox are made by TETRA and our general partner as described above, with the exception of equity awards under the CSI Compressco LP Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan which, if awarded, are granted by our general partner s Board. Please read Item 13, Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence below, for information about relationships among us, our general partner, and TETRA. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership of Certain Unitholders and Management 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common units as of December 31, 2016 with respect to each person that beneficially owns five percent (5 or more of our outstanding common units, and as of February 28, 2017 , with respect to (i) our directors; (ii) our Named Executive Officers; and (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group. 
 Name and Business Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Common Units Beneficially Owned 

Percentage 
 of Class (1) 

TETRA Technologies, Inc. 
 24955 Interstate 45 North 
 The Woodlands, Texas 77380 
 
 14,091,517 

(2) 
 
 42.4 
 
 Goldman Sachs Asset Management 
 200 West Street 
 New York, New York 10282 
 
 3,538,654 

(3) 
 
 10.6 
 
 OppenheimerFunds, Inc. 
 225 Liberty Street 
 New York, New York 10281 
 
 2,995,963 

(4) 
 
 9.0 
 
 Stuart M. Brightman 
 
 24,700 

Paul D. Coombs 
 
 21,461 

Joseph Elkhoury 
 
 2,000 

D. Frank Harrison 
 
 20,216 

Timothy A. Knox 
 
 13,550 

James R. Larson 
 
 25,369 

William D. Sullivan 
 
 36,230 

C. Brad Benge 
 
 815 

Derek C. Coffie 

Ronald J. Foster 
 
 49,822 

Levent Caglar 
 
 6,388 

Director and executive officers as a group (12 persons) 
 
 201,144 

0.6 

Less than 1 . 
 (1) 
 Reflects common units beneficially owned as a percentage of common units outstanding. 
 (2) 
 The common units beneficially owned by TETRA Technologies, Inc. are directly held of record by our general partner, CSI Compressco Investment, LLC, and TETRA International Incorporated, each a wholly owned subsidiary of TETRA Technologies, Inc. Each of our general partner and TETRA International Incorporated has sole voting and investment power over the common units held by them. As a result, TETRA Technologies, Inc. has indirect, sole voting and investment power over the common units held by our general partner and TETRA International Incorporated. In addition, the number of common units does not include common units that are issuable within sixty (60) days of February 28, 2017, upon conversion of a portion of the Preferred Units held by CSI Compressco Investment LLC. Such Preferred Units are converted into common units based upon a conversion price determined by the trading prices of the common units over the month preceding the conversion date and as a result, the number of common units is indeterminable at this time. 
 
 81 

(3) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule 13G/A dated February 7, 2017, Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P., together with G.S. Investment Strategies, LLC, report shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 3,538,654 of our common units. 
 (4) Pursuant to a Schedule 13G/A dated January 31, 2017, OppenheimerFunds, Inc. and Oppenheimer SteelPath MLP Income Fund report shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 2,995,963 of our common units . Although OppenheimerFunds, Inc. and Oppenheimer SteelPath MLP Income Fund possess voting and investment power over the reported common units and are deemed to be the beneficial owners of such units, each of them disclaims beneficial ownership of such common units. 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of the common stock of TETRA as of February 28, 2017 with respect to (i) our directors; (ii) our Named Executive Officers; and (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group. 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Percentage of Class 
 Stuart M. Brightman 
 
 1,259,316 

(1) 
 
 1.1 
 
 Paul D. Coombs 
 
 718,975 

Joseph Elkhoury 
 
 260,670 

(2) 

D. Frank Harrison 

Timothy A. Knox 

James R. Larson 

William D. Sullivan 
 
 135,047 

C. Brad Benge 

Derek C. Coffie 

Ronald J. Foster 
 
 60,601 

(3) 

Levent Caglar 

Director and executive officers as a group (12 persons) 
 
 2,434,609 

(4) 
 
 2.1 

Less than 1 . 
 (1) 
 Includes 727,098 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2017. 
 (2) 
 Includes 27,516 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2017. 
 (3) 
 Includes 54,000 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2017. 
 (4) 
 Includes 808,614 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2017. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2016, regarding compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which our common units are authorized for issuance. 
 Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants or Rights 

Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants, or Rights 
 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Comp. Plans (Excluding Securities 
 Shown in the First Column) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (1) 
 
 609,417 

(2) 

629,509 
 
 Total: 
 
 609,417 

629,509 

(1) 
 Consists of the Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, which was approved by the Board of our general partner in connection with the Initial Public Offering. Please read "Item 11. Executive Compensation" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan. 
 (2) 
 Represents phantom unit awards and performance phantom unit awards outstanding under the Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan. These phantom unit awards and performance phantom unit awards do not have an exercise price. 
 
 Please see Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Elements Equity Incentive Awards under Item 11 of this Annual Report for information about the material features of the Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, which information is incorporated by reference in this Item 12. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Certain Transactions 
 
 Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons. The related person transactions in which we engaged in 2016 were typically of a recurring, ordinary course nature, were previously made known to the Board of our general partner, and generally were of the sort contemplated by the Omnibus Agreement dated June 20, 2011, as amended on June 20, 2014 as described below, among us, our general partner and TETRA Technologies, Inc. (the Omnibus Agreement and other related party agreements entered into in connection with our Initial Public Offering. We do not have formal, specified policies for the review, approval or ratification of transactions required to be reported under paragraph (a) of Regulation S-K Item 404. However, because related person transactions may result in potential conflicts of interest among management and board-level decision makers, our Partnership Agreement does set forth procedures that the general partner may utilize in connection with resolutions of potential conflicts of interest, including the referral of such matters to an independent conflicts committee for its review and approval or disapproval of such matters. 
 
 The Conflicts Committee, which was formed in April 2012, is currently composed of two directors of the Board of our general partner, each of whom has been deemed by the Board to meet the independence standards established under the Partnership Agreement. The purposes of the Conflicts Committee are to carry out certain duties set forth in our Partnership Agreement and the Omnibus Agreement, and to carry out any other duties delegated by the Board that involve or relate to conflicts of interest between us and TETRA, including its operating subsidiaries. The Conflicts Committee has sole authority to retain and terminate any consultants, attorneys, independent accountants or other service providers to assist it in the evaluation of conflicts matters. 
 
 The Conflicts Committee is charged with acting on an informed basis, in good faith and with an honest belief that any action taken by the committee is in our best interests. In taking any such action, including the resolution of a conflict of interest, the conflicts committee will be authorized to consider any factors it determines in its sole discretion to be relevant, reasonable or appropriate under the circumstances. 
 
 Transactions with our General Partner and its Affiliates. 
 
 As of February 28, 2017 , TETRA and certain of its subsidiaries, including our general partner, owned 14,250,709 common units, which constitutes a 42.6 limited partner interest in us, and an approximate 2 general partner interest in us. Prior to August 18, 2014, TETRA also held 6,273,970 subordinated units. Effective August 18, 2014, all of these subordinated units were automatically converted on a one-for-one basis into common units. TETRA is, therefore, a related person to us as such term is defined by the SEC. 
 
 In August 2016 and September 2016, we issued and sold 6,999,126 newly-authorized Series A Convertible Preferred Units (the "Preferred Units") in a private placement. One of the purchasers in the Initial Private Placement was TETRA, which purchased 874,891 of the Preferred Units at the aggregate Issue Price of 10.0 million and representing 12.5 ownership of the Preferred Units. 
 
 Distributions and Payments to the General Partner and its Affiliates. We will generally make cash distributions 98 to unitholders on a pro rata basis, including our general partner and certain subsidiaries of TETRA, as the holders of 14,250,709 common units and approximately 2 to our general partner. In addition, because distributions have exceeded certain higher target distribution levels (beginning with the distribution for the three month period ended June 30, 2014) as provided for in our Partnership Agreement, TETRA and our general partner are entitled to Incentive Distribution Rights of the distributions up to 48 of the distributions above the highest target distribution level. However, beginning with the distribution paid in February 2016, our quarterly cash distribution was reduced to 0.3775 per common unit, and fell below the target distribution levels needed to result in Incentive Distribution Rights distribution to the General Partner. In addition, TETRA, as holders of 874,891 Preferred Units, is entitled to its share of paid in kind distributions paid to holders of Preferred Units beginning in November 2016, as prescribed in our Partnership Agreement, as amended. 
 
 82 

For the year ended December 31, 2016 , we paid aggregate cash distributions of approximately 50.2 million on our common units, and 1.0 million on our general partner interest to TETRA and our general partner. In addition, in November 2016, we distributed 13,861 of paid in kind Preferred Units to TETRA. On February 14, 2017 , we paid quarterly distributions with respect to the period from October 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016 , including approximately 12.6 million aggregate cash distribution on our common units and 0.3 million cash distribution on our general partner interest to TETRA and our general partner, as well as 24,255 paid in kind Preferred Units paid to TETRA. 
 
 Omnibus Agreement. Our ongoing relationship with TETRA and our general partner is governed by the Omnibus Agreement. On June 20, 2014, the Board of our general partner, upon the recommendation of the Conflicts Committee, approved an amendment to the Omnibus Agreement to extend the term of the agreement (which was set to expire on that date). Pursuant to the terms of the Omnibus Agreement, TETRA and our general partner are reimbursed for direct costs incurred in operating and maintaining our business and allocated expenses for personnel who perform corporate, general and administrative services on our behalf. TETRA and our general partner do not receive any separate management fee or other compensation for management of us. The Omnibus Agreement (other than the indemnification obligations described under Indemnification for Environmental and Related Liabilities, below) will terminate upon the earlier to occur of (i) a change in control of TETRA or our general partner, or (ii) any party providing at least 180 days prior written notice of termination to each of the other parties. 
 
 Subcontract Services 
 
 Under the Omnibus Agreement, we or TETRA and our general partner may, but neither is under any obligation to, perform for the other such production enhancement or other oilfield services on a subcontract basis as are needed or desired by the entity retaining such services, for such periods of time and in such amounts as may be mutually agreed upon by us and TETRA and our general partner. Any such services are required to be performed on terms that are either (i) approved by the conflicts committee of our general partner s board of directors, (ii) no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from non-affiliated third parties, as determined by our general partner, or (iii) fair and reasonable to us, taking into account the totality of the relationships between us and TETRA, as determined by our general partner. For the year ended, December 31, 2016 , in connection with our operations in Argentina, a subsidiary of TETRA provided services to a subsidiary of ours on a subcontract basis for approximately 0.6 million. 
 
 Sales, Leases, or Like-Kind Exchanges of Equipment 
 
 Under the Omnibus Agreement, we or TETRA and our general partner may, but neither is under any obligation to, sell, lease, or like-kind exchange to the other such production enhancement or other oilfield services equipment as is needed or desired by the acquiring entity to meet its production enhancement or other oilfield services obligations, in such amounts, in such conditions, and for such periods of time as may be mutually agreed upon by us and our general partner. Any such sales, leases, or like-kind exchanges are required to be on terms that are either (i) approved by the conflicts committee of our general partner s board of directors, (ii) no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from non-affiliated third parties, as determined by our general partner, or (iii) fair and reasonable to us, taking into account the totality of the relationships between us and TETRA, as determined by our general partner. In addition, unless otherwise approved by the conflicts committee of our general partner s board of directors, TETRA may purchase newly fabricated equipment from us, but only for a price not less than the sum of the total costs (other than any allocations of general and administrative expenses) incurred by us in manufacturing such equipment plus a fixed margin percentage thereof, and TETRA may purchase from us previously fabricated equipment for a price that is not less than the sum of the net book value of such equipment plus a fixed margin percentage thereof. For the year ended December 31, 2016 , the approximate dollar value of the amounts involved in transactions between us and TETRA that were related to the sale, lease or like-kind exchange of equipment was as follows: 
 
 Pursuant to an equipment sharing agreement between two of our subsidiaries and a subsidiary of TETRA in connection with operations in Mexico, TETRA s subsidiary charged our subsidiaries equipment rental amounts of approximately 1.2 million during 2016 . In addition, another TETRA subsidiary charged our subsidiaries 0.1 million during 2016 for parts and insurance coverage purchased for use by our subsidiaries in Mexico and for reimbursement to a TETRA subsidiary for certain capital expenditures. 
 
 In addition to the foregoing, we also provide early production services to a customer in Argentina. Two subsidiaries of TETRA charged a subsidiary of ours in Argentina approximately 1.5 million during 2016 for 
 
 83 

equipment that is leased, and other equipment that is subleased, along with associated technical service charges, from TETRA's subsidiary to our subsidiary in Argentina related to those operations. In connection with our operations in Argentina, our subsidiary invoiced another subsidiary of TETRA for reimbursement of expenses incurred on behalf of TETRA's subsidiary of approximately 0.1 million during 2016 . 
 
 Income Sharing 
 
 Under our agreement with TETRA to provide early production services ("EPS") to a customer in Argentina, we retain a portion of the income generated under the EPS contract. During 2016 , a subsidiary of TETRA invoiced a subsidiary of ours approximately 0.8 million pursuant to our income sharing agreement with TETRA. 
 
 Provision of Personnel and Services 
 
 Our business operations are conducted by our general partner s employees, our Canadian employees, and certain employees of TETRA s Mexico-based subsidiaries. In addition, TETRA and our general partner provide certain corporate general and administrative services to us that are reasonably necessary for the conduct of our business. Such corporate general and administrative services include legal, accounting and financial reporting, treasury, insurance administration, claims processing and risk management, health, safety and environmental, information technology, human resources, credit, payroll, internal audit, and tax services. Under the Omnibus Agreement, the services TETRA and our general partner provide to us must be substantially similar in nature and quantity to the services TETRA and our general partner previously provided to our successor entity and they can be no lower in quantity than is reasonably necessary to assist us in the management and operation of our business. For the year ending December 31, 2016 , TETRA and our general partner charged us approximately 34.0 million in reimbursement for such services. The amount to be charged by TETRA and our general partner increased beginning in the fourth quarter of 2014 as a result of the CSI Acquisition. 
 
 In January 2017, we and TETRA agreed that our reimbursement for corporate general and administrative services performed by TETRA during the fourth quarter of 2016 would be paid using common units rather than cash, with the number of units issued determined based on average trading price of our common units over a defined period. These services, which totaled 1.6 million for the fourth quarter of 2016, were reimbursed with the issuance of 159,192 common units issued in January 2017. 
 
 Indemnification for Environmental and Related Liabilities 
 
 Under the Omnibus Agreement, subject to certain limitations, TETRA and our general partner have indemnified us against certain potential environmental claims, losses, and expenses associated with TETRA s operation of our Predecessor entity prior to the completion of the Initial Public Offering, and we have indemnified TETRA and our general partner for environmental claims arising following the completion of the Initial Public Offering regarding the businesses contributed by TETRA and our general partner to us. TETRA and our general partner have also indemnified us for liabilities related to certain defects in title to our assets and certain consents and permits necessary to own and operate such assets, and tax liabilities attributable to TETRA s operation of our assets prior to the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 Please see Part III, Item 10 of this annual report Corporate Governance and Director Independence for a discussion of director independence matters, which discussion is incorporated by reference into this Item 13. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 Fees Paid to Principal Accounting Firm 
 
 The following table sets forth the aggregate fees for professional services rendered to us by our principal accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 , and 2015 , respectively: 
 
 84 

2016 
 
 2015 
 Audit fees 

1,313,000 

2,058,000 
 
 Audit related fees 
 
 259,000 

Tax fees 

Total fees 

1,572,000 

2,058,000 

Our Audit Committee pre-approved 100 of the fees shown in the above table. Before approving these fees, our Audit Committee considered whether the provision of services by Ernst Young LLP that are not related to the audit of our financial statements was compatible with maintaining the independence of Ernst Young LLP, and concluded that it was. 
 
 Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services 
 
 The Audit Committee of our general partner has adopted a Pre-Approval Policy with respect to services which may be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm (the Audit Firm ). This policy provides that all audit and non-audit services to be performed by the Audit Firm must be specifically pre-approved on a case-by-case basis by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member to whom such authority is delegated must report, for informational purposes only, any pre-approval decisions to the entire Audit Committee at or before its next scheduled meeting. As of the date hereof, the Audit Committee has delegated this authority to the Chairman of the Audit Committee. Neither the Audit Committee, nor the person to whom pre-approval authority is delegated, may delegate their responsibilities to pre-approve services performed by the Audit Firm to our management. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 85 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 (a) List of documents filed as part of this Report 
 
 1. 
 Financial Statements of the Partnership 

Page 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2016 and 2015 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Partners Capital for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, 2014 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 
 2. 
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted as they are not required, are not applicable, or the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. 
 List of Exhibits 

3.1 
 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Compressco Partners, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 10, 2008 (SEC File No. 333-155260)). 
 3.2 
 First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Compressco Partners, L.P., dated June 20, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June, 24, 2011 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Compressco Partners GP Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 10, 2008 (SEC File No. 333-155260)). 
 3.4 
 First Amended and Restated Bylaws of Compressco Partners GP Inc., dated June 20, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June, 24, 2011 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 3.5 
 Certificate of Correction of the Certificate of Limited Partnership of Compressco Partners, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Amendment No.1 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on December 19, 2008 (SEC File No. 333-155260)). 
 3.6 
 Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership of Compressco Partners, L.P (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 3.7 
 Amendment No. 1 to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Compressco Partners, L.P (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 3.8 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Compressco Partners GP Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 3.9 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Compressco Partners GP Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 3.10 
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of CSI Compressco LP, dated as of August 8, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 4.1 
 Specimen Unit Certificate representing Common Units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 3 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 12, 2011 (SEC File No. 333-155260)). 
 4.2 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2016, by and among CSI Compressco LP and the other parties signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 4.3 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2016, by and among CSI Compressco LP and the other parties signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 

86 

10.1 
 Contribution, Conveyance and Assumption Agreement, dated June 20, 2011, by and among Compressco, Inc., Compressco Field Services, Inc., Compressco Canada, Inc., Compressco de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V., Compressco Partners GP Inc., Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Partners Operating, LLC, Compressco Netherlands B.V., Compressco Holdings, LLC, Compressco Netherlands Co peratief U.A., Compressco Partners Sub, Inc., TETRA International Incorporated, Production Enhancement Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. and TETRA Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2011 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.2 
 Omnibus Agreement, dated June 20, 2011, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., TETRA Technologies, Inc. and Compressco Partners GP Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2011 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.3 
 Compressco Partners, L.P. 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on June 17, 2011 (SEC File No. 333-175007)). 
 10.4 
 Form of Employee Restricted Unit Agreement under the Compressco Partners, L.P. 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on June 17, 2011 (SEC File No. 333-175007)). 
 10.5 
 Form of Director Restricted Unit Agreement under the Compressco Partners, L.P. 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on June 17, 2011 (SEC File No. 333-175007)). 
 10.6 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 4 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on May 27, 2011 (SEC File No. 333-155260)). 
 10.7 
 Credit Agreement, dated June 24, 2011, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Partners Operating, LLC and Compressco Partners Sub, Inc., as the borrowers, the Partnership s existing and future domestic subsidiaries, as loan guarantors, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2011 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.8+ 
 Summary Description of the Compensation of Non-Employee Directors of Compressco Partners GP Inc. 
 10.9+ 
 Summary Description of Named Executive Officer Compensation. 
 10.10 
 Forms of Phantom Unit Agreement, Non-Employee Director Phantom Unit Agreement and Performance Phantom Unit Agreement under the 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibits 99.1, 99.2 and 99.3, respectively, to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2012 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.11 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of December 4, 2012, among Compressco Partners, L.P. as borrowers, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2012 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.12 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Pledge and Security Agreement, dated May 14, 2013, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Partners Operating, LLC and Compressco Partners Sub, Inc., as the borrowers, the Partnership s existing and future domestic subsidiaries, as loan guarantors, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.13 
 Change of Control Agreement with Ronald J. Foster (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.14 
 Credit Agreement, dated October 15, 2013, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Partners Operating, LLC, Compressco Partners Sub, Inc., Compressco Holdings, LLC, Compressco Leasing, LLC, Compressco Field Services International, LLC, and Compressco International, LLC, as the borrowers, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., and PNC Bank, National Association, as lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.15 
 First Amendment to Omnibus Agreement, dated June 20, 2014, by and among TETRA Technologies, Inc., Compressco Partners, L.P., and Compressco Partners GP Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 26, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.16 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2014, by and between Warren Equipment Company and Compressco Partners Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.17 
 Indenture, dated as of August 4, 2014, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Finance Inc., the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.18 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2014, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Finance Inc., the Guarantors party thereto and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated as representative of the Initial Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.19 
 Guaranty, dated July 20, 2014, by Compressco Partners, L.P. in favor of Warren Equipment Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.20 
 Contribution and Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2014, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Partners GP, Inc. and TETRA Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 

87 

10.21 
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2014, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Finance Inc., the Guarantors party thereto and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated as representative of the Initial Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.22 
 Purchase Agreement Joinder, dated as of August 4, 2014, by and among the Guarantors party thereto and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated as Representative of the Initial Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.23 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2014, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Partners Sub, Inc., the lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the lenders and collateral agent, and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.24 
 Employment Agreement dated August 4, 2014 by and between Compressco Partners GP Inc. and Timothy A. Knox (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.25 
 Change in Control Agreement dated August 4, 2014 by and between Compressco Partners GP Inc. and Timothy A. Knox (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.26 
 Employment Agreement executed November 6, 2014, but effective as of August 4, 2014, by and between Compressco Partners GP, Inc. and Ronald J. Foster (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 11, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.27 
 Employment Agreement dated July 20, 2014, but effective as of August 4, 2014, by and between Compressco Partners GP Inc. and Charles B. Benge. 
 
 10.28 
 Employment Agreement dated July 20, 2014, but effective as of August 4, 2014, by and between Compressco Partners GP Inc. and Anthony D. Speer. 
 
 10.29 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2015, by and among CSI Compressco LP, TETRA Technologies, Inc., and Wells Fargo Energy Capital, Inc., in its capacity as noteholder representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.30 
 CSI Compressco LP Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended through March 3, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 11, 2015 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.31 
 Separation and Release Agreement by and between Kevin Book and CSI Compressco GP Inc., dated December 21, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2015 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.32 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated May 25, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 25, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.33 
 Amendment dated May 9, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated effective as of August 4, 2014 between CSI Compressco GP Inc. and Timothy A. Knox (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.34 
 Amendment dated May 9, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated effective as of August 4, 2014 between CSI Compressco GP Inc. and Ronald J. Foster (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.35 
 Amendment dated May 9, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated effective as of August 4, 2014 between CSI Compressco GP Inc. and Charles B. Benge (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.36 
 Amendment dated May 9, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated effective as of August 4, 2014 between CSI Compressco GP Inc. and Anthony D. Speer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.37 
 Consent and Acknowledgment between CSI Compressco GP Inc and Timothy A. Knox dated August 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 21, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.38 
 Series A Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2016, by and among CSI Compressco LP and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.39 
 Series A Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2016, by and among CSI Compressco LP and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.40 
 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated November 3, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on November 4, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 21+ 
 Subsidiaries of the Partnership 

88 

23.1+ 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 
 31.1+ 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2+ 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Furnished Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Furnished Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS++ 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 101.SCH++ 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL++ 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF++ 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB++ 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE++ 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

+ 
 Filed with this report. 
 
 Furnished with this report. 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 ++ 
 Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 ; (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 ; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Partners Capital/Net Parent Equity for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 ; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 ; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 ; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2016 . 

89 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, CSI Compressco LP has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CSI COMPRESSCO LP 

By: 
 CSI Compressco GP Inc., 

its general partner 
 Date: 
 February 28, 2017 
 By: 
 /s/Timothy A. Knox 

Timothy A. Knox, President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities with CSI Compressco GP Inc, its general partner, and on the dates indicated: 
 
 Signature 
 Title 
 Date 
 /s/Stuart M. Brightman 
 Chairman of 
 February 28, 2017 
 Stuart M. Brightman 
 the Board of Directors 

/s/Timothy A. Knox 
 President and Director 
 February 28, 2017 
 Timothy A. Knox 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/Derek C. Coffie 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 February 28, 2017 
 Derek C. Coffie 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/Paul D. Coombs 
 Director 
 February 28, 2017 
 Paul D. Coombs 

/s/ Joseph Elkhoury 
 Director 
 February 28, 2017 
 Joseph Elkhoury 

/s/D. Frank Harrison 
 Director 
 February 28, 2017 
 D. Frank Harrison 

/s/James R. Larson 
 Director 
 February 28, 2017 
 James R. Larson 

/s/William D. Sullivan 
 Director 
 February 28, 2017 
 William D. Sullivan 

90 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 3.1 
 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Compressco Partners, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 10, 2008 (SEC File No. 333-155260)). 
 3.2 
 First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Compressco Partners, L.P., dated June 20, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June, 24, 2011 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Compressco Partners GP Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 10, 2008 (SEC File No. 333-155260)). 
 3.4 
 First Amended and Restated Bylaws of Compressco Partners GP Inc., dated June 20, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June, 24, 2011 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 3.5 
 Certificate of Correction of the Certificate of Limited Partnership of Compressco Partners, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Amendment No.1 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on December 19, 2008 (SEC File No. 333-155260)). 
 3.6 
 Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership of Compressco Partners, L.P (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 3.7 
 Amendment No. 1 to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Compressco Partners, L.P (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 3.8 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Compressco Partners GP Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 3.9 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Compressco Partners GP Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 3.10 
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of CSI Compressco LP, dated as of August 8, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 4.1 
 Specimen Unit Certificate representing Common Units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 3 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 12, 2011 (SEC File No. 333-155260)). 
 4.2 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2016, by and among CSI Compressco LP and the other parties signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 4.3 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2016, by and among CSI Compressco LP and the other parties signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.1 
 Contribution, Conveyance and Assumption Agreement, dated June 20, 2011, by and among Compressco, Inc., Compressco Field Services, Inc., Compressco Canada, Inc., Compressco de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V., Compressco Partners GP Inc., Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Partners Operating, LLC, Compressco Netherlands B.V., Compressco Holdings, LLC, Compressco Netherlands Co peratief U.A., Compressco Partners Sub, Inc., TETRA International Incorporated, Production Enhancement Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. and TETRA Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2011 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.2 
 Omnibus Agreement, dated June 20, 2011, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., TETRA Technologies, Inc. and Compressco Partners GP Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2011 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.3 
 Compressco Partners, L.P. 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on June 17, 2011 (SEC File No. 333-175007)). 
 10.4 
 Form of Employee Restricted Unit Agreement under the Compressco Partners, L.P. 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on June 17, 2011 (SEC File No. 333-175007)). 
 10.5 
 Form of Director Restricted Unit Agreement under the Compressco Partners, L.P. 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on June 17, 2011 (SEC File No. 333-175007)). 
 10.6 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 4 to the Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on May 27, 2011 (SEC File No. 333-155260)). 
 10.7 
 Credit Agreement, dated June 24, 2011, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Partners Operating, LLC and Compressco Partners Sub, Inc., as the borrowers, the Partnership s existing and future domestic subsidiaries, as loan guarantors, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2011 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.8+ 
 Summary Description of the Compensation of Non-Employee Directors of Compressco Partners GP Inc. 
 10.9+ 
 Summary Description of Named Executive Officer Compensation. 

10.10 
 Forms of Phantom Unit Agreement, Non-Employee Director Phantom Unit Agreement and Performance Phantom Unit Agreement under the 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibits 99.1, 99.2 and 99.3, respectively, to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2012 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.11 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of December 4, 2012, among Compressco Partners, L.P. as borrowers, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2012 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.12 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Pledge and Security Agreement, dated May 14, 2013, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Partners Operating, LLC and Compressco Partners Sub, Inc., as the borrowers, the Partnership s existing and future domestic subsidiaries, as loan guarantors, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.13 
 Change of Control Agreement with Ronald J. Foster (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.14 
 Credit Agreement, dated October 15, 2013, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Partners Operating, LLC, Compressco Partners Sub, Inc., Compressco Holdings, LLC, Compressco Leasing, LLC, Compressco Field Services International, LLC, and Compressco International, LLC, as the borrowers, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., and PNC Bank, National Association, as lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.15 
 First Amendment to Omnibus Agreement, dated June 20, 2014, by and among TETRA Technologies, Inc., Compressco Partners, L.P., and Compressco Partners GP Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 26, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.16 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2014, by and between Warren Equipment Company and Compressco Partners Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.17 
 Indenture, dated as of August 4, 2014, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Finance Inc., the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.18 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2014, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Finance Inc., the Guarantors party thereto and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated as representative of the Initial Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.19 
 Guaranty, dated July 20, 2014, by Compressco Partners, L.P. in favor of Warren Equipment Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.20 
 Contribution and Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2014, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Partners GP, Inc. and TETRA Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.21 
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2014, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Finance Inc., the Guarantors party thereto and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated as representative of the Initial Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.22 
 Purchase Agreement Joinder, dated as of August 4, 2014, by and among the Guarantors party thereto and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated as Representative of the Initial Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.23 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2014, by and among Compressco Partners, L.P., Compressco Partners Sub, Inc., the lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the lenders and collateral agent, and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.24 
 Employment Agreement dated August 4, 2014 by and between Compressco Partners GP Inc. and Timothy A. Knox (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.25 
 Change in Control Agreement dated August 4, 2014 by and between Compressco Partners GP Inc. and Timothy A. Knox (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.26 
 Employment Agreement executed November 6, 2014, but effective as of August 4, 2014, by and between Compressco Partners GP, Inc. and Ronald J. Foster (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 11, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.27 
 Employment Agreement dated July 20, 2014, but effective as of August 4, 2014, by and between Compressco Partners GP Inc. and Charles B. Benge. 
 
 10.28 
 Employment Agreement dated July 20, 2014, but effective as of August 4, 2014, by and between Compressco Partners GP Inc. and Anthony D. Speer. 

10.29 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2015, by and among CSI Compressco LP, TETRA Technologies, Inc., and Wells Fargo Energy Capital, Inc., in its capacity as noteholder representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.30 
 CSI Compressco LP Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended through March 3, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 11, 2015 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.31 
 Separation and Release Agreement by and between Kevin Book and CSI Compressco GP Inc., dated December 21, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2015 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.32 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated May 25, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 25, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.33 
 Amendment dated May 9, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated effective as of August 4, 2014 between CSI Compressco GP Inc. and Timothy A. Knox (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.34 
 Amendment dated May 9, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated effective as of August 4, 2014 between CSI Compressco GP Inc. and Ronald J. Foster (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.35 
 Amendment dated May 9, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated effective as of August 4, 2014 between CSI Compressco GP Inc. and Charles B. Benge (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.36 
 Amendment dated May 9, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated effective as of August 4, 2014 between CSI Compressco GP Inc. and Anthony D. Speer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.37 
 Consent and Acknowledgment between CSI Compressco GP Inc and Timothy A. Knox dated August 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 21, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.38 
 Series A Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2016, by and among CSI Compressco LP and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 10.39 
 Series A Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2016, by and among CSI Compressco LP and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 
 10.40 
 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated November 3, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on November 4, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-35195)). 
 21+ 
 Subsidiaries of the Partnership 
 23.1+ 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 
 31.1+ 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2+ 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Furnished Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Furnished Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS++ 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 101.SCH++ 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL++ 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF++ 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB++ 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE++ 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

+ 
 Filed with this report. 
 
 Furnished with this report. 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 ++ 
 Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 ; (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 ; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Partners Capital/Net Parent Equity for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 ; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 ; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 ; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2016 . 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors of CSI Compressco GP Inc. and the 
 Unitholders of CSI Compressco LP 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CSI Compressco LP as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 , and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), partners capital, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 . These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of CSI Compressco LP at December 31, 2016 and 2015 , and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 , in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), CSI Compressco LP s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 28, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

/s/ERNST YOUNG LLP 

Houston, Texas 
 February 28, 2017 

F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Board of Directors of CSI Compressco GP Inc. and the 
 Unitholders of CSI Compressco LP 
 
 We have audited CSI Compressco LP s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). CSI Compressco LP s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 In our opinion, CSI Compressco LP maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 , based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of CSI Compressco LP as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), partners' capital, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 and our report dated February 28, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 /s/ERNST YOUNG LLP 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 28, 2017 

F-2 

CSI Compressco LP 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In Thousands, Except Unit Amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2016 
 
 December 31, 2015 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

20,797 

10,620 
 
 Trade accounts receivable, net of allowances for doubtful accounts of 2,253 in 2016 and 1,973 in 2015 
 
 44,904 

57,775 
 
 Inventories 
 
 31,442 

49,771 
 
 Assets held for sale 
 
 214 

772 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 4,647 

7,262 
 
 Total current assets 
 
 102,004 

126,200 
 
 Property, plant, and equipment: 

Land and building 
 
 34,962 

34,962 
 
 Compressors and equipment 
 
 834,921 

829,877 
 
 Vehicles 
 
 11,040 

12,404 
 
 Construction in progress 
 
 8,138 

391 
 
 Total property, plant, and equipment 
 
 889,061 

877,634 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 
 (242,055) 
 
 (178,354) 
 Net property, plant, and equipment 
 
 647,006 

699,280 
 
 Other assets: 

Goodwill 

92,402 
 
 Deferred tax assets 
 
 28 

20 
 
 Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of 18,666 in 2016 and 7,425 in 2015 
 
 37,102 

48,343 
 
 Other assets 

382 
 
 Total other assets 
 
 37,130 

141,147 
 
 Total assets 

786,140 

966,627 
 
 LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' CAPITAL 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

15,682 

12,969 
 
 Unearned income 
 
 8,078 

19,074 
 
 Accrued liabilities and other 
 
 19,974 

26,704 
 
 Amounts payable to affiliates 
 
 6,180 

8,153 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 
 49,914 

66,900 
 
 Other liabilities: 

Long-term debt, net 
 
 504,090 

566,658 
 
 Series A Preferred Units 
 
 88,130 

Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 718 

656 
 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 
 39 

255 
 
 Total other liabilities 
 
 592,977 

567,569 
 
 Commitments and contingencies 

Partners' capital: 

General partner interest 
 
 3,061 

6,842 
 
 Common units (33,262,376 units issued and outstanding at December 31, 2016 and 33,186,155 units issued and outstanding at December 31, 2015) 
 
 150,599 

333,709 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 (10,411) 
 
 (8,393) 
 Total partners' capital 
 
 143,249 

332,158 
 
 Total liabilities and partners' capital 

786,140 

966,627 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-3 

CSI Compressco LP 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 Revenues: 

Compression and related services 

224,736 

287,680 

192,151 
 
 Aftermarket services 
 
 33,303 

46,921 

25,758 
 
 Equipment sales 
 
 53,324 

123,040 

64,738 
 
 Total revenues 
 
 311,363 

457,641 

282,647 
 
 Cost of revenues (excluding depreciation and amortization expense): 

Cost of compression and related services 
 
 117,154 

142,327 

98,874 
 
 Cost of aftermarket services 
 
 25,362 

39,232 

20,383 
 
 Cost of equipment sales 
 
 48,744 

109,101 

55,410 
 
 Total cost of revenues 
 
 191,260 

290,660 

174,667 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 72,123 

81,838 

40,880 
 
 Long-lived asset impairment 
 
 10,223 

11,797 

278 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expense 
 
 36,222 

43,479 

32,100 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 
 92,334 

139,444 

Interest expense, net 
 
 38,055 

34,964 

14,240 
 
 Series A Preferred fair value adjustment 
 
 5,036 

Other expense, net 
 
 2,383 

2,190 

10,396 
 
 Income (loss) before income tax provision (benefit) 
 
 (136,273) 
 
 (146,731) 
 
 10,086 
 
 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 
 1,865 

(101) 
 
 (1,172) 
 Net income (loss) 

(138,138) 

(146,630) 

11,258 

General partner interest in net income (loss) 

(2,763) 

(1,892) 

510 
 
 Common units interest in net income (loss) 

(135,375) 

(144,738) 

7,319 
 
 Subordinated units interest in net income 

3,429 
 
 Net income (loss) per common unit: 

Basic and diluted 

(4.07) 

(4.36) 

0.47 
 
 Weighted average common units outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 
 
 33,262,376 

33,169,413 

18,928,640 
 
 Net income per subordinated unit: 

Basic and diluted 

0.47 
 
 Weighted average subordinated units outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

3,953,461 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-4 

CSI Compressco LP 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In Thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 Net income (loss) 

(138,138) 

(146,630) 

11,258 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax of 0 in 2016, 2015, and 2014 
 
 (2,018) 
 
 (5,057) 
 
 (3,749) 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 

(140,156) 

(151,687) 

7,509 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-5 

CSI Compressco LP 
 Consolidated Statement of Partners Capital 
 (In Thousands) 

Partners' Capital 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 Total Partners' Capital 

Limited Partners 

General Partner 
 
 Common Unitholders 
 
 Subordinated Unitholder 

Amount 
 
 Units 
 
 Amount 
 
 Units 
 
 Amount 

Balance as of December 31, 2013 

3,158 

9,279 

104,887 

6,274 

65,258 

413 

173,716 
 
 Net income for 2014 
 
 510 

7,319 

3,429 

11,258 
 
 Distributions 1.80 per unit) 
 
 (732) 

(27,579) 

(8,376) 

(36,687) 
 Conversion of subordinated units to common units 

6,274 
 
 60,311 
 
 60,311 

(6,274) 
 
 (60,311) 

Proceeds from issuance of common units, net of issuance costs 

17,572 
 
 395,794 
 
 395,794 

395,794 
 
 Contribution of capital 
 
 8,405 

8,405 
 
 Equity compensation 

1,544 

1,544 
 
 Vesting of Phantom Units 

17 

Other comprehensive loss 

(3,749) 
 
 (3,749) 
 Balance as of December 31, 2014 

11,341 

33,142 

542,276 

(3,336) 

550,281 
 
 Net income for 2015 
 
 (1,892) 

(144,738) 

(146,630) 
 Distributions 1.98 per unit) 
 
 (2,607) 

(65,753) 

(68,360) 
 Equity compensation 

1,924 

1,924 
 
 Vesting of Phantom Units 

44 

Other comprehensive loss 

(5,057) 
 
 (5,057) 
 Balance as of December 31, 2015 

6,842 

33,186 

333,709 

(8,393) 

332,158 
 
 Net loss for 2016 
 
 (2,763) 

(135,375) 

(138,138) 
 Distributions 1.51 per unit) 
 
 (1,018) 

(50,236) 

(51,254) 
 Equity compensation 

2,541 

2,541 
 
 Vesting of Phantom Units 

76 

Other 

(40) 

(40) 
 Other comprehensive loss 

(2,018) 
 
 (2,018) 
 Balance as of December 31, 2016 

3,061 

33,262 

150,599 

(10,411) 

143,249 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-6 

CSI Compressco LP 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In Thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 Operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

(138,138) 

(146,630) 

11,258 
 
 Reconciliation of net income (loss) to cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 72,123 

81,838 

40,879 
 
 Impairments of long-lived assets 
 
 10,223 

11,797 

278 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 
 92,334 

139,444 

Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes 
 
 30 

(605) 
 
 (3,514) 
 Series A Preferred offering costs 
 
 3,111 

Series A Preferred accrued paid in kind distributions 
 
 3,094 

Series A Preferred fair value adjustments 
 
 5,036 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 
 (1,405) 

Equity compensation expense 
 
 3,028 

2,164 

1,544 
 
 Provision for doubtful accounts 
 
 1,704 

508 

185 
 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs 
 
 2,739 

2,786 

1,276 
 
 Other non-cash charges and (credits) 
 
 1,558 

825 

(351) 
 (Gain) loss on sale of property, plant, and equipment 
 
 (501) 
 
 (196) 
 
 484 
 
 Financing expense 

6,750 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisition: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 11,208 

19,732 

(23,943) 
 Inventories 
 
 10,542 

64,893 

(30,972) 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 1,729 

(2,753) 
 
 (8,031) 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 (17,039) 
 
 (71,592) 
 
 49,152 
 
 Other 
 
 68 

(318) 
 
 (176) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 61,444 

101,893 

44,819 
 
 Investing activities: 

Purchases of property, plant, and equipment, net 
 
 (10,659) 
 
 (95,272) 
 
 (48,137) 
 Acquisition of CSI 

(825,000) 
 Advances and other investing activities 
 
 (22) 
 
 (69) 
 
 (805) 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 (10,681) 
 
 (95,341) 
 
 (873,942) 
 Financing activities: 

Proceeds from long-term debt 
 
 109,000 

63,000 

602,858 
 
 Payments of long-term debt 
 
 (172,882) 
 
 (23,000) 
 
 (93,584) 
 Proceeds from Series A Preferred Units, net of offering costs 
 
 76,934 

Proceeds from issuance of partnership common units, net of underwriters' discount 

395,794 
 
 Distributions 
 
 (51,254) 
 
 (68,360) 
 
 (36,687) 
 Contribution from general partner 

8,405 
 
 Financing costs and other financing activities 
 
 (1,688) 

(22,486) 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 
 (39,890) 
 
 (28,360) 
 
 854,300 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 
 (696) 
 
 (1,638) 
 
 (588) 
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 10,177 

(23,446) 
 
 24,589 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 
 10,620 

34,066 

9,477 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

20,797 

10,620 

34,066 

F-7 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

32,947 

32,994 

12,930 
 
 Taxes paid 

1,277 

598 

2,247 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

CSI COMPRESSCO LP 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2016 
 
 NOTE A ORGANIZATION AND OPERATIONS 
 
 CSI Compressco LP (formerly known as Compressco Partners, L.P.), a Delaware limited partnership, is a provider of compression services and equipment for natural gas and oil production, gathering, transportation, processing, and storage. We sell standard and custom-designed compressor packages and oilfield fluid pump systems, and provide aftermarket services and compressor package parts and components manufactured by third-party suppliers. We provide these compression services and equipment to a broad base of natural gas and oil exploration and production, midstream, and transmission companies operating throughout many of the onshore producing regions of the United States as well as in a number of foreign countries, including Mexico, Canada, and Argentina. We design and fabricate a majority of the compressor packages that we use to provide compression services and that we sell to customers. Unless the context requires otherwise, when we refer to the Partnership, we, us, and our, we are describing CSI Compressco LP and its wholly owned subsidiaries. 
 
 In May 2016 and November 2016, we entered into amendments of the agreement governing our bank revolving credit facility (as amended, the "Credit Agreement") by, among other things, favorably amending certain covenants. (See Note E - Long-Term Debt and Other Borrowings.) In August 2016 and September 2016, we received 76.9 million of aggregate net proceeds, after deducting certain offering expenses, from the private placements of our Series A Convertible Preferred Units (the "Preferred Units") and such proceeds were used to pay additional offering expenses and reduce outstanding indebtedness under the Credit Agreement and our 7.25 Senior Notes (the "7.25 Senior Notes"). (For further discussion of the issuance of Preferred Units, see Note F - Series A Convertible Preferred Units.) We have reviewed our financial forecasts as of February 28, 2017 which consider the impact of cost reduction efforts, the amendments of the Credit Agreement, and the 76.9 million of aggregate net proceeds received from the private placement of Preferred Units. Based on these financial forecasts, which are based on the current market conditions as of February 28, 2017 , we believe that despite the current industry environment and activity levels, we will have adequate liquidity, earnings, and operating cash flows to fund our operations and debt obligations and maintain compliance with our debt covenants through February 28, 2018. 
 
 NOTE B SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
 
 Results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 reflect the impact of our acquisition of Compressor Systems, Inc. ("CSI"), a Delaware corporation, on August 4, 2014. Results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2014, reflect the impact of the acquisition of CSI for the portion of the period beginning with the August 4, 2014, closing date of the acquisition. For further discussion of the acquisition, see Note D - Acquisition. 

F-9 

During the fourth quarter of 2016, we adopted the provisions of Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-15, "Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern" ("ASU 2014-15") which requires management to evaluate an entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. Disclosures in the notes to the financial statements are required if we conclude that substantial doubt exists or that our plans alleviate substantial doubt that was raised. Pursuant to the provisions of ASU 2014-15, we have determined that, based on our financial forecasts, there are no conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through one year from the date of issuance of the financial statements. These forecasts are based on certain operating and other business assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of February 28, 2017 . 
 
 Use of Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclose contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, and impairments during the reporting period. For further discussion of fair value measurements in connection with the allocation of the purchase price of the CSI acquisition, see Note D - Acquisition. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences could be material. 
 
 Reclassifications 
 
 Certain previously reported financial information has been reclassified to conform to the current year's presentation. The impact of such reclassifications was not significant to the prior year's overall presentation. These reclassifications include the final allocation of the purchase price of CSI. See Note D - Acquisition for further discussion. In addition, these reclassifications include the presentation of deferred financing costs in accordance with the adoption of ASU No. 2015-03 and ASU No. 2015-15 as further discussed below and the reclassification of the amortization of deferred financing costs from other expense, net to interest expense, net. Additionally, see Note E - Long-Term Debt and Other Borrowings for further discussion and presentation. 
 
 Beginning with the three month period ended March 31, 2016, Parts Sales revenues and Cost of Parts Sales revenues have been reclassified as part of Aftermarket Services revenues and Cost of Aftermarket Services revenues, respectively, instead of being included with Equipment Sales revenues and Cost of Equipment Sales revenues as reported in prior periods. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year period's presentation. The amounts for Parts Sales revenue are 18.5 million , 18.4 million , and 10.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 , respectively. The amounts for Cost of Parts Sales revenue are 13.3 million , 14.2 million , and 6.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 , respectively. 
 
 Cash Equivalents 
 
 We consider all highly liquid cash investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 
 
 Financial Instruments 
 
 The fair values of our financial instruments, which may include cash, accounts receivable, amounts outstanding under our variable rate bank credit facility, and accounts payable, approximate their carrying amounts. Financial instruments that subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade accounts receivable, which are primarily due from companies of varying size engaged in oil and gas activities in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Argentina. Our policy is to review the financial condition of customers before extending credit and periodically update customer credit information. Payment terms are on a short-term basis. The risk of loss from the inability to collect trade receivables is heightened during prolonged periods of low oil and natural gas commodity prices. 
 
 We have currency exchange rate risk exposure related to transactions denominated in a foreign currency as well as to investments in certain of our international operations. Our risk management activities include the use of foreign currency forward purchase and sale derivative contracts as part of a program designed to mitigate the currency exchange rate risk exposure on selected international operations. 

F-10 

As a result of the outstanding balances under our variable rate revolving credit facility, we face market risk exposure related to changes in applicable interest rates. Although we have no interest rate swap contracts outstanding to hedge this potential risk exposure, we have entered into certain fixed interest rate notes, which are scheduled to mature in 2022 and which mitigate this risk on our total outstanding borrowings. 
 
 Significant Customers 
 
 During 2016 , ConocoPhillips accounted for 11.2 of our revenues. During 2015 , no individual customer accounted for 10 or more of our revenues. During 2014 , PEMEX and DCP Midstream accounted for 11.1 and 10.1 , respectively, of our revenues. 
 
 Foreign Currencies 
 
 We have designated the Canadian dollar and Argentine peso as the functional currencies for our operations in Canada and Argentina, respectively. We are exposed to fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and certain foreign currencies, including the Canadian dollar, the Mexican peso, and the Argentine peso, as a result of our international operations. Foreign currency exchange gains and (losses) are included in other expense and totaled (1.6) million , (2.0) million , and (1.2) million during the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 , respectively. 
 
 Allowances for Doubtful Accounts 
 
 Allowances for doubtful accounts are determined on a specific identification basis when we believe that the collection of specific amounts owed to us is not probable. The changes in allowances for doubtful accounts are as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

(In Thousands) 
 At beginning of period 

1,973 

1,496 

600 
 
 Activity in the period: 

Provision for doubtful accounts 
 
 1,704 

508 

185 
 
 Account (chargeoffs) recoveries, net 
 
 (1,424) 
 
 (31) 
 
 711 
 
 At end of period 

2,253 

1,973 

1,496 

Inventories 
 
 Inventories consist primarily of compressor package parts and supplies and work in process and are stated at the lower of cost or market value. For parts and supplies, cost is determined using the weighted average cost method. The cost of work in progress is determined using the specific identification method. Work in progress inventories consist primarily of new compressor packages located at our fabrication facility in Midland, Texas. Components of inventories as of December 31, 2016 , and December 31, 2015 , are as follows: 

December 31, 2016 
 
 December 31, 2015 
 
 (In Thousands) 
 Parts and supplies 
 
 25,932 

27,447 
 
 Work in progress 
 5,510 

22,324 
 
 Total inventories 
 
 31,442 

49,771 

During the year ended December 31, 2016 , 17.6 million of completed work in progress inventory was transferred to Property, Plant and Equipment. We write down the value of inventory by an amount equal to the difference between its cost and its estimated market value. 

F-11 

Assets Held for Sale 
 
 Assets are classified as held for sale when, among other factors, they are identified and marketed for sale in their present condition, management is committed to their disposal, and the sale of the asset is probable within one year. Assets Held for Sale as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , consists of certain compressor equipment assets that were expected to be sold during 2016 or early 2017. 
 
 Property, Plant, and Equipment 
 
 Property, plant, and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures that increase the useful lives of assets are capitalized. The cost of repairs and maintenance is charged to cost of revenues as incurred. Compressors include compressor packages currently placed in service and available for service. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based on the following estimated useful lives: 
 Buildings 
 15 30 years 
 Compressors 
 12 20 years 
 Other equipment 
 2 8 years 
 Vehicles 
 3 5 years 
 Information systems 
 3 years 

During the year ended December 31, 2016 , costs expended for capitalized computer software were approximately 6.7 million , and such costs will be depreciated over a useful life of 7 years once the project is completed in 2017. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the remaining term of the associated building lease or their useful lives. Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 was 68.8 million , 71.7 million , and 37.1 million , respectively. 
 
 Construction in progress consists primarily of capitalized system software development costs incurred during 2016. Interest capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 was 0.2 million , 0.0 million , and 0.0 million , respectively. 
 
 Intangible Assets other than Goodwill 
 
 Trademarks/trade names, customer relationships, and other intangible assets are recorded on the basis of cost and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from 2 to 15 years. Amortization expense related to intangible assets was 3.4 million , 6.8 million and 3.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 , respectively, and is included in depreciation and amortization. The estimated future annual amortization expense of trademarks/trade names, customer relationships, and other intangible assets is 2.9 million for 2017 , 2.9 million for 2018 , 2.9 million for 2019 , 2.9 million for 2020 , and 2.9 million for 2021 . 
 
 Intangible assets are tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. In such an event, we will determine the fair value of the asset using an undiscounted cash flow analysis of the asset at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows exist. If an impairment has occurred, we will recognize a loss for the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair value of the intangible asset. During 2014 and 2015, certain intangible assets were impaired. See "Impairments of Long-Lived Assets" section below. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of the net assets of businesses acquired in purchase transactions. We perform a goodwill impairment test on an annual basis or whenever indicators of impairment are present. We perform the annual test of goodwill impairment following the fourth quarter of each year. The assessment for goodwill impairment begins with a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our business is less than its carrying value. This qualitative assessment requires the evaluation, based on the weight of evidence, of the significance of all identified events and circumstances. During 2015, and continuing into 2016, global oil and natural gas commodity prices, particularly crude oil, were significantly reduced. These low commodity prices have had, and are expected to continue to have, a negative impact on industry drilling and capital expenditure activity, which affects the demand for a portion of our products and services. The accompanying decrease in the price of our common units during the last half of 2015 and early 2016 also 
 
 F-12 

resulted in an overall reduction in our market capitalization. Based on this qualitative assessment, we determined that, due to the decline in the price of our common units that resulted in our market capitalization being less than the book value of our consolidated partners' capital balance as of March 31, 2016, it was more likely than not that the fair value of our business was less than its carrying value as of March 31, 2016. 
 
 When the qualitative analysis indicates that it is more likely than not that our business fair value is less than its carrying value, the resulting goodwill impairment test consists of a two-step accounting test being performed. The first step of the impairment test is to compare the estimated fair value with the recorded net book value (including goodwill) of our business. If the estimated fair value is higher than the recorded net book value, no impairment is deemed to exist and no further testing is required. If, however, the estimated fair value is below the recorded net book value, then a second step must be performed to determine the goodwill impairment required, if any. In this second step, the estimated fair value from the first step is used as the purchase price in a hypothetical acquisition. Business combination accounting rules are followed to determine a hypothetical purchase price allocation to assets and liabilities. The residual amount of goodwill that results from this hypothetical purchase price allocation is compared to the recorded amount of goodwill and the recorded amount is written down to the hypothetical amount, if lower. 
 
 Our management must apply judgment in determining the estimated fair value for purposes of performing the goodwill impairment test. Management uses all available information to make these fair value determinations, including the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates commensurate with the risks involved in the assets. The resultant fair values calculated are then compared to observable metrics for other companies in our industry or on mergers and acquisitions in our industry, to determine whether those valuations, in our judgment, appear reasonable. 
 
 The accounting principles regarding goodwill acknowledge that the observed market prices of individual trades of a company s stock (and thus its computed market capitalization) may not be representative of the fair value of the company as a whole. Substantial value may arise from the ability to take advantage of synergies and other benefits that flow from control over another entity. Consequently, measuring the fair value of a collection of assets and liabilities that operate together in a controlled entity is different from measuring the fair value of a single share of that entity s common stock. Therefore, once the fair value of the reporting units was determined, we also added a control premium to the calculations. This control premium is judgmental and is based on observed mergers and acquisitions in our industry. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment as of March 31, 2016 . As part of our annual internal business outlook that we performed during the fourth quarter of 2015, we considered changes in the global economic environment which affected our common unit price and market capitalization. As part of the first step of goodwill impairment testing as of March 31, 2016, we updated our annual assessment of our future cash flows, applying expected long-term growth rates, discount rates, and terminal values that we consider reasonable. We calculated a present value of the cash flows to arrive at an estimate of fair value under the income approach, and then used the market approach to corroborate this value. 
 
 During the first three months of 2016, low oil and natural gas commodity prices resulted in decreased demand for certain of our products and services. Specifically, demand for low-horsepower wellhead compression services and for sales of compressor equipment decreased significantly and was expected to continue to be decreased for the foreseeable future. In addition, the price per common unit as of March 31, 2016 decreased compared to December 31, 2015. Accordingly, the fair value, as reflected by our market capitalization and other indicators, was less than our carrying value as of March 31, 2016. After making the hypothetical purchase price adjustments as part of the second step of the goodwill impairment test, there was 0.0 million residual purchase price to be allocated to our goodwill. Based on this analysis, we concluded that an impairment of all of our recorded goodwill was required. Accordingly, during the three month period ended March 31, 2016, 92.4 million was charged to Goodwill Impairment expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment as of December 31, 2015. Throughout 2015 and particularly during the last half of the year, lower oil and natural gas commodity prices resulted in a decreased demand for certain of our products and services. Specifically, demand for low-horsepower wellhead compression services and for sales of compressor equipment decreased significantly and was expected to continue to be decreased for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, our fair value, including our market capitalization was less than our carrying value as of December 31, 2015. After making the hypothetical purchase price adjustments as part of the second step of the goodwill 
 
 F-13 

impairment test, there was 92.4 million residual purchase price to be allocated to our goodwill. Based on this analysis, we concluded that an impairment of 139.4 million of our recorded goodwill for was required. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016 , the carrying amount of goodwill is 0.0 million , after giving effect to the 233.5 million of accumulated impairment losses. 
 
 The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

(In Thousands) 
 Balance, beginning of year 

92,402 

233,548 

72,161 
 
 Goodwill acquired during the year 

161,387 
 
 Goodwill adjustments 
 
 (92,402) 
 
 (141,146) 

Balance, end of year 

92,402 

233,548 

Impairments of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 Impairments of long-lived assets, including identified intangible assets, are determined periodically, when indicators of impairment are present. If such indicators are present, the determination of the amount of impairment is based on our judgments as to the future undiscounted operating cash flows to be generated from these assets throughout their remaining estimated useful lives. If these undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the related asset, an impairment is recognized for the excess of the carrying value over its fair value. Fair value of intangible assets is generally determined using the discounted present value of future cash flows using discount rates commensurate with the risks inherent with the specific assets. Assets held for disposal are recorded at the lower of carrying value or estimated fair value less estimated selling costs. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2016 , as a result of continuing decreased demand as a result of current market conditions, we recorded impairments of approximately 7.9 million associated with certain identified intangible assets. During the fourth quarter of 2016, as a result of fire damage to compressor packages, we recorded impairments of approximately 2.4 million associated with certain identified compressor units. This amount was charged to Long-Lived Asset Impairment expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 We recognize revenue using the following criteria: (a) persuasive evidence of an exchange arrangement exists; (b) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; (c) the buyer s price is fixed or determinable; and (d) collectability is reasonably assured. The majority of our compression services are provided pursuant to contract terms ranging from one month to twenty-four months. Monthly agreements are generally cancellable with 30 days written notice by the customer. Collections associated with progressive billings to customers for the construction of compression equipment is included in unearned income in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 F-14 

Compression and Related Services Revenues and Costs 
 
 Our compression and related services revenues include revenues from our U.S. corporate subsidiaries' operating lease agreements with customers. For the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 , the following operating lease revenues and associated costs were included in compression and related service revenues and cost of compression and related services, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As a result of our customers entering into compression service contracts, our revenues from rental contracts have decreased during the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the prior years. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 (In Thousands) 
 Rental revenue 
 
 42,644 

117,540 

85,174 
 
 Rental expenses 
 
 25,039 

66,040 

33,764 

Equity-Based Compensation 
 
 We have an equity incentive compensation plan which provides for the granting of phantom units and performance phantom units to the executive officers, key employees, nonexecutive officers, consultants, and directors of our general partner. Total equity-based compensation expense for the three years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 , was 3.0 million , 2.2 million , and 1.5 million , respectively. For further discussion of equity-based compensation, see Note J - Equity-Based Compensation. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Our operations are not subject to U.S. federal income tax other than the operations that are conducted through taxable subsidiaries. We incur state and local income taxes in certain of the United States in which we conduct business. We incur income taxes and are subject to withholding requirements related to certain of our operations in Latin America, Canada, and other foreign countries in which we operate. Furthermore, we also incur Texas Margin Tax, which, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 740, is classified as an income tax for reporting purposes. Beginning in 2015, a portion of the carrying value of certain deferred tax assets is subjected to a valuation allowance. See Note H - Income Taxes for further discussion. 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 Certain of our international operations maintain their accounting records in the local currencies that are their functional currencies. For these operations, the functional currency financial statements are converted to United States dollar equivalents, with the effect of the foreign currency translation adjustment reflected as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is included in partners' capital in the accompanying audited consolidated balance sheets and consists of the cumulative currency translation adjustments associated with such international operations. Activity within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) during the three years ended December 31, 2016 , December 31, 2015 , and December 31, 2014 is as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

(In Thousands) 
 Balance, beginning of year 

(8,393) 

(3,336) 

413 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax of 0 in 2016, 2015, and 2014 
 
 (2,018) 
 
 (5,057) 
 
 (3,749) 
 Balance, end of year 

(10,411) 

(8,393) 

(3,336) 

Activity within accumulated other comprehensive income includes no reclassifications to net income. 

F-15 

Allocation of Net Income 
 
 Our net income is allocated to partners capital accounts in accordance with the provisions of the Partnership Agreement. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date within an entity s principal market, if any. The principal market is the market in which the reporting entity would sell the asset or transfer the liability with the greatest volume and level of activity, regardless of whether it is the market in which the entity will ultimately transact for a particular asset or liability or if a different market is potentially more advantageous. Accordingly, this exit price concept may result in a fair value that may differ from the transaction price or market price of the asset or liability. 
 
 Under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), the fair value hierarchy prioritizes inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Fair value measurements should maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs, where possible. Observable inputs are developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity. Unobservable inputs may be needed to measure fair value in situations where there is little or no market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date and are developed based on the best information available in the circumstances, which could include the reporting entity s own judgments about the assumptions market participants would utilize in pricing the asset or liability. 
 We utilize fair value measurements to account for certain items and account balances within our consolidated financial statements. Fair value measurements are utilized in the determination of the carrying value of our Preferred Units (a Level 3 fair value measurement), which were issued in August and September 2016. We also utilize fair value measurements on a recurring basis in the accounting for our foreign currency forward purchase and sale derivative contracts. For these fair value measurements, we utilize the quoted value as determined by our counterparty financial institution (a level 2 fair value measurement). Fair value measurements are also utilized on a nonrecurring basis, such as in the allocation of purchase consideration for acquisition transactions to the assets and liabilities acquired, including intangible assets and goodwill (a Level 3 fair value measurement), and for the impairment of long-lived assets, including goodwill (a level 3 fair value measurement). The fair value of certain of our financial instruments, which may include cash, accounts receivable, short-term borrowings, and variable-rate long-term debt pursuant to our bank credit agreement, approximate their carrying amounts. The fair values of our publicly traded long-term 7.25 Senior Notes at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 , were approximately 278.2 million and 259.9 million (a level 2 fair value measurement). Those fair values compared to an aggregate principal amount of such notes at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 of 295.9 million and 350.0 million , respectively. 
 The Preferred Units are valued using a lattice modeling technique that, among a number of lattice structures, includes significant unobservable items (a level 3 fair value measurement). These unobservable items include (i) the volatility of the trading price of our common units compared to a volatility analysis of equity prices of comparable peer companies, (ii) a yield analysis that utilizes market information related to the debt yields of comparable peer companies, and (iii) a future conversion price analysis. The fair valuation of our Preferred Units liability is increased by, among other factors, projected increases in our common unit price, and by increases in the volatility and decreases in the debt yields of comparable peer companies. Increases (or decreases) in the fair value of our Preferred Units will increase (decrease) the associated liability and result in future adjustments to earnings for the associated valuation losses (gains). 
 A summary of these fair value measurements as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 , is as follows: 
 
 F-16 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets or Liabilities (Level 1) 
 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
 Description 
 Total as of December 31, 2016 

(In Thousands) 

Series A Preferred Units 
 
 88,130 

88,130 
 
 Asset for foreign currency derivative contracts 
 57 

57 

88,187 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets or Liabilities (Level 1) 
 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
 Description 
 Total as of December 31, 2015 

(In Thousands) 

Liability for foreign currency derivative contracts 
 (14) 

(14) 

(14) 

During 2016, we recorded total impairment charges of 102.6 million , reflecting the decreased fair value for certain assets. Assets that were partially impaired included certain of our intangible assets. The fair values used in these impairment calculations were estimated based on discounted estimated future cash flows, which is based on significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) in accordance with the fair value hierarchy. A summary of these nonrecurring fair value measurements during the year ended December 31, 2016 , using the fair value hierarchy is as follows: 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets or Liabilities (Level 1) 
 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
 
 Year-to-Date Impairment Losses 
 Description 
 
 Total 
 Fair Value 

(In Thousands) 

Tangible compressor assets 

2,357 
 
 Identified intangible assets 
 
 20,600 
 
 (1) 

20,600 

7,866 
 
 Goodwill 

92,402 
 
 Total 

20,600 

20,600 

102,625 

(1) Fair value as of March 31, 2016 date of impairment. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers." ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those years, under either full or modified retrospective adoption. During 2016, in preparation for the adoption of ASU No. 2014-09, we began 
 
 F-17 

a review of the various types of customer contract arrangements for our compression services, aftermarket services, and equipment sales operations. These reviews include 1) accumulating all customer contractual arrangements; 2) identifying individual performance obligations pursuant to each arrangement; 3) quantifying consideration under each arrangement; 4) allocating consideration among the identified performance obligations; and 5) determining the timing of revenue recognition pursuant to each arrangement. These contract reviews are in various stages of completion. While the timing and amount of revenue recognized for a large portion of our customer contractual arrangements under ASU 2014-09 will not change, in other cases the adoption of ASU No. 2014-09 may have an impact, which we are currently evaluating and reviewing. We anticipate adopting ASU 2014-09 on January 1, 2018 using the modified retrospective adoption method. 
 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,"Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)" to clarify the guidance on principal versus agent considerations. This ASU does not change the effective date or adoption method under ASU 2014-09 which is noted above. 
 
 In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,"Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing" to clarify the guidance on identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance. This ASU does not change the effective date or adoption method under ASU 2014-09, which is noted above. 
 
 Additionally, in May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,"Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients". This ASU addresses and amends several aspects of ASU 2014-09, but does not change the core principle of the guidance. This ASU does not change the effective date or adoption method under ASU 2014-09 which is noted above. 
 
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05, "Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement." The amendments in ASU 2015-05 provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. This guidance became effective for us beginning in the first quarter of 2016, and did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory , which simplifies the subsequent measurement of inventory by requiring entities to measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value, except for inventory measured using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) or the retail inventory methods. The ASU requires entities to compare the cost of inventory to one measure - net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods, and is to be applied prospectively with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)" to increase comparability and transparency among different organizations. Organizations are required to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities in the balance sheet and disclose key information about the leasing arrangements and cash flows. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted, under a modified retrospective adoption. We are currently assessing the potential effects of these changes to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, "Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting" as part of a simplification initiative. The update addresses and simplifies several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions. As permitted under the new ASU, we plan to account for forfeitures as incurred upon adoption of this ASU. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted, and is to be applied using either modified retrospective, retrospective, or prospective transition method based on which amendment is being applied. We do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-18 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, "Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments." ASU 2016-13 amends the impairment model to utilize an expected loss methodology in place of the currently used incurred loss methodology, which will result in the more timely recognition of losses. ASU 2016-13, which has an effective date of the first quarter of fiscal 2022, also applies to employee benefit plan accounting. We are currently assessing the potential effects of these changes to our consolidated financial statements and employee benefit plan accounting. 
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, "Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments" to reduce diversity in practice in classification of certain transactions in the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted, under a retrospective transition adoption. We are currently assessing the potential effects of these changes to our consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE C RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
 Omnibus Agreement 
 
 On June 20, 2014, the Partnership, CSI Compressco GP Inc. (the "General Partner"), and TETRA Technologies, Inc. ("TETRA") entered into a First Amendment to Omnibus Agreement (the "First Amendment"). The First Amendment amended the Omnibus Agreement previously entered into on June 20, 2011 (as amended, the "Omnibus Agreement") to extend the term thereof. The Omnibus Agreement will terminate on the earlier of (i) a change of control of the General Partner or TETRA, or (ii) upon any party providing at least 180 days' prior written notice of termination. 
 
 Under the terms of the Omnibus Agreement, our General Partner provides all personnel and services reasonably necessary to manage our operations and conduct our business (other than in Mexico, Canada, and Argentina), and certain of TETRA s Latin American-based subsidiaries provide personnel and services necessary for the conduct of certain of our Latin American-based businesses. In addition, under the Omnibus Agreement, TETRA provides certain corporate and general and administrative services as requested by our General Partner, including, without limitation, legal, accounting and financial reporting, treasury, insurance administration, claims processing and risk management, health, safety and environmental, information technology, human resources, credit, payroll, internal audit, and tax services. Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, we reimburse our General Partner and TETRA for services they provide to us. For the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 , we were charged by TETRA 41.5 million , 113.9 million , and 55.3 million , respectively, for expenses incurred on our behalf as described below. Amounts charged under the Omnibus Agreement and outstanding as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 are included in Amounts Payable to Affiliates in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 In January 2017, our General Partner and TETRA agreed that 1.6 million of Amounts Payable to Affiliates as of December 31, 2016 that were charged to us by TETRA under the Omnibus Agreement would be paid with common units in lieu of cash, with the number of common units calculated based on the average trading price of our common units over a defined period. This amount represents certain corporate and general and administrative services for the fourth quarter of 2016. Pursuant to this agreement, 159,192 units were issued to TETRA in January 2017. 
 
 Under the terms of the Omnibus Agreement, we or TETRA may, but neither are under any obligation to, perform for the other such production enhancement or other oilfield services on a subcontract basis as are needed or desired by the other, for such periods of time and in such amounts as may be mutually agreed upon by TETRA and our General Partner. Any such services are required to be performed on terms that are (i) approved by the conflicts committee of our General Partner s board of directors, (ii) no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from non-affiliated third parties, as determined by our General Partner, or (iii) fair and reasonable to us, taking into account the totality of the relationships between TETRA and us (including other transactions that may be particularly favorable or advantageous to us), as determined by our General Partner. 
 
 Under the terms of the Omnibus Agreement, we or TETRA may, but are under no obligation to, sell, lease or exchange on a like-kind basis to the other such production enhancement or other oilfield services equipment as is needed or desired to meet either of our production enhancement or other oilfield services obligations, in such amounts, upon such conditions and for such periods of time, if applicable, as may be mutually agreed upon by 
 
 F-19 

TETRA and our General Partner. Any such sales, leases, or like-kind exchanges are required to be on terms that are (i) approved by the conflicts committee of our General Partner s board of directors, (ii) no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from non-affiliated third parties, as determined by our General Partner, or (iii) fair and reasonable to us, taking into account the totality of the relationships between TETRA and us (including other transactions that may be particularly favorable or advantageous to us), as determined by our General Partner. In addition, unless otherwise approved by the conflicts committee of our General Partner s board of directors, TETRA may purchase newly fabricated equipment from us at a negotiated price, provided that such price may not be less than the sum of the total costs (other than any allocations of general and administrative expenses) incurred by us in fabricating such equipment plus a fixed margin percentage thereof, and TETRA may purchase from us previously fabricated equipment for a price that is not less than the sum of the net book value of such equipment plus a fixed margin percentage thereof. 
 
 This description is not a complete discussion of this agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the complete agreement, which is filed, along with other agreements, as exhibits to our filings with the SEC. 
 
 In addition to the Omnibus Agreement, we have entered into other agreements with TETRA in the course of our operations. 
 
 TETRA and General Partner Ownership 
 
 To finance a portion of the 825.0 million CSI Acquisition purchase price, we issued and sold 15,280,000 additional common units for net proceeds of 346.0 million (the "Common Unit Offering"). TETRA, through a subsidiary of our General Partner, purchased 1,390,290 of these common units for approximately 32.7 million . In addition, in connection with our Common Unit Offering, our General Partner made a 7.3 million capital contribution to us in order to maintain its approximate 2 general partnership interest in us. Following the August 11, 2014 , exercise by the underwriters in the Common Unit Offering of their option to purchase 2,292,000 additional common units, our General Partner made an additional 1.1 million capital contribution in order to maintain its approximate 2 general partnership interest in us. 
 
 Prior to the Common Unit Offering and other transactions described above, TETRA's ownership in us was approximately 82 through its aggregate ownership of common units, subordinated units and indirect general partner interest plus incentive distribution rights. Common units held by the public represented an approximately 18 ownership in us prior to the above transactions. However, following the CSI Acquisition in 2014, the completion of our Common Unit Offering, and the underwriters' exercise of their option to purchase additional common units, TETRA's ownership interest in us was reduced to approximately 44 , with the common units held by the public representing an approximate 56 interest in us. TETRA's ownership is through various wholly owned subsidiaries and consists of approximately 42 of the limited partner interests plus the approximately 2 general partner interest, through which it holds incentive distribution rights. As a result of its ownership of common units and its general partner interest in us, TETRA received distributions of 22.3 million , 30.5 million , and 24.1 million during the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 , respectively. 
 
 In August 2016 and September 2016, we issued and sold 6,999,126 of the Preferred Units in a private placement. One of the purchasers in the Initial Private Placement was TETRA, which purchased 874,891 of the Preferred Units at the aggregate Issue Price of 10.0 million and representing 12.5 ownership of the Preferred Units. For further discussion, see Note F - Series A Convertible Preferred Units. 
 
 Indemnification Agreement 
 
 Each of our directors and officers entered into an indemnification agreement with regard to their services as a director or officer, in order to enhance the indemnification rights provided under Delaware law and our Partnership Agreement. The individual indemnification agreements provide each such director or officer with the right to receive his or her costs of defense if he or she is made a party or witness to any proceeding other than a proceeding brought by or in the right of us, provided that such director or officer has not acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud with respect to the action that gave rise to his or her participation in the proceeding. 

F-20 

NOTE D ACQUISITION 
 
 Acquisition of Compressor Systems, Inc. 
 
 On August 4, 2014 , pursuant to a stock purchase agreement dated July 20, 2014 , one of our subsidiaries acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of CSI for 825.0 million cash (the "CSI Acquisition"). Prior to the acquisition, CSI owned one of the largest fleets of natural gas compressor packages in the United States. Headquartered in Midland, Texas, CSI fabricates, sells, and maintains natural gas compressors and provides a full range of compression products and services that covers compression needs throughout the entire natural gas production and transportation cycle to natural gas and oil producing clients. CSI derives revenues through three primary business lines: compression and related services, equipment and parts sales, and aftermarket services. Strategically, the acquisition affords us the opportunity to capture significant synergies associated with our product and service offerings and our fabrication operations, further penetrate new and existing markets, and to achieve administrative efficiencies and other strategic benefits. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2014, our revenues, depreciation and amortization, and pretax earnings, excluding interest allocation, included 152.5 million , 25.2 million , and 15.8 million , respectively, associated with the acquisition of CSI after the closing on August 4, 2014. In addition, CSI Acquisition-related costs of approximately 5.5 million were incurred during the year ended December 31, 2014 related to external legal fees, transaction consulting fees, and due diligence costs. These costs have been recognized in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. Approximately 16.6 million of deferred financing costs were incurred in connection with the CSI Acquisition and are amortized over the term of the related debt. An additional 6.8 million of interim financing costs were incurred and reflected in other expense during the year ended December 31, 2014. 
 
 Pro Forma Financial Information (Unaudited) 
 
 The pro forma information presented below has been prepared to give effect to the CSI Acquisition as if the transaction had occurred at the beginning of the period presented. The pro forma information includes the impact of the allocation of the purchase price for the CSI Acquisition on revenues, depreciation and amortization, and net income. The pro forma information also excludes the impact of the CSI transaction and financing costs charged to earnings during the 2014 period. The pro forma information is presented for illustrative purposes only and is based on estimates and assumptions we deemed appropriate. The following pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of the historical results that would have been achieved if the acquisition had occurred in the past, and our operating results may have been different from those reflected in the pro forma information below. Therefore, the pro forma information should not be relied upon as an indication of the operating results that we would have achieved if the transaction had occurred at the beginning of the period presented or the future results that we will achieve after the transactions. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2014 

Revenues 

490,545 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 84,849 
 
 Net income 
 
 13,624 

Per share information: 

Net income per common unit: 

Basic 

0.54 
 
 Diluted 

0.53 

Net income per subordinated unit: 

Basic and diluted 

0.54 

F-21 

NOTE E LONG-TERM DEBT AND OTHER BORROWINGS 
 
 Long-term debt consists of the following: 

December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 

Scheduled Maturity 
 
 (In Thousands) 
 Credit Agreement (presented net of the unamortized deferred financing costs of 4.5 million as of December 31, 2016 and 5.4 million as of December 31, 2015) 
 
 August 4, 2019 

217,467 

229,555 
 
 7.25 Senior Notes (presented net of the unamortized discount of 3.3 million as of December 31, 2016 and 4.5 million as of December 31, 2015 and unamortized deferred financing costs of 6.0 million as of December 31, 2016 and 8.4 million as of December 31, 2015) 
 
 August 15, 2022 
 
 286,623 

337,103 
 
 Total debt 

504,090 

566,658 
 
 Less current portion 

Total long-term debt 

504,090 

566,658 

As a result of the retrospective adoption of ASU 2015-03 during the three months ended March 31, 2016, deferred financing costs of 13.8 million at December 31, 2015 were reclassified out of long-term other assets and are netted against the carrying values of our Credit Agreement and 7.25 Senior Notes. As of December 31, 2016 , long-term debt is presented net of deferred financing costs of 10.5 million . In addition, 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 were reclassified from Other Expense, net to Interest Expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of the year ended December 31, 2016 , 3.8 million of financing costs were expensed in interest expense. 
 
 As described below, we are in compliance with all covenants of our debt agreements as of December 31, 2016 . 
 
 The following discussion is not a complete description our long-term debt agreements or amendments and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the complete agreement and amendment, which are filed as an exhibit to our filings with the SEC. 
 
 Bank Credit Facilities 
 
 The Credit Agreement is available to provide our working capital needs, letters of credit, and for general partnership purposes, including capital expenditures and potential future expansions or acquisitions. The Credit Agreement provides that we can make distributions to holders of our common units, but only if there is no default or event of default under the facility and we maintain excess availability of 30.0 million under the Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement, which matures on August 4, 2019, bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either (a) LIBOR (adjusted to reflect any required bank reserves) for an interest period equal to one, two, three, or six months (as selected by us), plus a leverage-based margin or (b) a base rate plus a leverage-based margin; such base rate shall be determined by reference to the highest of (1) the prime rate of interest per annum announced from time to time by Bank of America, N.A., (2) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.50 per annum, and (3) LIBOR (adjusted to reflect any required bank reserves) for a one month interest period on such day plus 1.00 per annum. In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the Credit Agreement, we are required to pay a commitment fee in respect of the unutilized commitments. We are also required to pay a customary letter of credit fee equal to the applicable margin on revolving credit LIBOR loans, fronting fees, and other fees, agreed to with the administrative agent and lenders. As of December 31, 2016 , we had a balance outstanding of 222.0 million , had approximately 8.0 million letters of credit, and had availability under the Credit Agreement of approximately 85.0 million . 

F-22 

Under our Credit Agreement, we and our subsidiary CSI Compressco Sub Inc. are named as the borrowers, and all obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by all of our existing and future, direct and indirect, domestic restricted subsidiaries (other than domestic subsidiaries that are wholly owned by foreign subsidiaries). The Credit Agreement includes customary covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional debt, incur, or permit certain liens to exist, or make certain loans, investments, acquisitions, or other restricted payments. Our Credit Agreement includes a maximum credit commitment and included within the maximum amount is availability for letters of credit (with a sublimit of 20.0 million) and swingline loans (with a sublimit of 60.0 million). The amount of outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement is subject to certain limitations, including a borrowing-base calculation as described below and borrowing limitations as a result of financial covenants. During the year ended December 31, 2014, we incurred financing costs of approximately 7.0 million related to the Credit Agreement. These costs are being amortized over the term of the Credit Agreement. Also during 2014, approximately 0.8 million of unamortized deferred financing costs associated with the previous credit agreement was charged to interest expense. 
 
 On May 25, 2016, we entered into an amendment (the "Third Amendment") to our Credit Agreement that, among other things, modified certain financial covenants in the Credit Agreement. As discussed below, these financial covenants were further amended in November 2016. In addition, the Third Amendment provided for other changes related to the Credit Agreement including, among other amendments (i) reducing the maximum aggregate lender commitments from 400.0 million to 340.0 million, (ii) increasing the applicable margin by 0.25 with a range between 2.00 and 3.00 per annum for LIBOR-based loans and 1.00 to 2.00 per annum for base-rate loans, based on the applicable consolidated total leverage ratio, and (iii) imposing a requirement that we use designated consolidated cash and cash equivalent balances in excess of 35.0 million to prepay the loans as well as other provisions and restrictions. As a result of the reduction of the maximum lender commitment pursuant to the Third Amendment, unamortized deferred finance costs of 0.7 million were charged to interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2016. Pursuant to the Third Amendment, bank fees of 0.7 million were incurred during the year ended December 31, 2016 and were deferred, netting against the carrying value of the amount outstanding under our Credit Agreement. 
 
 On November 3, 2016 , we entered into an additional amendment (the "Fourth Amendment") to our Credit Agreement that, among other changes, further modified certain financial covenants in the Credit Agreement. The Fourth Amendment converted the Credit Agreement from a secured revolving credit facility into an asset-based revolving credit facility ("ABL Facility"). Borrowings under the Credit Agreement, as amended, may not exceed a borrowing base equal to the sum of (i) 80 of the aggregate net amount of our eligible accounts receivable, plus (ii) 20 of the aggregate value of any eligible parts inventory, in the event we elect to include eligible parts inventory pursuant to a notice to the administrative agent, plus (iii) 80 of the net in-place eligible compressor equipment, decreased each month by the amount of associated depreciation expense, plus (iv) 80 of the cost of new eligible compressor equipment, and minus (v) the amount of any reserves established by the administrative agent in its discretion. In addition, the Fourth Amendment imposed other requirements, including requirements related to borrowing base reporting on a monthly basis and provisions to permit periodic appraisal and inspection of collateral assets. Pursuant to the Fourth Amendment, certain additional restrictive provisions ("cash dominion provisions") are imposed if an event of default has occurred and is continuing or excess availability under the ABL Facility falls below 30.0 million. The Fourth Amendment modified certain financial covenants as follows: (i) the consolidated total leverage ratio may not exceed (a) 5.75 to 1 as of September 30, 2016, (b) 5.95 to 1 as of the fiscal quarters ended December 31, 2016 through June 30, 2018; (c) 5.75 to 1 as of September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2018; and (d) 5.50 to 1 as of March 31, 2019 and thereafter; (ii) the consolidated secured leverage ratio may not exceed (a) 3.25 to 1 as of the fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2016 through June 30, 2018; and (b) 3.50 to 1 as of September 30, 2018 and thereafter; and (iii) the consolidated interest coverage ratio may not fall below (a) 2.25 to 1 as of the fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2016 through June 30, 2018; (b) 2.50 to 1 as of September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2018; and (c) 2.75 to 1 as of March 31, 2019 and thereafter. In addition, the Fourth Amendment reduced the maximum aggregate lender commitments from 340.0 million to 315.0 million. The Fourth Amendment provides for an increase in the applicable margin by 0.25 in the event the consolidated leverage ratio exceeds 5.50 to 1, resulting in a range for the applicable margin between 2.00 and 3.25 per annum for LIBOR-based loans and 1.00 to 2.25 per annum for base-rate loans, according to the consolidated total leverage ratio. As a result of the further reduction of the aggregate lender commitments pursuant to the Fourth Amendment, unamortized deferred finance costs of 0.3 million were charged to interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2016. Pursuant to the Fourth Amendment, associated fees of 0.8 million were incurred during the year ended December 31, 2016 and were deferred, netting against the carrying value of the amount outstanding under the Credit Agreement. 

F-23 

The weighted average interest rate on borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2016 was 3.45 per annum. At December 31, 2016 , our consolidated total leverage ratio was 5.40 to 1 (compared to 5.95 to 1 maximum as required under the Credit Agreement), our consolidated secured leverage ratio was 2.35 to 1 (compared to 3.25 to 1 maximum as required under the Credit Agreement) and our consolidated interest coverage ratio was 3.13 to 1 (compared to a 2.25 to 1 minimum as required under the Credit Agreement). The consolidated total leverage ratio and the consolidated secured leverage ratio, as both are calculated under the Credit Agreement, exclude the long-term liability for the Preferred Units in the determination of total indebtedness. 
 
 7.25 Senior Notes 
 
 The obligations under the 7.25 Senior Notes due 2022 (the "7.25 Senior Notes") are jointly and severally, and fully and unconditionally, guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by each of our domestic restricted subsidiaries (other than CSI Compressco Finance) that guarantee our other indebtedness (the "Guarantors" and together with the Issuers, the "Obligors"). The 7.25 Senior Notes and the subsidiary guarantees thereof (together, the "Securities") were issued pursuant to an indenture described below. 
 
 The Obligors issued the Securities pursuant to the Indenture dated as of August 4, 2014 (the "Indenture") by and among the Obligors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the "Trustee"). The 7.25 Senior Notes accrue interest at a rate of 7.25 per annum. Interest on the 7.25 Senior Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year. The 7.25 Senior Notes are scheduled to mature on August 15, 2022. 
 
 The Indenture contains customary covenants restricting our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to: (i) pay dividends and make certain distributions, investments and other restricted payments; (ii) incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares; (iii) create certain liens; (iv) sell assets; (v) merge, consolidate, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; (vi) enter into transactions with affiliates; and (vii) designate our subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries under the Indenture. The Indenture also contains customary events of default and acceleration provisions relating to such events of default, which provide that upon an event of default under the Indenture, the Trustee or the holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of the 7.25 Senior Notes then outstanding may declare all amounts owing under the 7.25 Senior Notes to be due and payable. 
 
 During September 2016 and October 2016, we repurchased on the open market and retired 54.1 million aggregate principal amount of 7.25 Senior Notes for a purchase price of 50.9 million , at an average repurchase price of 94 of the principal amount of the 7.25 Senior Notes, plus accrued interest, utilizing a portion of the net proceeds of the sale of the Preferred Units. Following the repurchase of these 7.25 Senior Notes, 295.9 million aggregate principal amount of 7.25 Senior Notes remain outstanding. In connection with the repurchase of these 7.25 Senior Notes, 1.4 million of early extinguishment net gain was credited to other expense during the year ended December 31, 2016, representing the difference between the repurchase price and the 54.1 million aggregate principal amount of the 7.25 Senior Notes repurchased, and 1.8 million of remaining unamortized deferred finance costs and discounts associated with the repurchased 7.25 Senior Notes. 

NOTE F SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED UNITS 
 
 On August 8, 2016 and September 20, 2016 , we entered into Series A Preferred Unit Purchase Agreements (the Unit Purchase Agreements with certain purchasers with regard to our issuance and sale in private placements (the "Initial Private Placement" and "Subsequent Private Placement," respectively) of an aggregate of 6,999,126 Preferred Units for a cash purchase price of 11.43 per Preferred Unit (the Issue Price ), resulting in total net proceeds, after deducting certain offering expenses, of approximately 76.9 million . One of the purchasers in the Initial Private Placement was TETRA, which purchased 874,891 of the Preferred Units at the aggregate Issue Price of 10.0 million . Proceeds from the Initial Private Placement and Subsequent Private Placement were used to pay additional offering expenses and reduce outstanding indebtedness under our Credit Agreement and our 7.25 Senior Notes. 
 
 In connection with the closing of the Initial Private Placement, our General Partner executed a Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership (the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement to, among other things, authorize and establish the rights and preferences of the Preferred Units. The Preferred Units are a new class of equity security that will rank senior to all classes or series of equity securities of the Partnership with respect to distribution rights and rights upon liquidation. The holders of Preferred 
 
 F-24 

Units (each, a Preferred Unitholder will receive quarterly distributions, which will be paid in kind in additional Preferred Units, equal to an annual rate of 11.00 of the Issue Price 1.2573 per Preferred Unit annualized), subject to certain adjustments, divided by the 11.43 Issue Price. The rights of the Preferred Units include certain anti-dilution adjustments, including adjustments for economic dilution resulting from the issuance of common units in the future below a set price. 
 
 A ratable portion of the Preferred Units will be converted into common units on the eighth day of each month over a period of thirty months beginning in March 2017 (each, a Conversion Date ), subject to certain provisions of the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement that may delay or accelerate all or a portion of such monthly conversions. On each Conversion Date, a portion of the Preferred Units will convert into common units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership in an amount equal to, with respect to each Preferred Unitholder, the number of Preferred Units held by such Preferred Unitholder divided by the number of Conversion Dates remaining, subject to adjustment described in the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement, with the conversion price (the "Conversion Price") determined by the trading prices of the common units over the prior month, among other factors, and as otherwise impacted by the existence of certain conditions related to the common units. The maximum aggregate number of common units that could be required to be issued pursuant to the conversion provisions of the Preferred Units is potentially unlimited; however, the Partnership may, at its option, pay cash, or a combination of cash and common units, to the Preferred Unitholders instead of issuing common units on any Conversion Date, subject to certain restrictions as described in the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement and the Credit Agreement. 
 
 In addition, each purchaser may convert its Preferred Units, generally on a one-for-one basis and subject to adjustment for certain splits, combinations, reclassifications or other similar transactions and certain anti-dilution adjustments, in whole or in part, at any time following May 31, 2017 so long as any conversion is not for less than 250,000 or such lesser amount, if such conversion relates to all of such purchaser s remaining Preferred Units. The Partnership has the right to be reimbursed for any cash distributions paid with respect to common units issued in any such optional conversion until March 31, 2018. The Preferred Units will vote on an as-converted basis with the common units and will have certain other rights to vote as a class with respect to any amendment to the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement that would affect any rights, preferences or privileges of the Preferred Units, as more fully described in the Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement. 
 Because the Preferred Units may be settled using a variable number of common units, the fair value of the Preferred Units is classified as a long-term liability on our consolidated balance sheet in accordance with ASC 480 "Distinguishing Liabilities and Equity." The fair value of the Preferred Units as of December 31, 2016 was 88.1 million . Changes in the fair value during each quarterly period, including the 5.0 million increase in fair value during the fourth quarter of 2016 subsequent to the issuance of the Preferred Units, are charged to other expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Based on the conversion provisions of the Preferred Units, and using the Conversion Price calculated as of December 31, 2016 , the theoretical number of common units that would be issued if all of the Preferred Units were settled as of December 31, 2016 would be approximately 8.7 million common units, with an aggregate market value of 84.5 million . A 1 decrease in the average trading price per common unit would result in the issuance of approximately 1.0 million additional common units pursuant to these conversion provisions. 
 
 In addition, the Unit Purchase Agreements include certain provisions regarding change of control, transfer of Preferred Units, indemnities, and other matters described in detail in the respective Unit Purchase Agreement. In connection with the closings of the Initial and Subsequent Private Placement, we paid total transaction fees of 2.1 million to our financial advisors for these transactions. These transaction fees were charged to other expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Unit Purchase Agreements contain customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Partnership and the purchasers. 

NOTE G LEASES 
 
 We lease some of our office space, warehouse space, operating locations, and machinery and equipment. The office, warehouse, and operating location leases, which vary from one to five year terms that expire at various dates through 2021 and are renewable for three and five year periods on similar terms, are classified as operating leases and generally require us to pay all maintenance and insurance costs. 
 
 Future minimum lease payments by year and in the aggregate, under leases with terms of one year or more, consist of the following at December 31, 2016 : 
 
 F-25 

Operating Leases 
 
 (In Thousands) 
 2017 
 
 2,789 
 
 2018 
 1,108 
 
 2019 
 376 
 
 2020 
 223 
 
 2021 
 152 
 
 After 2020 

Total minimum lease payments 
 
 4,648 

Rental expense for all operating leases was 7.2 million , 9.2 million , and 5.1 million in 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 , respectively. 

NOTE H INCOME TAXES 
 
 As a partnership, we are generally not subject to income taxes at the entity level because our income is included in the tax returns of our partners. Our operations are treated as a partnership for federal tax purposes with each partner being separately taxed on its share of taxable income. However, a portion of our business is conducted through taxable U.S. corporate subsidiaries. Accordingly, a U.S. federal and state income tax provision has been reflected in the accompanying statements of operations. We have a tax sharing agreement with TETRA with respect to the Texas franchise tax liability. The resulting state tax expense is included in the provision for income taxes. Certain of our operations are located outside of the U.S., and the Partnership is responsible for income taxes in these countries. 

The income tax provision (benefit) attributable to our operations for the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 consists of the following: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

(In Thousands) 
 Current 

Federal 

(1,632) 

(50) 
 State 
 
 836 

1,330 

172 
 
 Foreign 
 
 999 

806 

2,220 

1,835 

504 

2,342 
 
 Deferred 

Federal 

(847) 
 
 (2,764) 
 State 
 
 (8) 
 
 (354) 
 
 (122) 
 Foreign 
 
 38 

596 

(628) 

30 

(605) 
 
 (3,514) 
 Total tax provision (benefit) 

1,865 

(101) 

(1,172) 

A reconciliation of the provision (benefit) for income taxes, computed by applying the federal statutory rate to income before income taxes and the reported income taxes, is as follows: 
 
 F-26 

Year Ended December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

(In Thousands) 
 Income (loss) tax provision computed at statutory federal income tax rates 

(46,332) 

(49,888) 

3,429 
 
 Partnership (earnings) losses 
 
 46,332 

49,888 

(3,429) 
 Corporate subsidiary earnings (loss) subject to federal tax 
 
 (33,791) 
 
 (36,712) 
 
 (2,917) 
 Impact of goodwill impairments 
 
 2,134 

3,341 

Valuation allowances 
 
 33,056 

33,682 

Income tax expense attributable to foreign earnings 
 
 1,297 

92 

1,592 
 
 State income taxes (net of federal benefit) 
 
 (849) 
 
 (619) 
 
 97 
 
 Nondeductible expenses 
 
 23 

79 

56 
 
 Other 
 
 (5) 
 
 36 

Total tax provision (benefit) 

1,865 

(101) 

(1,172) 

Income (loss) before income tax provision includes the following components: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

(In Thousands) 
 Domestic 

(146,007) 

(150,814) 

2,578 
 
 International 
 
 9,734 

4,083 

7,508 
 
 Total 

(136,273) 

(146,731) 

10,086 

We file U.S. federal, state, and foreign income tax returns on behalf of all of our consolidated subsidiaries. With few exceptions, we are not subject to U.S. federal, state, local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2010. We file tax returns in the U.S. and in various state, local and non-U.S. jurisdictions. The following table summarizes the earliest tax years that remain subject to examination by taxing authorities in any major jurisdiction in which we operate: 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 Earliest Open Tax Period 
 United States Federal 
 2013 
 United States State and Local 
 2012 
 Non-U.S. jurisdictions 
 2010 

We use the liability method for reporting income taxes, under which current and deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded in accordance with enacted tax laws and rates. Under this method, at the end of each period, the amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined using the tax rate expected to be in effect when the taxes are actually paid or recovered. We establish a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. While we consider future taxable income and ongoing tax planning strategies in assessing the need for the valuation allowance, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to realize all of our deferred tax assets. Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

F-27 

Deferred Tax Assets 

December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 

(In Thousands) 
 Inventory reserve 

690 

1,016 
 
 Excess tax over book basis in long-lived assets 
 
 34,595 

15,795 
 
 Accruals 
 
 452 

680 
 
 Net operating losses 
 
 33,300 

21,661 
 
 Bad debt reserve 
 
 472 

443 
 
 Other 
 
 84 

82 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 
 69,593 

39,677 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 
 (69,176) 
 
 (36,325) 
 Net deferred tax assets 

417 

3,352 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 

(In Thousands) 
 Accruals 

269 

2,889 
 
 All other 
 
 838 

1,099 
 
 Total deferred tax liability 
 
 1,107 

3,988 
 
 Net deferred tax liability 

690 

636 

At December 31, 2016 , we have approximately 33.3 million of federal, foreign, and state net operating loss carryforwards/carrybacks. In those foreign jurisdictions and states in which net operating losses are subject to an expiration period, our loss carryforwards, if not utilized, will expire from 2019 to 2035. Utilization of the net operating loss and credit carryforwards may be subject to a significant annual limitation due to ownership changes that have occurred previously or could occur in the future provided by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

The increases in the valuation allowance during the years ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 were 33.0 million , 34.1 million , and 2.2 million , respectively. The change in the valuation allowance during 2016 primarily relates to deferred tax assets associated with losses generated in our U.S. corporate subsidiaries and certain foreign jurisdictions. We believe that it is more likely than not we will not realize all the tax benefits of the deferred tax assets within the allowable carryforward period. Therefore, an appropriate valuation allowance has been provided. 
 
 In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17. The update changes how deferred taxes are classified on the balance sheet, eliminating the existing requirement for organizations to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, organizations are required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2016. As permitted by ASU 2015-17, we elected to early adopt this guidance effective December 31, 2015. The impact of the retrospective adoption of this standard was not material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 ASC 740 provides guidance on measurement and recognition in accounting for income tax uncertainties and provides related guidance on derecognition, classification, disclosure, interest, and penalties. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015 , the Partnership had no material unrecognized tax benefits (as defined in ASC 740-10). We do not expect to incur interest charges or penalties related to our tax positions, but if such charges or penalties are incurred, our policy is to account for interest charges as interest expense and penalties as tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 F-28 

NOTE I COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 
 From time to time, we are involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. While the outcome of these lawsuits or other proceedings against us cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not consider it reasonably possible that a loss resulting from such lawsuits or proceedings in excess of any amounts accrued has been incurred that is expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 NOTE J EQUITY-BASED COMPENSATION 
 
 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan 
 
 We have granted phantom unit and performance phantom unit awards to certain employees, officers, and directors of our general partner pursuant to the CSI Compressco LP Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan. Awards of phantom units generally vest over a three year period. Awards of performance phantom units cliff vest at the end of a performance period and are settled based on achievement of related performance measures over the performance period. Each of the phantom unit and performance phantom unit awards includes distribution equivalent rights that enable the recipient to receive additional units equal in value to the accumulated cash distributions made on the units subject to the award from the date of grant. Accumulated distributions associated with each underlying unit are payable upon settlement of the related phantom unit award (and are forfeited if the related award is forfeited). Phantom units are notional units that entitle the grantee to receive a common unit upon the vesting of the award. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016 , we granted to certain officers and employees an aggregate of 396,692 phantom unit and performance phantom unit awards, having an average market value (equal to the closing price of the common units on the dates of grant) of 8.38 per unit, or an aggregate market value of 3.3 million . During the year ended December 31, 2015 , we granted to certain officers and employees 180,136 phantom and performance phantom unit awards, having an average market value (equal to the closing price of the common units on the dates of grant) of 20.35 per unit, or an aggregate market value of 3.9 million . During the year ended December 31, 2014 , we granted to certain officers and employees 208,671 restricted common unit awards, having an average market value (equal to the closing price of the common units on the dates of grant) of 22.89 per unit, or an aggregate market value of 4.8 million . The fair value of awards vesting during 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 was approximately 1.5 million , 1.1 million , and 1.3 million , respectively. The fair value of awards is amortized straight-line over the vesting period. Adjustments to the amortized expense related to performance phantom units may be recognized prior to vesting depending on the expected achievement of the performance target. 

The following is a summary of unit activity for the year ended December 31, 2016 : 

Units 
 
 Weighted Average 
 Grant Date Fair 
 Value Per Unit 

(In Thousands) 

Nonvested units outstanding at December 31, 2015 (1) 
 
 309 

21.77 
 
 Units granted 
 
 397 

8.34 
 
 Exercised/released 
 
 (74) 
 
 20.07 
 
 Cancelled/forfeited 
 
 (23) 
 
 17.07 
 
 Nonvested units outstanding at December 31, 2016 (2) 
 
 609 

13.41 

(1) 
 This number excludes 91,892 performance-based phantom units, which represent the maximum number of common units that would be issued if the maximum level of performance under the awards is achieved. 
 (2) 
 This number excludes an additional 216,849 performance-based phantom units, which, when combined with the 289,830 granted, represents the maximum number of common units that would be issued if the maximum level of performance under the awards is achieved. The number of units actually issued under the awards may range from zero to 433,698 . 
 
 Total estimated unrecognized equity-based compensation expense from unvested units as of December 31, 2016 , was approximately 3.4 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 1.6 years. The amount recognized in 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 was approximately 3.0 million , 2.2 million , and 1.5 million , respectively, and included in selling, general, and administrative expense. 
 
 F-29 

NOTE K MARKET RISKS AND DERIVATIVE CONTRACTS 
 
 We are exposed to financial and market risks that affect our businesses. We have currency exchange rate risk exposure related to transactions denominated in a foreign currency as well as to investments in certain of our international operations. As a result of our variable rate bank credit facility, we face market risk exposure related to changes in applicable interest rates. We have concentrations of credit risk as a result of trade receivables owed to us by companies in the energy industry. Our financial risk management activities may at times involve, among other measures, the use of derivative financial instruments, such as swap and collar agreements, to hedge the impact of market price risk exposures. 
 
 Foreign Currency Derivative Contracts 
 
 We enter into 30-day foreign currency forward derivative contracts as part of a program designed to mitigate the currency exchange rate risk exposure on selected transactions of certain foreign subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015 , we had the following foreign currency derivative contracts outstanding relating to a portion of our foreign operations: 

December 31, 2016 

US Dollar Notional Amount 
 
 Traded Exchange Rate 
 
 Settlement Date 

(In Thousands) 

Forward sale Mexican peso 

2,483 

20.18 

1/18/2017 

December 31, 2015 

US Dollar Notional Amount 
 
 Traded Exchange Rate 
 
 Settlement Date 

(In Thousands) 

Forward sale Mexican peso 

4,641 

17.45 

1/19/2016 

Under a program designed to mitigate the currency exchange rate risk exposure on selected transactions of certain foreign subsidiaries, we may enter into similar derivative contracts from time to time. Although contracts pursuant to this program will serve as economic hedges of the cash flow of our currency exchange risk exposure, they will not be formally designated as hedge contracts or qualify for hedge accounting treatment. Accordingly, any change in the fair value of these derivative instruments during a period will be included in the determination of earnings for that period. 
 
 The fair values of our foreign currency derivative instruments are based on quoted market values as reported to us by our counterparty (a Level 2 fair value measurement). The fair value of our foreign currency derivative instruments as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 , are as follows: 

Balance Sheet 
 
 Fair Value at 
 
 Fair Value at 
 Foreign currency derivative instruments 
 
 Location 
 
 December 31, 2016 
 
 December 31, 2015 

(In Thousands) 
 Forward sale contracts 
 
 Current assets 

57 

Forward sale contracts 
 
 Current liabilities 

(14) 
 Total 

57 

(14) 

None of the foreign currency derivative contracts contains credit risk related contingent features that would require us to post assets or collateral for contracts that are classified as liabilities. During the year ended December 31, 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 , we recognized approximately 378,000 of net gains, 514,000 of net gains and 3,000 of net losses, respectively, associated with our foreign currency derivative program, and such amount is included in other expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 NOTE L EARNINGS PER COMMON AND SUBORDINATED UNIT 
 
 The computations of earnings per common and subordinated unit are based on the weighted average number of common and subordinated units, respectively, outstanding during the applicable full-year period. Our subordinated units met the definition of a participating security and therefore we are required to use the two-class method in the computation of earnings per unit. Effective August 18, 2014, all of the 6,273,970 subordinated units were automatically converted on a one-for-one basis into common units. Basic earnings per common and subordinated unit are determined by dividing net income (loss) allocated to the common units and subordinated units, respectively, after deducting the amount allocated to our General Partner (including distributions to our General Partner on its incentive distribution rights), by the weighted average number of outstanding common and subordinated units, respectively, during the period. 
 
 When computing earnings per common and subordinated unit under the two-class method in periods when distributions are greater than earnings, the amount of the distributions is deducted from net income and the excess of distributions over earnings is allocated between the General Partner, common and subordinated units based on how our partnership agreement allocates net losses. 
 
 When earnings are greater than distributions, we determine cash distributions based on available cash and determine the actual incentive distributions allocable to our General Partner based on actual distributions. When computing earnings per common and subordinated unit, the amount of the assumed incentive distribution rights, if any, is deducted from net income and allocated to our General Partner for the period to which the calculation relates. The remaining amount of net income, after deducting the assumed incentive distribution rights, is allocated between the General Partner, common and subordinated units based on how our Partnership Agreement allocates net earnings. 
 
 The following is a reconciliation of the weighted average number of common and subordinated units outstanding to the number of common and subordinated units used in the computations of net income per common and subordinated unit. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

Common 
 Units 
 
 Subordinated 
 Units 
 
 Common 
 Units 
 
 Subordinated 
 Units 
 
 Common Units 
 
 Subordinated Units 
 Number of weighted average units outstanding 
 
 33,262,376 

33,169,413 

18,928,640 

3,953,461 
 
 Unit awards outstanding 

Average diluted units outstanding 
 
 33,262,376 

33,169,413 

18,928,640 

3,953,461 

Diluted earnings per unit are computed using the treasury stock method, which considers the potential future issuance of limited partner common units. Unvested phantom units are not included in basic earnings per common unit, as they are not considered to be participating securities, but are included in the calculation of diluted earnings per common unit. As of December 31, 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 approximately 9,707 , 29,372 , and 114,026 incremental units, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted units because the impact was anti-dilutive. Following the issuance of the Preferred Units, diluted earnings per common unit are computed using the "if converted" method, whereby the amount of net income (loss) and the number of common units issuable are each adjusted as if the Preferred Units had been converted as of the date of issuance. The number of common units that may be issued upon future conversion of the Preferred Units is excluded from the calculation of diluted common units, as the impact would be antidilutive due to the net loss recorded during the year ended December 31, 2016 . 

F-30 

NOTE M SEGMENTS 
 
 ASC 280-10-50, Operating Segments , defines the characteristics of an operating segment as (i) being engaged in business activity from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, (ii) being reviewed by the company's chief operating decision maker ("CODM") to make decisions about resources to be allocated and to assess its performance, and (iii) having discrete financial information. Although management of our General Partner reviews our products and services to analyze the nature of our revenue, other financial information, such as certain costs and expenses, net income, and EBITDA are not captured or analyzed by these items. Our CODM does not make resource allocation decisions or assess the performance of the business based on these items, but rather in the aggregate. Based on this, our General Partner believes that we operate in one business segment. 

NOTE N GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION 

We are domiciled in the United States of America, with operations in Latin America, Canada, and to a lesser extent, in other countries located in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region. We attribute revenue to the countries based on the location of customers. Long-lived assets consist primarily of compressor packages and are attributed to the countries based on the physical location of the compressor packages at a given year-end. Information by geographic area is as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

(In Thousands) 
 Revenues from external customers: 

U.S. 

270,828 

411,028 

228,044 
 
 Latin America 
 
 32,673 

36,843 

40,372 
 
 Canada 
 
 2,666 

4,282 

6,860 
 
 Other 
 
 5,196 

5,488 

7,371 
 
 Total 

311,363 

457,641 

282,647 
 
 Identifiable assets: 

U.S. 

733,077 

907,028 

1,155,927 
 
 Latin America 
 
 48,303 

54,362 

51,036 
 
 Canada 
 
 2,895 

2,307 

5,915 
 
 Other 
 
 1,865 

2,930 

4,173 
 
 Total identifiable assets 

786,140 

966,627 

1,217,051 

F-31 

NOTE O SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 The 295.9 million in aggregate principal amount of the 7.25 Senior Notes as of December 31, 2016 is fully and unconditionally guaranteed, subject to certain customary release provisions, on a joint and several senior unsecured basis, by the following domestic restricted subsidiaries which are each a 100 owned subsidiary (each a "Guarantor Subsidiary" and collectively the "Guarantor Subsidiaries"): 
 
 Compressor Systems, Inc. 
 CSI Compressco Field Services International LLC 
 CSI Compressco Holdings LLC 
 CSI Compressco International LLC 
 CSI Compressco Leasing LLC 
 CSI Compressco Operating LLC 
 CSI Compressco Sub, Inc. 
 CSI Compression Holdings, LLC 
 Pump Systems International, Inc. 
 Rotary Compressor Systems, Inc. 
 
 As a result of these guarantees, we are presenting the following condensed consolidating financial information pursuant to Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X. These schedules are presented using the equity method of accounting for all periods presented. Under this method, investments in subsidiaries are recorded at cost and adjusted for our share in the subsidiaries cumulative results of operations, capital contributions and distributions and other changes in equity. Elimination entries relate primarily to the elimination of investments in subsidiaries and associated intercompany balances and transactions. The Other Subsidiaries column includes financial information for those subsidiaries that do not guarantee the 7.25 Senior Notes. In addition to the financial information of the Partnership, financial information of the Issuers includes CSI Compressco Finance Inc., which had no assets or operations for any of the periods presented. 
 
 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet 
 December 31, 2016 
 (In Thousands) 

Issuers 
 
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 Other Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 
 
 Consolidated 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

35 

74,574 

27,395 

102,004 
 
 Property, plant, and equipment, net 

624,051 

22,955 

647,006 
 
 Investments in subsidiaries 
 
 214,703 

15,112 

(229,815) 

Intangible and other assets, net 

36,794 

336 

37,130 
 
 Intercompany receivables 
 
 312,227 

(312,227) 

Total non-current assets 
 
 526,930 

675,957 

23,291 

(542,042) 
 
 684,136 
 
 Total assets 

526,965 

750,531 

50,686 

(542,042) 

786,140 

LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' CAPITAL 

Current liabilities 

8,089 

31,789 

3,856 

43,734 
 
 Amounts payable to affiliate 
 
 874 

3,780 

1,526 

6,180 
 
 Long-term debt 
 
 286,623 

217,467 

504,090 
 
 Series A Preferred Units 
 
 88,130 

88,130 
 
 Intercompany payables 

282,753 

29,474 

(312,227) 

Other long-term liabilities 

39 

718 

757 
 
 Total liabilities 
 
 383,716 

535,828 

35,574 

(312,227) 
 
 642,891 
 
 Total partners' capital 
 
 143,249 

214,703 

15,112 

(229,815) 
 
 143,249 
 
 Total liabilities and partners' capital 

526,965 

750,531 

50,686 

(542,042) 

786,140 

F-32 

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet 
 December 31, 2015 
 (In Thousands) 

Issuers 
 
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 Other Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 
 
 Consolidated 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

6 

95,246 

30,948 

126,200 
 
 Property, plant, and equipment, net 

674,743 

24,537 

699,280 
 
 Investments in subsidiaries 
 
 371,702 

13,332 

(385,034) 

Intangible and other assets, net 

139,819 

1,328 

141,147 
 
 Intercompany receivables 
 
 308,064 

(308,064) 

Total non-current assets 
 
 679,766 

827,894 

25,865 

(693,098) 
 
 840,427 
 
 Total assets 

679,772 

923,140 

56,813 

(693,098) 

966,627 

LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' CAPITAL 

Current liabilities 

10,468 

45,238 

3,041 

58,747 
 
 Amounts payable to affiliate 
 
 44 

5,357 

2,752 

8,153 
 
 Long-term debt 
 
 337,102 

229,556 

566,658 
 
 Intercompany payables 

271,231 

36,833 

(308,064) 

Other long-term liabilities 

56 

855 

911 
 
 Total liabilities 
 
 347,614 

551,438 

43,481 

(308,064) 
 
 634,469 
 
 Total partners' capital 
 
 332,158 

371,702 

13,332 

(385,034) 
 
 332,158 
 
 Total liabilities and partners' capital 

679,772 

923,140 

56,813 

(693,098) 

966,627 

F-33 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations 
 and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 December 31, 2016 
 (In Thousands) 

Issuers 
 
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 Other Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 
 
 Consolidated 
 Revenues 

283,846 

38,653 

(11,136) 

311,363 
 
 Cost of revenues (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) 

175,314 

27,082 

(11,136) 
 
 191,260 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

69,327 

2,796 

72,123 
 
 Impairments of long-lived assets 

10,154 

69 

10,223 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 
 3,969 

30,574 

1,679 

36,222 
 
 Goodwill impairment 

91,575 

759 

92,334 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 
 24,667 

13,388 

38,055 
 
 Series A Preferred FV Adjustment 
 
 5,036 

5,036 
 
 Other expense, net 
 
 737 

44 

1,602 

2,383 
 
 Equity in net (income) loss of subsidiaries 
 
 103,729 

(3,798) 

(99,931) 

Income (loss) before income tax provision 
 
 (138,138) 
 
 (102,732) 
 
 4,666 

99,931 

(136,273) 
 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

997 

868 

1,865 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 
 (138,138) 
 
 (103,729) 
 
 3,798 

99,931 

(138,138) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 (2,018) 
 
 (2,018) 
 
 (2,018) 
 
 4,036 

(2,018) 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 

(140,156) 

(105,747) 

1,780 

103,967 

(140,156) 

F-34 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations 
 and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 December 31, 2015 
 (In Thousands) 

Issuers 
 
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 Other Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 
 
 Consolidated 
 Revenues 

435,954 

42,956 

(21,269) 

457,641 
 
 Cost of revenues (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) 

280,479 

31,450 

(21,269) 
 
 290,660 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

78,185 

3,653 

81,838 
 
 Impairments of long-lived assets 

11,797 

11,797 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 
 2,314 

39,113 

2,052 

43,479 
 
 Goodwill impairment 

138,035 

1,409 

139,444 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 
 26,740 

8,224 

34,964 
 
 Other expense, net 
 
 406 

(272) 
 
 2,056 

2,190 
 
 Equity in net income of subsidiaries 

117,170 

(1,086) 

(116,084) 

Income (loss) before income tax provision 
 
 (146,630) 
 
 (118,521) 
 
 2,336 

116,084 

(146,731) 
 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

(1,351) 
 
 1,250 

(101) 
 Net income (loss) 
 
 (146,630) 
 
 (117,170) 
 
 1,086 

116,084 

(146,630) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 (5,057) 
 
 (5,057) 
 
 (5,057) 
 
 10,114 

(5,057) 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 

(151,687) 

(122,227) 

(3,971) 

126,198 

(151,687) 

F-35 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations 
 and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 December 31, 2014 
 (In Thousands) 

Issuers 
 
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 Other Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 
 
 Consolidated 
 Revenues 

249,284 

49,172 

(15,809) 

282,647 
 
 Cost of revenues (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) 

152,940 

37,536 

(15,809) 
 
 174,667 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

39,550 

1,330 

40,880 
 
 Impairments of long-lived assets 

278 

278 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 
 1,544 

27,306 

3,250 

32,100 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 
 11,507 

2,630 

103 

14,240 
 
 Other expense, net 
 
 502 

6,201 

3,693 

10,396 
 
 Equity in net income of subsidiaries 

(24,811) 
 
 (1,832) 

26,643 

Income before income tax provision 
 
 11,258 

22,211 

3,260 

(26,643) 
 
 10,086 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

(2,600) 
 
 1,428 

(1,172) 
 Net income 
 
 11,258 

24,811 

1,832 

(26,643) 
 
 11,258 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 (3,749) 
 
 (3,749) 
 
 (3,749) 
 
 7,498 

(3,749) 
 Comprehensive income 

7,509 

21,062 

(1,917) 

(19,145) 

7,509 

F-36 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 
 December 31, 2016 
 (In Thousands) 

Issuers 
 
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 Other Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 
 
 Consolidated 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(26,052) 

86,348 

1,148 

61,444 
 
 Investing activities: 

Purchases of property, plant, and equipment, net 

(10,895) 
 
 236 

(10,659) 
 Intercompany investment activity 
 
 51,254 

(51,254) 

Advances and other investing activities 

(22) 

(22) 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 
 51,254 

(10,917) 
 
 236 

(51,254) 
 
 (10,681) 
 Financing activities: 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

109,000 

109,000 
 
 Payments of long-term debt 
 
 (50,882) 
 
 (122,000) 

(172,882) 
 Proceeds from issuance of Series A Preferred 
 
 76,934 

76,934 
 
 Distributions 
 
 (51,254) 

(51,254) 
 Intercompany contribution (distribution) 

(51,254) 

51,254 

Financing costs and other 

(1,688) 

(1,688) 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 
 (25,202) 
 
 (65,942) 

51,254 

(39,890) 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

(696) 

(696) 
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

9,489 

688 

10,177 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

2,712 

7,908 

10,620 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

12,201 

8,596 

20,797 

F-37 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 
 December 31, 2015 
 (In Thousands) 

Issuers 
 
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 Other Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 
 
 Consolidated 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

84,351 

17,542 

101,893 
 
 Investing activities: 

Purchases of property, plant, and equipment, net 

(76,553) 
 
 (18,719) 

(95,272) 
 Intercompany investment activity 
 
 68,360 

(68,360) 

Advances and other investing activities 

(69) 

(69) 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 
 68,360 

(76,622) 
 
 (18,719) 
 
 (68,360) 
 
 (95,341) 
 Financing activities: 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

63,000 

63,000 
 
 Payments of long-term debt 

(23,000) 

(23,000) 
 Distributions 
 
 (68,360) 

(68,360) 
 Intercompany contribution (distribution) 

(68,360) 

68,360 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 
 (68,360) 
 
 (28,360) 

68,360 

(28,360) 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

(1,638) 

(1,638) 
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

(20,631) 
 
 (2,815) 

(23,446) 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

23,343 

10,723 

34,066 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

2,712 

7,908 

10,620 

F-38 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 
 December 31, 2014 
 (In Thousands) 

Issuers 
 
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 Other Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 
 
 Consolidated 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

14,688 

22,767 

7,364 

44,819 
 
 Investing activities: 

Purchases of property, plant, and equipment, net 

(44,313) 
 
 (3,824) 

(48,137) 
 Acquisition of CSI 

(825,000) 

(825,000) 
 Intercompany investment activity 
 
 (367,512) 
 
 (2,633) 

370,145 

Advances and other investing activities 

(805) 

(805) 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 
 (367,512) 
 
 (872,751) 
 
 (3,824) 
 
 370,145 

(873,942) 
 Financing activities: 

Proceeds from long-term debt 
 
 344,961 

257,897 

602,858 
 
 Payments of long-term debt 

(93,584) 

(93,584) 
 Proceeds from issuance of partnership common units, net of underwriters' discount 
 
 395,794 

395,794 
 
 Distributions 
 
 (36,687) 

(36,687) 
 Payment of financing costs 
 
 (9,649) 
 
 (12,837) 

(22,486) 
 Intercompany contribution (distribution) 

367,512 

2,633 

(370,145) 

Intercompany loan activity 
 
 (350,000) 
 
 350,000 

Contribution from general partner 
 
 8,405 

8,405 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 
 352,824 

868,988 

2,633 

(370,145) 
 
 854,300 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

(588) 

(588) 
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

19,004 

5,585 

24,589 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

4,339 

5,138 

9,477 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

23,343 

10,723 

34,066 

NOTE P QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Unaudited) 
 
 Summarized quarterly financial data for 2016 and 2015 is as follows: 

Three Months Ended 2016 

March 31 
 
 June 30 
 
 September 30 
 
 December 31 

(In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 
 Total revenues 

81,692 

76,089 

70,714 

82,868 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 
 (105,349) 
 
 (4,680) 
 
 (15,971) 
 
 (12,138) 
 Net income (loss) per common unit 

(3.11) 

(0.14) 

(0.47) 

(0.36) 
 Net income (loss) per diluted common unit 

(3.11) 

(0.14) 

(0.47) 

(0.36) 

F-39 

Three Months Ended 2015 

March 31 
 
 June 30 
 
 September 30 
 
 December 31 

(In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 
 Total revenues 

102,889 

126,465 

128,924 

99,363 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 
 1,808 

1,163 

1,619 

(151,220) 
 Net income (loss) per common unit 

0.04 

0.02 

0.04 

(4.47) 
 Net income (loss) per diluted common unit 

0.04 

0.02 

0.04 

(4.47) 

Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2016, includes the impact of 92.3 million for goodwill impairment and 7.9 million for certain impairments of long-lived assets. Net loss for the three months ended December 31, 2016 , includes the impact of 2.4 million for impairments of long-lived assets. 
 
 Net loss for the three months ended December 31, 2015 , includes the impact of 139.4 million for goodwill impairment and 11.8 million for impairment of certain impairments of long-lived assets. 

NOTE Q SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
 
 On January 20, 2017 , our General Partner declared a cash distribution attributable to the quarter ended December 31, 2016 of 0.3775 per common unit. This distribution equates to a distribution of 1.51 per outstanding common unit on an annualized basis. Also on January 20, 2017 , our General Partner approved the paid in kind distribution of 193,563 Preferred Units attributable to the quarter ended December 31, 2016 in accordance with the provisions of our partnership agreement, as amended. These distributions were paid on February 14, 2017 , to the holders of common units and Preferred Units, respectively, of record as of the close of business February 1, 2017 . 
 
 F-40 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 cclp20161231ex108.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.8

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.8 
 
 Summary Description of the Compensation of 
 Non-Employee Directors of CSI Compressco GP Inc. 
 
 As of January 1, 2016, each director who is not an employee of CSI Compressco GP Inc. (the "general partner"), TETRA Technologies, Inc., or any of its subsidiaries ("TETRA"), receives non-cash compensation of 60,000 per year for attending regularly scheduled board meetings. The non-cash compensation is paid for the upcoming service year in the form of phantom unit awards that have an intended value of 60,000, prorated for any newly-elected director to such director's date of election and that vest over the service year as set forth below. Directors who are appointed as the chairmen of our Conflicts Committee and Audit Committee receive additional non-cash compensation of 5,000 and 10,000 per year, respectively, prorated from their respective dates of appointment in their initial year of service, which is also paid in the form of phantom unit awards. All such awards of phantom units are granted under our Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan. Directors are reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their service as directors. In addition, each non-employee director is paid an annual cash retainer of 60,000 per year, paid in quarterly installments. Effective July 1, 2016, the Board of Directors voluntarily agreed to a 10 reduction in the annual cash retainer to align with the employee wage and salary reductions implemented in 2016. The value of the equity award remains unchanged. 
 
 Directors who are also our officers or employees, or officers or employees of TETRA, do not receive any compensation for duties performed as our directors. Consequently, none of Mr. Knox, President of the general partner, Mr. Brightman, the President and Chief Executive Officer of TETRA, or Mr. Elkhoury, the Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of TETRA, was compensated for his service as a director during 2016. 
 
 All Non-Employee Directors are reimbursed for out-of-pocket travel expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Board of Directors and committees. 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 3
 cclp20161231ex109.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.9

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.9 
 
 Summary Description of 
 Named Executive Officer Compensation 
 
 There have been no changes in compensation for current officers who were identified as named executive officers in the Partnership's 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-21>
 4
 cclp20161231ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 21 
 
 CSI Compressco LP 
 List of Subsidiaries or Other Related Entities 
 December 31, 2016 
 
 Name 
 Jurisdiction 
 Compressco, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Compressco Testing, L.L.C. 
 Oklahoma 
 Compressco Field Services, LLC 
 Oklahoma 
 CSI Compressco GP Inc. 
 Delaware 
 CSI Compressco Investment LLC 
 Delaware 
 CSI Compressco LP 
 Delaware 
 CSI Compressco Sub Inc. 
 Delaware 
 CSI Compressco Finance Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Compressor Systems, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 CSI Compression Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Rotary Compressor Systems, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Compressor Systems de Mexico, S. de RL de CV 
 Mexico 
 Compressor Systems Australia Pty Ltd 
 Australia 
 Pump Systems International, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 CSI Compressco Operating LLC 
 Delaware 
 Compressco Australia Pty Ltd. 
 Australia 
 CSI Compressco Field Services International LLC 
 Delaware 
 Compressco de Argentina SRL 
 Argentina 
 CSI Compressco International LLC 
 Delaware 
 CSI Compressco Leasing LLC 
 Delaware 
 Compressco Netherlands Cooperatief U.A. 
 Netherlands 
 Compressco Netherlands B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Compressco Canada, Inc. 
 Canada 
 CSI Compressco Mexico Investment I LLC 
 Delaware 
 Compressco de Mexico S. de RL de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 CSI Compressco Mexico Investment II LLC 
 Delaware 
 Providence Natural Gas, LLC 
 Oklahoma 
 Production Enhancement Mexico, S. de RL de C.V. 
 Mexico 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 cclp20161231ex231.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-204654) of CSI Compressco LP and the related Prospectus, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-195438) of Compressco Partners, L.P. and the related Prospectus, 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-214456) of CSI Compressco LP and the related Prospectus, and 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-175007) of Compressco Partners, L.P.; 
 of our report dated February 28, 2017 , with respect to the consolidated financial statements of CSI Compressco LP, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of CSI Compressco LP, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of CSI Compressco LP for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 
 /s/ERNST YOUNG LLP 

Houston, Texas 
 February 28, 2017 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 cclp20161231ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Timothy A. Knox, certify that: 
 
 1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 , of CSI Compressco LP; 
 
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
 
 a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: 
 February 28, 2017 
 /s/Timothy A. Knox 

Timothy A. Knox 

President of CSI Compressco GP Inc., 

General Partner of CSI Compressco LP 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 cclp20161231ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Derek C. Coffie, certify that: 
 
 1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 , of CSI Compressco LP; 
 
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
 
 a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date: 
 February 28, 2017 
 /s/Derek C. Coffie 

Derek C. Coffie 

Chief Financial Officer of CSI Compressco GP Inc., 

General Partner of CSI Compressco LP 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 cclp20161231ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of CSI Compressco LP (the Partnership on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2016 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy A. Knox, President of CSI Compressco GP Inc., the General Partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 (1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 (2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 
 
 Dated: 
 February 28, 2017 
 /s/Timothy A. Knox 

Timothy A. Knox 

President of CSI Compressco GP Inc., 

General Partner of CSI Compressco LP 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Partnership and will be retained by the Partnership and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 cclp20161231ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of CSI Compressco LP (the Partnership on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2016 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Derek C. Coffie, Chief Financial Officer of CSI Compressco GP Inc., the General Partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 (1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 (2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 
 
 Dated: 
 February 28, 2017 
 /s/Derek C. Coffie 

Derek C. Coffie 

Chief Financial Officer of CSI Compressco GP Inc., 

General Partner of CSI Compressco LP 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Partnership and will be retained by the Partnership and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 cclp-20161231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 cclp-20161231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 cclp-20161231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 cclp-20161231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 cclp-20161231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 cclp-20161231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

